Marlins - Top 1st. Marquis pitching for Braves. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. Pierre singled to shallow left. Rodriguez flied out to left. Pierre stole second. Lee walked. Lowell flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Tejera pitching for Marlins. Furcal safe at first on error by second baseman Castillo. Franco struck out swinging. Sheffield grounded into fielder's choice to second, Furcal out at second. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Marquis pitching for Braves. Encarnacion flied out to right center. Hollandsworth struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to center. Tejera fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Tejera pitching for Marlins. Jones struck out swinging. Lopez struck out swinging. Castilla walked. Giles singled to left, Castilla to second. Marquis doubled to right, Castilla scored, Giles to third. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Marquis pitching for Braves. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. Pierre bunt grounded out to third. Rodriguez walked. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Tejera pitching for Marlins. Franco lined out to right. Sheffield lined out to center. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Marquis pitching for Braves. Lowell singled to center. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop, Lowell to second. Hollandsworth flied out to right. Gonzalez walked. Tejera singled to center, Lowell thrown out at home, Gonzalez to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Tejera pitching for Marlins. Jones walked. Lopez singled to left center, Jones to third. Castilla struck out looking. Giles singled to left, Jones scored, Lopez to second. Marquis sacrificed to pitcher, Lopez to third, Giles to second. Furcal struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Marquis pitching for Braves. Castillo singled to center. Pierre grounded out to pitcher, Castillo to second. Rodriguez flied out to deep right, Castillo to third. Lee grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Tejera pitching for Marlins. Franco grounded out to shortstop. Sheffield grounded out to second. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Marquis pitching for Braves. Lowell flied out to left. Encarnacion homered to left. Hollandsworth reached on infield single to third. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Castro hit for Tejera. Gonzalez homered to left center, Hollandsworth scored. Castro struck out swinging. Neal pitching for Marlins. Castillo struck out looking. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Neal pitching for Marlins. Jones grounded out to second. Lopez doubled to deep right center. Castilla struck out swinging. Fick hit for Gryboski. Giles walked. Hernandez pitching for Braves. Fick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Braves. Pierre grounded out to second. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Lee walked. Lee stole second. Lowell homered to left center, Lee scored. Encarnacion grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Neal pitching for Marlins. Furcal singled to center. Franco singled to right, Furcal to second. Sheffield singled to center, Furcal scored, Franco to second. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Jones doubled to deep center, Franco scored, Sheffield to third. Jones homered to center, Sheffield and Jones scored. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Castilla homered to left. Franco hit for Hernandez. Giles safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Lowell. Franco singled to right, Giles scored. Spooneybarger pitching for Marlins. Furcal grounded out to first, Franco to second. Holmes pitching for Braves. Franco grounded out to pitcher. 7 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Holmes pitching for Braves. Hollandsworth struck out swinging. Banks hit for Spooneybarger. Gonzalez homered to left. Banks grounded out to first. Castillo singled to center. Pierre singled to left, Castillo to second. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Rodriguez singled to right center, Castillo scored, Pierre to third. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Lee flied out to right center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Sheffield doubled to left. Jones flied out to right, Sheffield to third. Jones grounded out to third. Lopez doubled to right, Sheffield scored. Castilla singled to left, Lopez scored, Castilla to second on error by left fielder Hollandsworth. Giles singled to left, Castilla scored. Smoltz flied out to deep right. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Lowell grounded out to third. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Hollandsworth grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 7 - Braves 12.	Offense comes to life as Braves earn first win