Mets - Top 1st. Redman pitching for Marlins. Alomar fouled out to first. Sanchez singled to left. Floyd grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sanchez out at second. Piazza walked, Floyd to second. Vaughn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Leiter pitching for Mets. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Pierre flied out to left. Rodriguez walked. Rodriguez stole second. Lee walked. Lowell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Redman pitching for Marlins. Wigginton singled to left. Burnitz safe at first on error by first baseman Lee, Wigginton to third. Shinjo hit sacrifice fly to center, Wigginton scored. Leiter sacrificed to third, Burnitz to second. Alomar grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Leiter pitching for Mets. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Banks flied out to center. Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop. Redman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Redman pitching for Marlins. Sanchez grounded out to pitcher. Floyd walked. Piazza singled to left center, Floyd to third. Vaughn fouled out to left. Wigginton homered to center, Floyd and Piazza scored. Burnitz popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Leiter pitching for Mets. Castillo grounded out to third. Pierre reached on infield single to pitcher, Pierre to second. Rodriguez walked. Lee singled to left center, Pierre scored, Rodriguez to second. Lowell grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lee out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Redman pitching for Marlins. Shinjo singled to center. Leiter bunted into fielder's choice to third, Shinjo out at second. Alomar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Leiter out at second. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Alomar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Leiter pitching for Mets. Encarnacion popped out to shortstop. Banks flied out to left. Gonzalez fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Redman pitching for Marlins. Floyd walked. Piazza flied out to right. Vaughn grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Floyd out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Leiter pitching for Mets. Redman struck out swinging. Castillo singled to center. Pierre reached on bunt single to first, Castillo to second. Rodriguez walked, Castillo to third, Pierre to second. Lee hit sacrifice fly to deep center, Castillo scored, Pierre to third. Lowell grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Redman pitching for Marlins. Wigginton walked. Burnitz struck out swinging. Shinjo singled to left, Wigginton to second. Leiter grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Shinjo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Leiter pitching for Mets. Encarnacion flied out to deep left. Banks flied out to right center. Gonzalez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Redman pitching for Marlins. Alomar grounded out to third. Sanchez lined out to first. Floyd grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Mordecai hit for Redman. Leiter pitching for Mets. Mordecai singled to left. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mordecai out at second. Pierre grounded out to first, Castillo to second. Rodriguez walked. Weathers pitching for Mets. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second, Castillo to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Piazza grounded out to third. Vaughn struck out swinging. Wigginton doubled to deep left. Almanza pitching for Marlins. Clark at first base. Burnitz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Weathers pitching for Mets. Lowell popped out to shallow center. Encarnacion walked. Stanton pitching for Mets. Banks flied out to center. Looper pitching for Marlins. Williams in left field. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Perez hit for Stanton. Looper pitching for Marlins. Shinjo singled to left. Perez grounded out to third, Shinjo to second. Alomar flied out to shallow left. Benitez pitching for Mets. Sanchez lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Benitez pitching for Mets. Williams struck out swinging. Castillo singled to center. Pierre grounded out to second, Castillo to second. Rodriguez walked. Lee flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 4 - Marlins 2.	Rodriguez, Marlins unable to walk past Mets