Marlins - Top 1st. Glavine pitching for Mets. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. Castillo popped out to shallow center. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Alomar walked. Cedeno struck out swinging. Wigginton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Alomar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Glavine pitching for Mets. Encarnacion doubled to left center. Lowell flied out to right. Encarnacion caught stealing third, catcher to third. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Vaughn struck out swinging. Shinjo flied out to center. Burnitz singled to right. Burnitz stole second. Wilson walked. Sanchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Glavine pitching for Mets. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Williams safe at second on error by first baseman Vaughn. Beckett grounded out to third. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Glavine struck out looking. Alomar flied out to second. Cedeno struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop. Rodriguez singled to right, Castillo to second. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice double play, third to second, Castillo out at third, Rodriguez out at second. Lowell popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Wigginton struck out swinging. Vaughn struck out looking. Shinjo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Lee homered to left. Gonzalez reached on infield single to third. Williams flied out to left. Beckett sacrificed to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Pierre singled to right, Gonzalez scored. Castillo grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Burnitz walked. Wilson flied out to deep center. Sanchez singled to right, Burnitz to third. Glavine grounded out to second, Burnitz scored, Sanchez to second. Alomar struck out swinging, Alomar safe at first on wild pitch by Beckett. Cedeno singled to shallow left, Sanchez scored, Alomar to second, Alomar to third, Cedeno to second advancing on throw. Wigginton grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Rodriguez walked. Encarnacion lined out to left. Rodriguez stole second, Rodriguez safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Vaughn. Lowell grounded out to second. Lee intentionally walked. Gonzalez singled to left, Rodriguez scored, Lee to second. Williams grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Vaughn grounded out to second. Shinjo lined out to shortstop. Redman hit for Beckett. Burnitz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Redman flied out to right. Pierre bunt grounded out to catcher. Castillo reached on infield single to third. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Wilson homered to left. Sanchez singled to shallow left. Glavine sacrificed to third, Sanchez to second, Glavine safe at first on error by pitcher Nunez. Tejera pitching for Marlins. Alomar sacrificed to pitcher, Sanchez to third, Glavine to second. Cedeno reached on infield single to first, Sanchez scored, Glavine to third. Cedeno stole second. Wigginton walked. Vaughn singled to center, Glavine and Cedeno scored, Wigginton to third. Shinjo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wigginton scored, Vaughn out at second. Weathers pitching for Mets. Shinjo caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Weathers pitching for Mets. Encarnacion grounded out to second. Lowell flied out to left. Neal pitching for Marlins. Lee flied out to deep right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Neal pitching for Marlins. Burnitz struck out swinging. Wilson flied out to center. Stanton pitching for Mets. Sanchez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Stanton pitching for Mets. Gonzalez homered to left. Castro hit for Neal. Williams reached on bunt single to third. Castro fouled out to first. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Williams out at second. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierre out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Mets 7.	Mo turns tables to help Mets rally past Marlins