Marlins - Top 1st. Condrey pitching for Padres. Pierre flied out to left. Castillo grounded out to second. Lowell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Loretta singled to right. Kotsay grounded into fielder's choice to first, Loretta out at second. Kotsay caught stealing second, catcher to second. White singled to left. Buchanan singled to left, White to second. Nady flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Condrey pitching for Padres. Lee popped out to second. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Encarnacion popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Merloni struck out looking. Gonzalez struck out looking. Burroughs hit by pitch. Condrey lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Condrey pitching for Padres. Hollandsworth grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Phelps walked. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to second, Phelps out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Loretta singled to left. Kotsay flied out to left center. White singled to center, Loretta to second. Buchanan struck out swinging. Nady grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, White out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Condrey pitching for Padres. Castillo reached on infield single to pitcher. Lowell walked, Castillo to second. Lee struck out looking. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lowell out at second, Castillo to third. Encarnacion singled to center, Castillo scored, Rodriguez to second. Hollandsworth doubled to right center, Encarnacion and Rodriguez scored. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Castro hit for Phelps. Castro singled to center, Hollandsworth scored, Gonzalez to third. Levrault pitching for Marlins. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Levrault pitching for Marlins. Merloni struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Burroughs singled to center, Burroughs to third on error by center fielder Pierre. Condrey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Condrey pitching for Padres. Castillo singled to center. Castillo stole second. Lowell flied out to center. Lee grounded out to third. Rodriguez homered to left center, Castillo scored. Encarnacion flied out to right. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Levrault pitching for Marlins. Loretta doubled to right. Kotsay walked. White flied out to shallow right. Buchanan grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kotsay out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Condrey pitching for Padres. Hollandsworth doubled to right center. Mordecai hit for Levrault. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Mordecai grounded out to third, Hollandsworth to third. Neal pitching for Marlins. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Neal pitching for Marlins. Nady grounded out to shortstop. Merloni singled to right. Gonzalez singled to left center, Merloni to third. Hansen hit for Condrey. Burroughs hit sacrifice fly to left, Merloni scored. Hackman pitching for Padres. Hansen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Hackman pitching for Padres. Castillo flied out to left. Lowell popped out to second. Lee singled to left. Rodriguez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Neal pitching for Marlins. Loretta grounded out to pitcher. Kotsay walked. Klesko hit for Buchanan. White singled to left, Kotsay to second. Klesko popped out to shortstop. Klesko at first base. Herges pitching for Padres. Nady grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Herges pitching for Padres. Encarnacion walked. Hollandsworth singled to right, Encarnacion to second. Banks hit for Neal. Gonzalez flied out to shallow right. Banks struck out swinging. Spooneybarger pitching for Marlins. Pierre popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Spooneybarger pitching for Marlins. Merloni grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Lockhart hit for Herges. Burroughs singled to left. Burroughs to second on fielder's indifference. Wright pitching for Padres. Lockhart grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Wright pitching for Padres. Castillo singled to left. Lowell flied out to deep left center. Lee popped out to second. Almanza pitching for Marlins. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Almanza pitching for Marlins. Loretta flied out to left center. Kotsay struck out swinging. White singled to right. Klesko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 6 - Padres 1.	McKeon enjoys cigar after Marlins pound Padres