Cubs - Top 1st. Willis pitching for Marlins. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. Hubbard walked. Sosa walked, Hubbard to second. Alou flied out to center. Karros struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Pierre struck out swinging. Fox grounded out to second. Rodriguez singled to right. Encarnacion grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Gonzalez flied out to shallow right. Hernandez flied out to center. Miller fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Lee struck out swinging. Hollandsworth grounded out to first. Cabrera walked. Gonzalez lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Zambrano doubled to deep left center. Grudzielanek singled to left center. Hubbard doubled to right, Zambrano scored, Grudzielanek to third. Sosa reached on infield single to pitcher, Grudzielanek scored, Hubbard to third. Alou doubled to left center, Hubbard scored, Sosa to third. Karros doubled to deep left, Sosa and Alou scored. Gonzalez walked. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Hernandez flied out to left. Miller flied out to center, Karros to third. Zambrano singled to center, Karros scored, Gonzalez to second. Grudzielanek popped out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Phelps grounded out to first. Pierre bunt grounded out to third. Fox grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Hubbard singled to left. Hubbard stole second. Sosa singled to left, Hubbard to third. Alou popped out to third. Karros grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sosa out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Encarnacion flied out to left. Lee walked. Hollandsworth singled to center, Lee to third. Cabrera singled to right, Lee scored, Hollandsworth to third. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Gonzalez doubled to deep left. Hernandez struck out swinging. Miller safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera, Gonzalez to third. Zambrano singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Miller to second. Grudzielanek flied out to center. Hubbard singled to center, Miller scored, Zambrano to second. Castro hit for Phelps. Sosa struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Castro flied out to center. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Fox hit by pitch. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third, Fox to second. Tejera pitching for Marlins. Redmond catching. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Tejera pitching for Marlins. Alou grounded out to third. Karros doubled to left center. Gonzalez struck out looking. Hernandez doubled to left, Karros scored. Miller lined out to shallow center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Lee struck out looking. Hollandsworth grounded out to first. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Tejera pitching for Marlins. Zambrano struck out swinging. Grudzielanek flied out to right. Hubbard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Gonzalez singled to center. Redmond reached on infield single to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Pierre lined out to left. Guthrie pitching for Cubs. Banks hit for Tejera. Fox grounded into fielder's choice to first, Redmond out at second, Gonzalez to third. Almanza pitching for Marlins. Mordecai at shortstop. Banks popped out to shallow left center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Almanza pitching for Marlins. Sosa homered to left. Alou reached on infield single to third. Karros walked, Alou to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Hernandez doubled to deep center, Alou and Karros scored. O'Leary hit for Guthrie. Miller hit ground rule double to deep right center, Hernandez scored. O'Leary flied out to right. O'Leary in left field. Veres pitching for Cubs. Hubbard in right field. Goodwin in center field. Grudzielanek grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Veres pitching for Cubs. Encarnacion fouled out to catcher. Lee doubled to left. Hollandsworth flied out to left. Cabrera doubled to left center, Lee scored. Mordecai flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Almanza pitching for Marlins. Hubbard singled to center. Goodwin struck out swinging. Harris hit for Veres. Harris grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hubbard out at second. Karros walked, Harris to second. Gonzalez homered to center, Harris and Karros scored. Alfonseca pitching for Cubs. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Alfonseca pitching for Cubs. Redmond singled to right center. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to second, Redmond out at second. Penny hit for Almanza. Fox reached on infield single to second, Pierre to second. Penny struck out swinging. Encarnacion walked, Pierre to third, Fox to second. Lee flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 16 - Marlins 2.	Cubs rough up Willis in rout