Expos - Top 1st. Pavano pitching for Marlins. Carroll grounded out to third. Vidro grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera flied out to left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Ohka pitching for Expos. Pierre grounded out to first. Castillo walked. Rodriguez flied out to center. Lowell walked, Castillo to second. Castillo to third, Lowell to second on wild pitch by Ohka. Encarnacion grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 2nd. Pavano pitching for Marlins. Guerrero popped out to shortstop. Wilkerson grounded out to shortstop. Cordero walked. Calloway grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Ohka pitching for Expos. Lee grounded out to third. Hollandsworth struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 3rd. Pavano pitching for Marlins. Barrett lined out to left. Ohka grounded out to third. Carroll grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Ohka pitching for Expos. Pavano struck out looking. Pierre flied out to shallow left. Castillo singled to left. Rodriguez singled to left, Castillo to second. Lowell lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 4th. Pavano pitching for Marlins. Vidro singled to shallow center, Vidro to second advancing on throw. Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher, Vidro to third. Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to center, Vidro scored. Wilkerson lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Ohka pitching for Expos. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Hollandsworth safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera. Gonzalez doubled to left, Hollandsworth thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Expos - Top 5th. Pavano pitching for Marlins. Cordero grounded out to third. Calloway singled to right. Mateo at second base. Barrett grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Calloway out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Ohka pitching for Expos. Pavano struck out swinging. Pierre grounded out to first. Castillo singled to left. Rodriguez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 6th. Pavano pitching for Marlins. Ohka singled to right center. Carroll sacrificed to first, Ohka to second. Mateo flied out to center. Cabrera lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Ohka pitching for Expos. Lowell struck out swinging. Encarnacion doubled to left center. Lee homered to left, Encarnacion scored. Hollandsworth struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 7th. Pavano pitching for Marlins. Guerrero hit by pitch. Wilkerson flied out to center. Cordero popped out to shallow right. Calloway grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Ohka pitching for Expos. Pavano reached on infield single to second. Pierre sacrificed to pitcher, Pavano to second. Castillo reached on infield single to third, Pavano to third. Rodriguez hit by pitch, Castillo to second. Manon pitching for Expos. Lowell walked, Pavano scored, Castillo to third, Rodriguez to second. Encarnacion singled to center, Castillo scored, Rodriguez to third, Lowell to second. Lee hit sacrifice fly to deep center, Rodriguez scored. Hollandsworth walked, Lowell to third, Encarnacion to second. Biddle pitching for Expos. Gonzalez popped out to shallow left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 8th. Macias hit for Biddle. Pavano pitching for Marlins. Barrett flied out to right. Macias grounded out to second. Macias in right field. Drew pitching for Expos. Carroll struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Drew pitching for Expos. Pavano grounded out to first. Pierre singled to center. Pierre stole second. Castillo doubled to left center, Pierre scored. Rodriguez walked. Lowell singled to right, Castillo scored, Rodriguez to second. Cabrera ran for Lowell. Rodriguez to third, Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Drew. Encarnacion hit sacrifice fly to center, Rodriguez scored, Cabrera to third. Lee singled to left, Cabrera scored. Lee to second on wild pitch by Drew. Lee to third on wild pitch by Drew. Cabrera at third base. Hollandsworth flied out to right center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 9th. Pavano pitching for Marlins. Mateo flied out to left. Guzman hit for Drew. Cabrera singled to left. Guzman safe at first on error by first baseman Lee, Cabrera to second. Wilkerson flied out to left. Cordero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Expos 1 - Marlins 9.	Pavano continues mastery of Expos in Marlins' win