Marlins - Top 1st. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Pierre struck out looking. Castillo singled to left. Rodriguez struck out looking. Lowell singled to right center, Castillo to third. Encarnacion singled to left, Castillo scored, Lowell to third. Lee struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Willis pitching for Marlins. Hart walked. Perez singled to left center, Hart to third, Perez to second advancing on throw. Pujols flied out to shallow right. Rolen doubled to deep left, Hart and Perez scored. Renteria grounded out to third. Edmonds flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to center. Willis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Matheny grounded out to third. Cairo grounded out to third. Haren grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Pierre grounded out to first. Castillo singled to left. Rodriguez reached on infield single to second, Castillo to second. Lowell singled to left, Castillo scored, Rodriguez to second. Encarnacion singled to center, Rodriguez scored, Lowell to second. Lee walked, Lowell to third, Encarnacion to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lee out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Hart struck out swinging, Hart safe at first on error by first baseman Lee. Perez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hart out at second. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 4th. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Willis grounded out to second. Pierre singled to left center. Castillo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Rolen flied out to right center. Renteria struck out swinging. Edmonds grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez homered to left. Lowell struck out swinging. Encarnacion grounded out to first. Lee grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Matheny lined out to left. Cairo singled to left center. Haren struck out swinging. Hart lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 6th. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Rolen. Gonzalez lined into double play, third to first to second, Cabrera out at second. Willis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Perez grounded out to third. Pujols doubled to right center. Rolen flied out to center, Pujols to third. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Pierre singled to center. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Castillo sacrificed to third, Pierre to second. Rodriguez walked. Lowell singled to right, Pierre scored, Rodriguez to second. Encarnacion walked, Rodriguez to third, Lowell to second. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez scored, Encarnacion out at second, Lowell to third. Lowell scored, Lee to second on wild pitch by Eldred. Cabrera struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Edmonds struck out looking. Matheny struck out swinging. Cairo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez popped out to first. Willis singled to center. Widger hit for Kline. Pierre grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Willis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Widger flied out to center. Hart fouled out to first. Perez homered to left. Yan pitching for Cardinals. Pujols struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Yan pitching for Cardinals. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez singled to left center. Lowell flied out to center. Bump pitching for Marlins. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Rolen flied out to right. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Edmonds doubled to right. Matheny grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 7 - Cardinals 3.	Willis continues to excel with win against Cards