Padres - Top 1st. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop. Kotsay grounded out to shortstop. Loretta flied out to deep left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Eaton pitching for Padres. Pierre reached on bunt single to pitcher. Castillo doubled to right center, Pierre to third. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Lowell grounded out to second, Pierre scored, Castillo to third. Encarnacion walked. Lee grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Nevin struck out looking. Klesko struck out looking. Hansen singled to right. Vazquez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Eaton pitching for Padres. Cabrera flied out to center. Mordecai flied out to right center. Beckett singled to right. Pierre safe at first on error by first baseman Klesko, Beckett to second. Castillo walked, Beckett to third, Pierre to second. Rodriguez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 3rd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Bennett flied out to right. Eaton walked. Matthews Jr popped out to second. Kotsay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Eaton pitching for Padres. Lowell flied out to center. Encarnacion flied out to right center. Lee homered to left center. Cabrera walked. Mordecai grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Loretta grounded out to third. Nevin grounded out to third. Klesko lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Eaton pitching for Padres. Beckett doubled to deep center. Beckett to third on passed ball by Bennett. Pierre singled to center, Beckett scored. Castillo grounded out to first, Pierre to second. Rodriguez doubled to left center, Pierre scored. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Rodriguez to third on wild pitch by Linebrink. Lowell walked. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Lee popped out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Hansen grounded out to first. Vazquez grounded out to pitcher. Bennett singled to left. Burroughs hit for Linebrink. Roa pitching for Padres. Burroughs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Roa pitching for Padres. Cabrera doubled to deep right center. Mordecai safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Klesko, Cabrera scored. Beckett sacrificed to pitcher, Mordecai to third. Pierre walked. Castillo tripled to right center, Mordecai and Pierre scored. Rodriguez tripled to right, Castillo scored. Lowell fouled out to first. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 6th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Matthews Jr struck out looking. Kotsay struck out swinging. Loretta flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Roa pitching for Padres. Lee grounded out to third. Cabrera struck out looking. Mordecai flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Nevin singled to center. Klesko grounded into fielder's choice to second, Nevin out at second. Klesko to second on wild pitch by Beckett. Hansen struck out swinging. Matthews pitching for Padres. Merloni at second base. Vazquez popped out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Matthews pitching for Padres. Beckett flied out to center. Pierre flied out to shallow left. Fox at second base. Castillo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Bennett grounded out to shortstop. Merloni flied out to right. Matthews Jr doubled to left center. Kotsay walked. Matthews doubled to deep left center, Matthews Jr and Kotsay scored. Wright pitching for Padres. Nevin grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Wright pitching for Padres. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third. Lowell fouled out to third. Encarnacion singled to right, Rodriguez to second. Lee singled to center, Rodriguez scored, Encarnacion to second. Cabrera singled to center, Encarnacion to third, Lee to second. Mordecai doubled to left, Encarnacion and Lee scored, Cabrera to third. Hackman pitching for Padres. Redmond hit for Beckett. Redmond grounded out to third. Bump pitching for Marlins. Pierre flied out to right. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Klesko doubled to left. Hansen walked. Vazquez walked, Klesko to third, Hansen to second. Bennett doubled to left, Klesko and Hansen scored, Vazquez to third. Merloni hit sacrifice fly to center, Vazquez scored. Matthews Jr grounded out to second, Bennett to third. Kotsay walked. Ojeda hit for Hackman. Ojeda walked, Kotsay to second. Nevin singled to center, Bennett and Kotsay scored, Ojeda to third. Tejera pitching for Marlins. Nevin to second on runner's fielder's choice. Klesko popped out to third. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 7 - Marlins 11.	Beckett, Marlins hand Padres fifth straight loss