Marlins - Top 1st. Ponson pitching for Giants. Pierre grounded out to third. Castillo grounded out to second. Rodriguez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Willis pitching for Marlins. Young grounded out to shortstop. Aurilia struck out swinging. Grissom homered to left. Bonds walked. Alfonzo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bonds out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Ponson pitching for Giants. Lowell grounded out to third. Encarnacion flied out to deep center. Lee walked. Lee to second on wild pitch by Ponson. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Santiago flied out to deep right center. Galarraga singled to left. Cruz walked, Galarraga to second. Ponson bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Galarraga out at third, Cruz to second. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Ponson pitching for Giants. Gonzalez singled to left. Willis sacrificed to third, Gonzalez to second. Pierre grounded out to second. Castillo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Aurilia flied out to left. Grissom walked. Bonds walked, Grissom to second. Alfonzo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bonds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Ponson pitching for Giants. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Lowell grounded out to third. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Santiago singled to center. Galarraga flied into double play, right to first, Santiago doubled off first. Cruz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Ponson pitching for Giants. Lee struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left. Gonzalez homered to left, Cabrera scored. Willis singled to center. Pierre walked, Willis to second. Castillo singled to right, Willis to third, Pierre to second. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Castillo out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Ponson grounded out to second. Young bunt grounded out to pitcher. Aurilia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Ponson pitching for Giants. Lowell grounded out to third. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Lee singled to right. Lee to second on wild pitch by Ponson. Cabrera walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Grissom reached on infield single to pitcher. Bonds singled to right, Grissom to third. Alfonzo singled to center, Grissom scored, Bonds to second. Fox pitching for Marlins. Santiago walked, Bonds to third, Alfonzo to second. Galarraga singled to left, Bonds scored, Alfonzo to third, Santiago to second. Cruz walked, Alfonzo scored, Santiago to third, Galarraga to second. Perez hit for Ponson. Perez struck out swinging. Young hit sacrifice fly to left, Santiago scored. Aurilia doubled to shallow left, Galarraga scored, Cruz to third. Herges pitching for Giants. Grissom struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Fox hit for Fox. Herges pitching for Giants. Fox struck out swinging. Pierre lined out to shortstop. Bump pitching for Marlins. Castillo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Bonds walked. Alfonzo flied out to right center. Santiago flied out to right. Galarraga singled to right center, Bonds to third. Cruz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Herges pitching for Giants. Rodriguez singled to left. Lowell flied out to right. Encarnacion singled to left, Rodriguez to second, Rodriguez to third on error by left fielder Bonds. Nathan pitching for Giants. Torrealba catching. Lee hit sacrifice fly to right, Rodriguez scored. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 8th. Helling pitching for Marlins. Torrealba grounded out to second. Young singled to right. Young caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Aurilia walked. Grissom struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Giants. Gonzalez popped out to first. Harris hit for Helling. Harris singled to shallow right. Pierre singled to right, Harris to second. Worrell pitching for Giants. Castillo singled to shallow right center, Harris scored, Pierre to second. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castillo out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Giants 6.	San Francisco 6, Florida 4