Twins - Top 1st . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Hicks flied out to center . Mauer struck out looking . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Richard Worley pitching for Twins . McLouth flied out to right . Machado singled to right . Markakis doubled to left , Machado to third . Jones reached on infield single to pitcher , Machado scored , Markakis scored on throwing error by pitcher Worley . Davis struck out looking . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 2nd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Morneau singled to right . Doumit doubled to deep left center , Morneau to third . Plouffe struck out swinging . Parmelee walked . Dozier hit sacrifice fly to center , Morneau scored , Doumit to third . Florimon walked , Parmelee to second . Hicks struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Richard Worley pitching for Twins . Hardy lined out to pitcher . Flaherty flied out to left . Reimold popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Mauer lined out to left . Willingham walked . Morneau singled to left center , Willingham to third . Doumit singled to right , Willingham scored , Morneau to third . Plouffe hit sacrifice fly to center , Morneau scored . Parmelee homered to right ( 406 feet ) , Doumit scored . Dozier grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Richard Worley pitching for Twins . McLouth lined out to center . Machado walked . Markakis singled to center , Machado to second . Jones struck out swinging . Davis singled to center , Machado scored , Markakis to third . Wieters flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Florimon reached on bunt single to first . Hicks grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Florimon out at second . Hicks caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Mauer singled to center . Willingham walked , Mauer to second . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Morneau flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Richard Worley pitching for Twins . Hardy singled to right . Flaherty flied out to center . Reimold grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hardy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Doumit grounded out to third . Plouffe struck out swinging . Parmelee singled to left . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Parmelee out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Richard Worley pitching for Twins . McLouth reached on infield single to second . Machado singled to right , McLouth to second . Markakis singled to right center , McLouth to third , Machado to second . Jones singled to center , McLouth and Machado scored , Markakis to second . Davis flied out to left . Wieters fouled out to third . Hardy grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Florimon grounded out to third . Hicks struck out swinging . Mauer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Roenicke pitching for Twins . Flaherty grounded out to second . Reimold struck out swinging . McLouth grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Willingham struck out swinging . Morneau struck out swinging . Doumit grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Roenicke pitching for Twins . Machado flied out to center . Markakis doubled to deep right . Jones flied out to right . Davis walked . Wieters flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Plouffe hit by pitch . Escobar ran for Plouffe . Parmelee flied out to right . Dozier struck out swinging . Escobar caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Florimon batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Escobar at third base . Roenicke pitching for Twins . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . Flaherty struck out swinging . Reimold fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Carroll hit for Florimon . Carroll grounded out to pitcher . Hicks safe at first on error by first baseman Davis . Mauer struck out swinging . Willingham walked , Hicks to second . Morneau singled to center , Hicks scored , Willingham to third . Doumit struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Escobar at shortstop . Carroll at third base . Perkins pitching for Twins . Mastroianni in left field . McLouth grounded out to shortstop . Machado flied out to right . Markakis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 6 - Orioles 5 .	Davis ' 4 - game homer streak over as O 's fall