Twins - Bottom 1st . Trout flied out to center . Pujols flied out to right . Vargas pitching for Angels . Dozier flied out to center . Mauer singled to center . Morneau lined out to shortstop . Plouffe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Hamilton lined out to center . Trumbo struck out swinging . Kendrick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Angels . Doumit reached on infield single to third . Parmelee grounded out to third , Doumit to second . Ramirez singled to left center , Doumit to third . Hicks walked , Ramirez to second . Florimon hit sacrifice fly to center , Doumit scored . Dozier walked , Ramirez to third , Hicks to second . Mauer singled to center , Ramirez and Hicks scored , Dozier to third . Morneau flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Iannetta singled to right . Jimenez doubled to deep left , Iannetta to third . Romine walked . Bourjos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iannetta scored , Romine out at second , Jimenez to third . Trout singled to left , Jimenez scored , Bourjos to second . Pujols singled to left , Bourjos scored , Trout to second . Hamilton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pujols out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Angels . Plouffe grounded out to second . Doumit doubled to left . Parmelee singled to left , Doumit to third . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to left , Doumit scored . Hicks grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Trumbo singled to center . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Trumbo out at second . Iannetta reached on infield single to shortstop , Kendrick to second . Jimenez singled to center , Kendrick to third , Iannetta to second . Romine grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendrick scored , Jimenez out at second , Iannetta to third . Bourjos flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Angels . Florimon lined out to left . Dozier singled to right . Mauer singled to left center , Dozier to second . Morneau singled to right , Dozier scored , Mauer to third . Williams pitching for Angels . Plouffe lined into double play , to first , Morneau doubled off first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Trout walked . Pujols popped out to third . Hamilton struck out swinging . Trumbo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Angels . Doumit grounded out to shortstop . Parmelee grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez singled to center . Escobar ran for Ramirez . Hicks walked , Escobar to second . Florimon walked , Escobar to third , Hicks to second . Dozier singled to center , Escobar and Hicks scored , Florimon to third . Mauer lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Escobar in left field . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Kendrick struck out swinging . Iannetta struck out swinging . Jimenez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Angels . Morneau reached on infield single to shortstop . Plouffe popped out to second . Doumit grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Morneau out at second . Doumit to second on wild pitch by Williams . Parmelee struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Romine grounded out to second . Bourjos lined out to center . Trout struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for Angels . Escobar singled to right . Hicks fouled out to third . Florimon singled to right center , Escobar to second . Dozier flied out to right . Mauer singled to left center , Escobar scored , Florimon to third . De La Rosa pitching for Angels . Morneau popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Pujols grounded out to third . Hamilton grounded out to second . Trumbo singled to left . Kendrick grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . De La Rosa pitching for Angels . Plouffe struck out swinging . Doumit walked . Parmelee lined out to center . Escobar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Iannetta flied out to center . Jimenez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Plouffe . Shuck hit for Romine . Shuck singled to center , Jimenez to second . Perkins pitching for Twins . Bourjos struck out swinging . Trout doubled to right , Jimenez and Shuck scored . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 6 - Twins 8 .	Mauer ( 4 - for-5 ) ignites Twins past Angels