Orioles - Top 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . McLouth grounded out to second . Machado singled to center . Markakis flied out to center . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Carroll reached on infield single to second . Mauer doubled to deep right , Carroll to third . Willingham grounded out to third , Carroll scored . Morneau struck out looking . Plouffe lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Davis doubled to right . Wieters lined out to left . Hardy flied out to center . Dickerson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Doumit walked . Arcia singled to right , Doumit to second . Hicks singled to center , Doumit to third , Arcia to second . Escobar struck out swinging . Carroll struck out looking . Mauer singled to center , Doumit and Arcia scored , Hicks to second . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Casilla singled to center . Casilla stole second . McLouth struck out swinging . Machado grounded out to third . Markakis walked . Jones reached on infield single to third , Casilla to third , Markakis to second . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Morneau doubled to deep right . Plouffe grounded out to shortstop , Morneau to third . Doumit hit sacrifice fly to right , Morneau scored . Arcia singled to left . Hicks flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Wieters flied out to center . Hardy popped out to shortstop . Dickerson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Escobar struck out swinging . Carroll struck out swinging . Mauer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Casilla reached on infield single to third . McLouth grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Casilla out at second . Machado lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Willingham hit by pitch . Morneau walked , Willingham to second . Plouffe doubled to deep left , Willingham scored , Morneau to third . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Doumit flied out to right . Arcia grounded out to pitcher , Morneau scored , Plouffe to third . Hicks grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Markakis doubled to left . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Davis doubled to deep right , Markakis scored . Wieters lined out to left . Hardy doubled to deep center , Davis scored . Dickerson doubled to deep left center , Hardy scored . Casilla grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Carroll lined out to center . Mauer doubled to deep center . Willingham intentionally walked . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Roenicke pitching for Twins . McLouth doubled to deep right center . Machado reached on bunt single to third , McLouth scored , Machado to second on throwing error by third baseman Plouffe . Markakis singled to left center , Machado scored . Jones grounded out to third , Markakis to second . Davis doubled to deep right center , Markakis scored . Fien pitching for Twins . Wieters flied out to center , Davis to third . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 7th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Plouffe reached on bunt single to shortstop . Plouffe to second on wild pitch by McFarland . Doumit grounded out to third . Arcia struck out swinging . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Hicks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Fien pitching for Twins . Dickerson grounded out to third . Casilla walked . McLouth struck out swinging , Casilla stole second , Casilla to third on throwing error by catcher Doumit . Machado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 8th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Escobar flied out to left . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Mauer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Burton pitching for Twins . Markakis grounded out to second . Jones singled to left . Jones stole second . Davis struck out swinging . Wieters intentionally walked . Hardy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Willingham struck out swinging . Morneau popped out to first . Plouffe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 10th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Dickerson singled to right . Casilla sacrificed to pitcher , Dickerson to second . McLouth singled to center , Dickerson to third . Machado singled to right , Dickerson scored , McLouth to third . Markakis hit sacrifice fly to left , McLouth scored , Machado to second . Jones singled to center , Machado scored . Davis grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 10th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Doumit grounded out to second . Arcia flied out to left . Parmelee hit for Hicks . Parmelee singled to left . Ramirez hit for Escobar . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 9 - Twins 6 .	Orioles score 3 runs in 10th , rally by Twins