Mariners - Top 1st . Correia pitching for Twins . Chavez grounded out to first . Bay homered to left . Seager homered to right . Morales grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez reached on infield single to third . Franklin walked , Ibanez to second . Saunders lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 1st . Harang pitching for Mariners . Escobar flied out to left . Mauer walked . Willingham struck out swinging . Doumit flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Correia pitching for Twins . Shoppach grounded out to shortstop . Ryan fouled out to first . Chavez walked . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Chavez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Harang pitching for Mariners . Parmelee walked . Colabello grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Parmelee safe at second on error by shortstop Ryan . Dozier flied out to center , Parmelee to third . Hicks grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Parmelee scored , Colabello safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Harang , Hicks safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Harang . Florimon struck out swinging . Escobar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Correia pitching for Twins . Seager grounded out to first . Morales struck out swinging . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Harang pitching for Mariners . Mauer grounded out to pitcher . Willingham fouled out to left . Doumit grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Correia pitching for Twins . Franklin flied out to right . Saunders doubled to deep left center . Shoppach struck out swinging . Ryan reached on infield single to shortstop , Saunders to third . Chavez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Harang pitching for Mariners . Parmelee singled to center . Colabello singled to left , Parmelee to second . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Parmelee out at third , Colabello to second . Hicks flied out to center . Florimon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Correia pitching for Twins . Bay lined out to center . Seager grounded out to first . Morales popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Harang pitching for Mariners . Escobar flied out to left . Mauer lined out to left . Willingham flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Correia pitching for Twins . Ibanez grounded out to first . Franklin grounded out to second . Saunders singled to center . Shoppach grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Harang pitching for Mariners . Doumit doubled to deep center . Parmelee flied out to right . Colabello grounded out to shortstop , Doumit to third . Dozier singled to left , Doumit scored . Hicks fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Correia pitching for Twins . Ryan flied out to center . Chavez grounded out to second . Bay homered to left . Seager singled to right . Duensing pitching for Twins . Morales singled to deep right , Seager to third . Ibanez singled to deep right , Seager scored , Morales to third . Franklin flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Perez pitching for Mariners . Florimon struck out swinging . Escobar flied out to center . Mauer singled to center . Capps pitching for Mariners . Willingham flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Saunders flied out to left . Fien pitching for Twins . Shoppach struck out swinging . Ryan fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Capps pitching for Mariners . Doumit singled to center . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Parmelee struck out swinging . Colabello grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Doumit out at second . Dozier walked , Colabello to second . Hicks grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Dozier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Chavez singled to left . Bay grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Chavez out at second . Seager struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Florimon walked . Florimon to second on wild pitch by Wilhelmsen . Escobar walked . Mauer walked , Florimon to third , Escobar to second . Willingham hit sacrifice fly to left , Florimon scored . Doumit tripled to deep right , Escobar and Mauer scored . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 4 - Twins 5 .	Twins beat M 's with Doumit 's walk - off triple