Twins - Top 1st . Davis pitching for Royals . Carroll safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas . Mauer grounded out to shortstop , Carroll to third . Willingham struck out swinging , Willingham safe at first on wild pitch by Davis , Carroll scored . Morneau struck out looking . Doumit homered to right ( 399 feet ) , Willingham scored . Parmelee struck out looking . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Gordon struck out swinging . Hosmer grounded out to second . Perez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Davis pitching for Royals . Thomas grounded out to second . Dozier flied out to center . Florimon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Butler singled to center . Moustakas singled to right , Butler to second . Cain singled to left , Butler to third , Moustakas to second . Lough grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Butler out at home , Moustakas to third , Cain to second . Getz singled to left , Moustakas and Cain scored , Lough to second . Escobar lined into double play , third to second , Lough doubled off second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Davis pitching for Royals . Carroll lined out to first . Mauer walked . Willingham hit by pitch , Mauer to second . Morneau singled to left , Mauer to third , Willingham to second . Doumit struck out swinging . Parmelee grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Gordon flied out to left . Hosmer walked . Perez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hosmer out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Davis pitching for Royals . Thomas lined out to center . Dozier singled to center . Florimon grounded out to pitcher , Dozier to second . Carroll walked . Mauer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Butler grounded out to shortstop . Moustakas fouled out to catcher . Cain struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Davis pitching for Royals . Willingham struck out looking . Morneau singled to center . Doumit walked , Morneau to second . Parmelee grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Doumit out at second , Morneau to third . Thomas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Lough grounded out to second . Getz flied out to left . Escobar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Dozier struck out swinging . Florimon grounded out to second . Carroll flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Gordon lined out to left . Hosmer doubled to deep left . Perez singled to right , Hosmer scored , Perez to second advancing on throw . Butler grounded out to shortstop , Perez to third . Moustakas grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Collins pitching for Royals . Mauer grounded out to pitcher . Willingham flied out to right . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Cain grounded out to shortstop . Lough singled to left center . Duensing pitching for Twins . Getz grounded out to second , Lough to third . Fien pitching for Twins . Escobar popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Top 8th . Collins pitching for Royals . Doumit grounded out to shortstop . Parmelee grounded out to shortstop . Thomas flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Burton pitching for Twins . Gordon doubled to left center . Hosmer singled to right , Gordon scored . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hosmer out at second . Butler doubled to deep right , Perez scored . Johnson ran for Butler . Moustakas grounded out to second , Johnson to third . Cain homered to left ( 402 feet ) , Johnson scored . Pressly pitching for Twins . Lough struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Holland pitching for Royals . Dozier flied out to right . Florimon doubled to deep right . Carroll lined out to first . Mauer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 3 - Royals 7 .	Cain , Royals rally for 4 in 8th to beat Twins