Twins - Top 1st . Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros . Presley fouled out to second . Mastroianni fouled out to catcher . Dozier flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Albers pitching for Twins . Grossman doubled to deep center . Altuve reached on bunt single to pitcher , Grossman to third . Castro singled to left , Grossman scored , Altuve to second . Dominguez flied out to right , Altuve to third . Carter singled to left , Altuve scored , Castro to third . Crowe singled to right , Castro scored , Carter to second . Barnes struck out swinging . Hoes grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros . Willingham flied out to center . Plouffe homered to left center ( 413 feet ) . Herrmann singled to left center . Colabello grounded into double play , third to second to first , Herrmann out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Albers pitching for Twins . Villar doubled to deep center . Grossman reached on bunt single to catcher , Villar to third . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Villar out at home , Grossman to second . Castro singled to left , Grossman scored , Altuve to third . Clark ran for Castro . Dominguez struck out swinging . Carter doubled to right , Altuve scored , Clark to third . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Crowe flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Clark catching . Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros . Thomas flied out to center . Florimon flied out to right . Presley walked . Mastroianni doubled to deep left center , Presley scored . Dozier walked . Willingham flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Barnes flied out to center . Hoes grounded out to shortstop . Villar walked . Grossman walked , Villar to second . Villar stole third . Altuve singled to right , Villar scored , Grossman to third . Altuve stole second . Clark struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros . Plouffe singled to center . Plouffe caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Herrmann flied out to left . Colabello homered to right center ( 388 feet ) . Thomas singled to center , Thomas to second on error by center fielder Barnes . Florimon singled to center , Thomas scored . Florimon stole second . Presley walked . Harrell pitching for Astros . Mastroianni grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 4th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Dominguez flied out to right . Carter lined out to shortstop . Crowe lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Harrell pitching for Astros . Dozier homered to left ( 364 feet ) . Willingham walked . Plouffe singled to center , Willingham to second . Herrmann singled to center into double play , center to shortstop to catcher to third , Willingham out at home , Herrmann out at second , Plouffe to second , Plouffe to second . Colabello struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Barnes singled to left . Hoes struck out swinging . Villar struck out looking . Barnes caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Grossman batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Fields pitching for Astros . Thomas walked . Florimon fouled out to shortstop . Presley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Thomas out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Grossman grounded out to catcher . Altuve singled to center . Clark struck out swinging . Dominguez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Fields pitching for Astros . Mastroianni struck out swinging . Dozier fouled out to first . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Roenicke pitching for Twins . Carter fouled out to catcher . Crowe flied out to center . Barnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Fields pitching for Astros . Plouffe walked . Bernier ran for Plouffe . Chapman pitching for Astros . Herrmann sacrificed to pitcher , Bernier to second . Colabello struck out looking . Doumit hit for Thomas . Doumit intentionally walked . Florimon singled to center , Bernier scored , Doumit to second . Presley struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Mastroianni in left field . Bernier at third base . Doumit in right field . Roenicke pitching for Twins . Hoes fouled out to second . Villar walked . Villar caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Grossman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Lo pitching for Astros . Mastroianni struck out swinging . Dozier reached on infield single to shortstop , Dozier to second on throwing error by shortstop Villar . Willingham struck out looking . Bernier walked . Herrmann walked , Dozier to third , Bernier to second . Colabello homered to center ( 402 feet ) , Dozier , Bernier and Herrmann scored . Doumit grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 9th . Fien pitching for Twins . Altuve singled to deep left , Altuve out stretching at second . Clark struck out swinging . Dominguez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 10 - Astros 6 .	Colabello 's slam gives Twins 10 - 6 win over Astros