White Sox - Top 1st . Cole pitching for Astros . García grounded out to first . Moncada grounded out to pitcher . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Nova pitching for White Sox . Reddick grounded out to second . Bregman hit by pitch . Brantley grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Bregman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Cole pitching for Astros . McCann lined out to right . Alonso grounded out to shortstop . Jiménez homered to center ( 419 feet ) . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Nova pitching for White Sox . Correa struck out swinging . Díaz reached on infield single to second . White grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Díaz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Cole pitching for Astros . Tilson struck out swinging . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . García struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Nova pitching for White Sox . Kemp doubled to right . Chirinos hit by pitch . Marisnick grounded into triple play , third to second to first , Chirinos out at second , Kemp out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Cole pitching for Astros . Moncada struck out swinging . Abreu homered to center ( 439 feet ) . McCann struck out looking . Alonso walked . Jiménez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Reddick grounded out to pitcher . Bregman homered to left ( 352 feet ) . Brantley singled to right . Correa doubled to right , Brantley scored and Brantley scored , Correa to third . Díaz hit sacrifice fly to center , Correa scored . White singled to center . Kemp grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Cole pitching for Astros . Anderson singled to center . Tilson struck out swinging . Sánchez flied into double play , center to first , Anderson doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Chirinos singled to left . Marisnick struck out swinging . Reddick flied out to left . Bregman walked , Chirinos to second . Brantley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Cole pitching for Astros . García singled to left , García safe at second on error by left fielder Brantley . Moncada singled to right , García scored . Abreu singled to right , Moncada to third . McCann doubled to deep left center , Moncada scored , Abreu to third . James pitching for Astros . Alonso walked . Jiménez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Alonso to second , McCann to third , Abreu out at home . Anderson struck out swinging . Tilson homered to right ( 404 feet ) , McCann scored , Alonso scored and Jiménez scored . Sánchez lined out to left . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 6th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Correa singled to left . Díaz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Correa out at second . White grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Devenski pitching for Astros . García struck out swinging . Moncada singled to right . Abreu struck out swinging . Moncada stole second . McCann lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Kemp struck out looking . Chirinos safe at first on error by shortstop Anderson . Marisnick grounded into double play , third to second to first , Chirinos out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 8th . Rodgers pitching for Astros . Alonso struck out swinging . Jiménez homered to right ( 427 feet ) . Anderson flied out to right . Tilson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Reddick singled to left . Bregman singled to left center , Reddick to second . Osich pitching for White Sox . Brantley flied out to left . Correa flied out to left . Díaz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Rodgers pitching for Astros . Sánchez struck out swinging . García grounded out to third . Moncada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Vieira pitching for White Sox . White struck out swinging . Kemp walked . Chirinos singled to left , Kemp to second . Marisnick singled to right , Chirinos to second , Kemp to third . Colomé pitching for White Sox . Reddick hit sacrifice fly to center , Kemp scored . Bregman popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 9 - Astros 4 .	Jiménez hits 2 HR , White Sox turn triple play to beat Astros