Indians - Top 1st . Nova pitching for White Sox . Lindor struck out looking . Mercado grounded out to third . Santana grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Indians . García lined out to right . Moncada grounded out to shortstop . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Nova pitching for White Sox . Kipnis lined out to right . Ramírez grounded out to second . Bauers walked . Allen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Indians . McCann grounded out to third . Jiménez singled to center . Alonso grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jiménez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Nova pitching for White Sox . Plawecki grounded out to third . Martín struck out swinging . Lindor grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Indians . Anderson singled to center . Anderson stole second . Sánchez walked . Tilson walked , Sánchez to second , Anderson to third . García hit sacrifice fly to center , Anderson scored . Tilson thrown out at second , Sánchez caught stealing second , shortstop to third . Jefry Rodriguez pitches to Yoan Moncada . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Mercado safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Moncada . Santana singled to center , Mercado to third . Kipnis hit sacrifice fly to right , Mercado scored . Ramírez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Santana out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Indians . Moncada walked . Abreu struck out swinging . McCann grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McCann safe at second on error by pitcher Rodríguez , Moncada safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Rodríguez , Moncada third . Jiménez popped out to shortstop . Alonso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 5th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Bauers popped out to shortstop . Allen reached on infield single to first . Plawecki hit by pitch , Allen to second . Martín grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Plawecki out at second , Allen to third . Lindor grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Pérez pitching for Indians . Anderson grounded out to second . Sánchez bunt grounded out to pitcher . Tilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Mercado struck out looking . Santana homered to right ( 374 feet ) . Kipnis lined out to center . Ramírez lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Perez pitching for Indians . García grounded out to third . Moncada flied out to right . Cimber pitching for Indians . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Bauers doubled to deep left . Allen sacrificed to pitcher , Bauers to third . Plawecki flied out to right . Martín homered to right ( 403 feet ) , Bauers scored . Lindor singled to deep right center , Lindor thrown out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Cimber pitching for Indians . McCann walked . Jiménez doubled to right , McCann to third . Clippard pitching for Indians . Alonso hit sacrifice fly to left , McCann scored . Anderson flied out to center , Jiménez to third . Sánchez walked . Tilson popped out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Mercado struck out swinging . Santana grounded out to second . Kipnis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Wittgren pitching for Indians . García grounded out to second . Moncada singled to center . Abreu flied out to center . McCann struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Ramírez grounded out to third . Bauers walked . Allen grounded out to third , Bauers to second . Herrera pitching for White Sox . Plawecki singled to center , Bauers scored on throwing error by center fielder García , Plawecki safe at second on throwing error by center fielder García . Martín lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Hand pitching for Indians . Jiménez struck out looking . Alonso popped out to shortstop . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 5 - White Sox 2 .	Santana , Martin HR , Indians beat blundering White Sox 5 - 2