White Sox - Top 1st . Lynn pitching for Rangers . García singled to left center . Moncada reached on infield single to first , García to third . Abreu grounded out to first , Moncada to second . Alonso walked . Jiménez struck out swinging . Anderson doubled to deep right , Alonso scored , García scored and Moncada scored . Sánchez doubled to deep left , Anderson scored . Collins flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Despaigne pitching for White Sox . Choo lined out to third . DeShields grounded out to third . Andrus reached on infield single to second . Mazara homered to right ( 430 feet ) , Andrus scored . Calhoun singled to right . Cabrera walked , Calhoun to second . Forsythe doubled to deep right , Calhoun scored , Cabrera thrown out at home . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Tilson grounded out to second . García doubled to right center . Moncada grounded out to shortstop , García to third . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Despaigne pitching for White Sox . Guzmán singled to left . Mathis flied out to right . Choo lined out to shortstop . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guzmán out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Alonso popped out to shortstop . Jiménez grounded out to second . Anderson fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Despaigne pitching for White Sox . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Mazara homered to right center ( 405 feet ) . Calhoun doubled to deep right center , Calhoun thrown out at third . Cabrera grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Sánchez grounded out to second . Collins struck out looking . Tilson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Despaigne pitching for White Sox . Forsythe singled to center . Osich pitching for White Sox . Guzmán fouled out to left . Mathis lined into double play , second to first , Forsythe out at first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Lynn pitching for Rangers . García grounded out to second . Moncada struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Osich pitching for White Sox . Choo struck out swinging . DeShields walked . Andrus singled to right center , DeShields to third . Mazara struck out swinging , Andrus stole second . Calhoun lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Alonso grounded out to shortstop . Jiménez struck out swinging . Anderson homered to center ( 440 feet ) . Sánchez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Osich pitching for White Sox . Cabrera struck out swinging . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Forsythe walked . Guzmán singled to center , Forsythe to second . Mathis singled to right , Guzmán to second , Forsythe to third . Choo reached on infield single to second , Forsythe scored , Mathis to second , Guzmán to third . DeShields reached on infield single to second , Guzmán scored , Choo to second , Mathis thrown out at home . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Andrus grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Lynn pitching for Rangers . Collins grounded out to shortstop . Tilson flied out to left . García grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Mazara safe at first on error by shortstop Anderson . Calhoun lined out to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . Forsythe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 8th . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Moncada popped out to first . Abreu struck out swinging . Alonso grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Guzmán grounded out to shortstop . Mathis flied out to left . Choo doubled to right . DeShields fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Forsythe at first base . Odor at second base . Martin pitching for Rangers . Jiménez struck out looking . Anderson reached on infield single to first . Sánchez grounded out to second , Anderson to third . Collins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Rangers 6 .	Mazara homers twice as Lynn , Rangers edge White Sox 6 - 5