White Sox - Top 1st . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Anderson struck out swinging . Moncada struck out looking . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Nova pitching for White Sox . Long flied out to left . Nola reached on infield single to shortstop . Seager grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Nola out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Jiménez struck out swinging . Castillo grounded out to second . Sánchez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Nova pitching for White Sox . Lewis struck out looking . Vogelbach struck out looking . Murphy singled to center . Moore flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Collins struck out swinging . Engel grounded out to shortstop . Cordell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Nova pitching for White Sox . Walton grounded out to first . Smith flied out to left . Long singled to right . Nola singled to right , Long to second . Seager lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Moncada singled to right . Abreu struck out swinging . Jiménez singled to center , Moncada to second . Castillo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Lewis doubled to deep right . Vogelbach walked . Murphy singled to left , Vogelbach to second , Lewis to third . Moore reached on infield single to shortstop , Lewis scored , Murphy to second , Vogelbach to third . Walton singled to right , Vogelbach scored , Moore to second , Murphy to third . Smith singled to left , Murphy scored , Walton to second , Moore to third . Long struck out looking . Nola singled to right center , Moore scored and Walton scored , Smith to second . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Seager walked , Nola to second , Smith to third . Lewis struck out swinging . Vogelbach struck out looking . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Sánchez walked . Collins reached on infield single to first , Sánchez to second . Engel homered to left ( 415 feet ) , Sánchez scored and Collins scored . Cordell popped out to first . Anderson singled to right , Anderson safe at second on error by right fielder Lewis . Moncada singled to center , Anderson to third . Abreu singled to left , Anderson scored , Moncada to second . Brennan pitching for Mariners . Jiménez reached on infield single to third , Abreu to second , Moncada to third . Castillo homered to left center ( 393 feet ) , Moncada scored , Abreu scored and Jiménez scored . Sánchez grounded out to third . Collins struck out looking . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Murphy flied out to right . Moore struck out swinging . Walton walked . Smith walked , Walton to second . Long grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Altavilla pitching for Mariners . Engel struck out looking . Cordell struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Nola struck out looking . Seager singled to center . Lewis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Seager out at second . Vogelbach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Grotz pitching for Mariners . Moncada singled to deep right . Moncada stole second . Abreu struck out swinging . Jiménez hit ground rule double to right , Moncada scored . Jiménez to third on wild pitch by Grotz . Castillo hit sacrifice fly to left , Jiménez scored . Sánchez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Murphy flied out to right . Moore walked . Lopes hit for Walton . Lopes walked , Moore to second . Smith grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lopes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Moore at shortstop . Lopes in left field . Guilbeau pitching for Mariners . Collins reached on infield single to second . Engel grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Collins out at second . Cordell grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Long singled to right . Nola walked , Long to second . Seager singled to right center , Long scored , Nola to second . Herrera pitching for White Sox . Lewis homered to center ( 420 feet ) , Nola scored and Seager scored . Fry pitching for White Sox . Vogelbach walked . Broxton ran for Vogelbach . Cordero pitching for White Sox . Murphy struck out swinging . Narváez hit for Moore . Osich pitching for White Sox . Narváez flied out to right . Lopes walked , Broxton to second . Smith singled to left , Broxton scored , Lopes to second . Long grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Broxton as designated hitter . Crawford at shortstop . Adams pitching for Mariners . Anderson struck out swinging . Moncada struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Nola reached on infield single to shortstop . Seager flied out to center . Lewis singled to right , Nola to second , Nola safe at third on error by right fielder Cordell . Bishop ran for Nola . Gordon hit for Broxton . Gordon intentionally walked , Lewis to second . Murphy walked , Bishop scored , Gordon to second , Lewis to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : White Sox 10 - Mariners 11 .	White Sox walk home winning run , Lewis HRs in Mariners ' win