White Sox - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Sánchez struck out swinging . Anderson doubled to deep right . Abreu fouled out to right , Anderson to third . Moncada grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Cease pitching for White Sox . Reyes grounded out to first . Castro flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Jiménez tripled to deep center . Collins doubled to deep right , Jiménez scored . McCann singled to left , Collins to third . Palka lined out to shortstop . Engel struck out swinging . Sánchez singled to left , Collins scored on error by left fielder Stewart , McCann to second , McCann safe at third on error by left fielder Stewart . Anderson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Cease pitching for White Sox . Stewart doubled to center . Candelario grounded out to second , Stewart to third . Mercer struck out swinging . Rodríguez walked . Hicks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Abreu reached on infield single to third , Abreu safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Rodríguez . Moncada homered to right center ( 411 feet ) , Abreu scored . Jiménez struck out swinging . Collins flied out to center . McCann grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Cease pitching for White Sox . Demeritte walked . Reyes grounded out to first , Demeritte to second . Castro reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera singled to shallow right , Demeritte scored , Castro to third . Stewart struck out swinging . Candelario grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Palka singled to center , Palka safe at second on error by center fielder Reyes . Engel struck out swinging . Sánchez doubled to deep right , Palka scored . Anderson singled to right , Sánchez to third . Abreu struck out swinging , Anderson stole second . Moncada intentionally walked . Jiménez homered to right ( 348 feet ) , Sánchez scored , Anderson scored and Moncada scored . Ramirez pitching for Tigers . Collins struck out looking . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Mercer struck out swinging . Rodríguez lined out to second . Hicks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Ramirez pitching for Tigers . McCann grounded out to third . Palka grounded out to shortstop . Engel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Demeritte struck out swinging . Reyes singled to left . Castro grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Reyes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Schreiber pitching for Tigers . Sánchez singled to right . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sánchez out at second . Abreu fouled out to right . Moncada singled to left center , Anderson to second . Jiménez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Dixon hit for Cabrera . Cease pitching for White Sox . Dixon popped out to second . Stewart struck out swinging . Candelario doubled to center . Mercer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Dixon as designated hitter . Soto pitching for Tigers . Collins struck out swinging . McCann walked . Palka singled to left center , McCann to second . Engel doubled to left , McCann scored , Palka to third . Sánchez lined out to first . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Mendick at third base . Herrera pitching for White Sox . Rodríguez fouled out to third . Hicks fouled out to catcher . Demeritte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Reininger pitching for Tigers . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Mendick singled to right . Jiménez singled to shallow left , Mendick to second . Collins struck out looking . McCann struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Bañuelos pitching for White Sox . Reyes singled to right center . Castro lined into double play , shortstop to first , Reyes doubled off first . Dixon popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Palka singled to center . Engel struck out swinging . Sánchez doubled to right , Palka to third . Goins hit for Anderson . Goins popped out to third . Abreu flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Goins at shortstop . Banuelos pitching for White Sox . Stewart grounded out to second . Candelario grounded out to third . Mercer singled to left . Rodríguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 10 - Tigers 1 .	Jiménez 's slam helps White Sox rout Tigers 10 - 1