Twins - Top 1st. Jones popped out to shortstop. Guzman doubled to left. Koskie grounded out to first, Guzman to third. Hunter doubled to right, Guzman scored. Mientkiewicz doubled to right, Hunter scored. Mohr struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Mays pitching for Twins. Grissom safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Rivas. Durham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Grissom out at second. Aurilia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Pierzynski singled to right center. Rivas grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pierzynski out at second. Mays singled to shallow right center. Jones flied out to right center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Mays pitching for Twins. Bonds reached on infield single to second. Santiago popped out to shallow center. Snow singled to right, Bonds to third. Alfonzo grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Snow out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Guzman doubled to deep left center. Guzman stole third. Koskie singled to right, Guzman scored, Koskie out at second. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Mientkiewicz grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Mays pitching for Twins. Benard flied out to deep right center. Moss singled to center. Grissom singled to center, Moss to third, Grissom out stretching at second. Durham grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Mohr flied out to right. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Rivas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Mays pitching for Twins. Aurilia popped out to shortstop. Bonds homered to right center. Santiago grounded out to pitcher. Snow flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Mays walked. Jones struck out swinging. Guzman flied out to left. Koskie singled to center, Mays to second. Hunter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Mays pitching for Twins. Alfonzo flied out to center. Benard doubled to deep left center. Moss singled to left, Benard scored. Grissom grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Moss out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Mientkiewicz hit ground rule double to deep right center. Mohr grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski singled to right, Mientkiewicz scored, Pierzynski to second advancing on throw. Rivas reached on infield single to shortstop. Mays sacrificed to pitcher, Pierzynski to third, Rivas to second. Jones grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Mays pitching for Twins. Durham singled to right center. Aurilia flied out to right. Bonds grounded out to pitcher, Durham to second. Santiago singled to right, Durham scored. Snow walked, Santiago to second. Alfonzo lined out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Guzman grounded out to second. Koskie struck out swinging. Hunter walked. Mientkiewicz homered to right, Hunter scored. Mohr flied out to right. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Santana pitching for Twins. Feliz hit for Benard. Feliz struck out swinging. Perez hit for Moss. Perez singled to left. Grissom safe at first on error by third baseman Koskie, Perez to second. Durham walked, Perez to third, Grissom to second. Hawkins pitching for Twins. Feliz in right field. Perez at shortstop. Zerbe pitching for Giants. Aurilia grounded into double play, third to second to first, Durham out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Zerbe pitching for Giants. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Rivas walked. Hawkins sacrificed to first, Rivas to second. Jones flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Hawkins pitching for Twins. Bonds flied out to shallow left. Santiago grounded out to shortstop. Snow safe at first on error by first baseman Mientkiewicz. Snow to second on wild pitch by Hawkins. Alfonzo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Zerbe pitching for Giants. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Koskie popped out to shallow right center. Hunter doubled to right. Mientkiewicz popped out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Guardado pitching for Twins. Feliz flied out to shallow right. Perez flied out to shallow center. Grissom homered to left. Durham struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 6 - Giants 4.	Twins roll Moss, bring lumber to PacBell