Mariners - Top 1st. Lohse pitching for Twins. Suzuki grounded out to second. Winn flied out to catcher. Boone grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Stewart doubled to left. Rivas grounded out to second, Stewart to third. Mientkiewicz grounded out to first, Stewart scored. Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Lohse pitching for Twins. Martinez walked. Olerud grounded into double play, third to second to third to second, Martinez out at second. Cameron grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Jones singled to center. Gomez singled to left, Jones to third. Mohr grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones scored, Gomez out at second. Guzman doubled to left. Stewart singled to left, Guzman scored, Stewart to second advancing on throw. Rivas lined out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Lohse pitching for Twins. Davis singled to left. McLemore flied out to center. Bloomquist flied out to center. Suzuki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Mientkiewicz flied out to right. Hunter homered to left. Pierzynski flied out to deep right. Jones struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Lohse pitching for Twins. Winn flied out to center. Boone struck out swinging. Martinez singled to left. Olerud grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Gomez singled to center. Mohr struck out swinging. Guzman grounded out to first, Gomez to second. Stewart lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Lohse pitching for Twins. Cameron flied out to right. Davis flied out to right. McLemore flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Rivas grounded out to third. Mientkiewicz flied out to right. Hunter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Lohse pitching for Twins. Bloomquist singled to center. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bloomquist out at second. Winn grounded into fielder's choice to second, Suzuki out at second. Boone flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Pierzynski singled to right center. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierzynski out at second. Jones stole second. Mabry hit for Martinez. Gomez flied into double play, center to second, Jones doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Lohse pitching for Twins. Mabry flied out to right. Olerud grounded out to third. Cameron doubled to left. Davis walked. McLemore doubled to right, Cameron and Davis scored. Hawkins pitching for Twins. Bloomquist reached on infield single to second, McLemore to third. Suzuki singled to right, McLemore scored, Bloomquist to third. Winn singled to center, Bloomquist scored, Suzuki to second. Boone struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Mohr lined out to second. Guzman singled to left. Morneau hit for Rivas. Stewart struck out looking, Guzman stole second. Guzman to third on wild pitch by Pineiro. Morneau walked. Hocking ran for Morneau. Rhodes pitching for Mariners. Hocking at second base. Romero pitching for Twins. Mientkiewicz lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Romero pitching for Twins. Mabry grounded out to pitcher. Olerud singled to left center. Rincon pitching for Twins. Cameron struck out looking. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Rhodes pitching for Mariners. Hunter singled to left. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hunter out at second. Jones singled to deep right, Pierzynski to third. Nelson pitching for Mariners. Gomez singled to center, Pierzynski scored, Jones to second. Mohr struck out swinging. Guardado pitching for Twins. Guzman flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Guardado pitching for Twins. McLemore grounded out to third. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Suzuki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 4 - Twins 5.	Twins continue hot streak with win over M's