Twins - Top 1st. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Stewart safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Sadler. Rivas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stewart out at second. Mientkiewicz singled to center, Rivas to third. LeCroy singled to right, Rivas scored, Mientkiewicz to third. Koskie struck out swinging. Hunter grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Radke pitching for Twins. Young flied out to right. Blalock doubled to left. Rodriguez homered to left, Blalock scored. Palmeiro homered to right. Teixeira reached on infield single to second. Nix popped into double play, shortstop to first, Teixeira doubled off first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Pierzynski singled to right. Mohr flied out to center. Hocking singled to right, Pierzynski to second. Stewart grounded into double play, second to first, Hocking out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Radke pitching for Twins. Jones homered to center. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. Sadler singled to left, Sadler thrown out at second. Young bunt popped out foul to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Rivas walked. Mientkiewicz flied out to deep center. Rivas stole second. LeCroy struck out swinging. Koskie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Radke pitching for Twins. Blalock singled to center. Rodriguez singled to center, Blalock to second. Palmeiro walked, Blalock to third, Rodriguez to second. Teixeira popped out to shallow right. Nix singled to right, Blalock scored, Rodriguez to third, Palmeiro to second. Pulido pitching for Twins. Jones hit sacrifice fly to left, Rodriguez scored. Diaz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nix out at second, Palmeiro to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Hunter grounded out to first. Pierzynski singled to left. Mohr flied out to center. Hocking homered to right, Pierzynski scored. Stewart flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Pulido pitching for Twins. Sadler popped out to shallow left center. Young grounded out to shortstop. Blalock popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Rivas reached on infield single to shortstop. Mientkiewicz lined out to right. LeCroy struck out looking. Koskie walked, Rivas to second. Hunter doubled to left, Rivas scored, Koskie to third. Pierzynski intentionally walked. Mohr walked, Koskie scored, Hunter to third, Pierzynski to second. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Hocking walked, Hunter scored, Pierzynski to third, Mohr to second. Stewart struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Pulido pitching for Twins. Rodriguez singled to deep left. Palmeiro flied out to center. Teixeira singled to left, Rodriguez to second. Nix struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Rivas doubled to left center. Mientkiewicz grounded out to first, Rivas to third. LeCroy singled to left center, Rivas scored. Koskie struck out swinging. Hunter singled to left, LeCroy to second. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Balfour pitching for Twins. Pierzynski grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Balfour pitching for Twins. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. Sadler struck out swinging. Young lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Mohr struck out looking. Hocking doubled to left. Stewart flied out to center, Hocking to third. Romero pitching for Twins. Rivas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Romero pitching for Twins. Blalock homered to right. Rodriguez walked. Palmeiro singled to right, Rodriguez to second. Teixeira homered to left, Rodriguez and Palmeiro scored. Nix walked. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Nix out at second. Diaz singled to left. Mays pitching for Twins. Nix in left field. Nivar in center field. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Sadler flied out to left center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Fultz pitching for Rangers. Mientkiewicz grounded out to second. LeCroy walked. Koskie singled to right center, LeCroy to third. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Hunter singled to right, LeCroy scored, Koskie to third. Ryan hit for Mohr. Pierzynski hit sacrifice fly to center, Koskie scored. Ryan in right field. Ryan grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Mays pitching for Twins. Young grounded out to shortstop. Blalock singled to right. Rodriguez walked, Blalock to second. Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop, Blalock to third, Rodriguez to second. Spencer in left field. Teixeira at first base. Nix in right field. Teixeira grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Hocking walked. Stewart walked, Hocking to second. Jones hit for Mientkiewicz. Rivas sacrificed to catcher, Hocking to third, Stewart to second. Jones hit sacrifice fly to left, Hocking scored. Gomez at shortstop. Hocking at first base. Guardado pitching for Twins. LeCroy struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Guardado pitching for Twins. Nix singled to center. Nivar sacrificed to first, Nix to second. Nix to third on wild pitch by Guardado. Diaz singled to left, Nix scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 10 - Rangers 11.	History-making homers lead Rangers past Twins