Royals - Top 1st . Norris pitching for Astros . Lough grounded out to first . Johnson grounded out to first . Gordon singled to right . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Royals . Grossman popped out to shortstop . Altuve lined out to left . Castro walked . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Norris pitching for Astros . Hosmer flied out to left . Cain walked . Moustakas grounded out to first , Cain to second . Kottaras flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Royals . Carter popped out to catcher . Pena grounded out to first . Paredes singled to center . Dominguez fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Norris pitching for Astros . Getz flied out to center . Lough grounded out to shortstop . Johnson singled to center , Johnson out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Royals . Gonzalez singled to center . Grossman struck out swinging . Altuve grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Norris pitching for Astros . Gordon singled to left . Gordon caught stealing second , catcher to second . Butler singled to center . Hosmer flied out to left . Cain lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Royals . Castro struck out swinging . Martinez singled to left . Carter struck out swinging . Pena singled to right , Martinez to third . Paredes homered to right ( 363 feet ) , Martinez and Pena scored . Dominguez singled to center . Gonzalez walked , Dominguez to second . Grossman grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Norris pitching for Astros . Moustakas flied out to left . Kottaras walked . Getz grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Kottaras out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Royals . Altuve struck out looking . Castro struck out swinging . Martinez doubled to right . Carter walked . Pena popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Norris pitching for Astros . Lough struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . Gordon singled to right center . Butler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Davis pitching for Royals . Paredes walked . Dominguez singled to right , Paredes to second . Gutierrez pitching for Royals . Paredes picked off second . Gonzalez lined out to second , Dominguez safe at first on missed catch error by Hosmer . Grossman singled to center , Dominguez to second . Altuve flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Blackley pitching for Astros . Hosmer singled to right . Cain singled to center , Hosmer to second . Moustakas grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cain out at second , Hosmer to third . Kottaras struck out swinging . Escobar hit for Getz . Clemens pitching for Astros . Escobar singled to center , Hosmer scored , Moustakas to second . Lough singled to right , Moustakas scored , Escobar to second . Escobar to third , Lough to second on passed ball by Castro . Johnson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Johnson at second base . Escobar at shortstop . Chen pitching for Royals . Castro grounded out to first . Martinez walked . Barnes ran for Martinez . Carter popped out to second . Barnes caught stealing second , Barnes safe at third on error by Escobar . Pena popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Grossman in left field . Barnes in center field . Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros . Gordon walked . Butler singled to right , Gordon to second . Francoeur ran for Butler . Wright pitching for Astros . Hosmer singled to center , Gordon to third , Francoeur to second . Cisnero pitching for Astros . Cain struck out looking . Moustakas singled to right , Gordon scored , Francoeur to third , Hosmer to second . Kottaras walked , Francoeur scored , Hosmer to third , Moustakas to second . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hosmer scored , Kottaras out at second , Moustakas to third , Moustakas scored on throwing error by shortstop Gonzalez . Lough struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Chen pitching for Royals . Paredes singled to left . Crow pitching for Royals . Dominguez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Paredes out at second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Cisnero pitching for Astros . Johnson reached on infield single to first . Johnson stole second . Gordon struck out swinging . Johnson stole third . Johnson scored on Castro 's passed ball . Francoeur struck out swinging . Hosmer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Holland pitching for Royals . Grossman walked . Altuve struck out swinging . Castro struck out swinging . Crowe hit for Barnes . Grossman to second on fielder 's indifference . Crowe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 7 - Astros 3 .	Royals score four runs in 8th to beat Astros