Pirates - Top 1st . Hill pitching for Padres . Morgan walked . Sanchez hit ground rule double to deep left , Morgan to third . Monroe singled to right , Morgan scored , Sanchez to third . Ad LaRoche grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Sanchez scored , Monroe out at second . Hinske hit by pitch . An LaRoche singled to left , Hinske to second . Vazquez flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Duke pitching for Pirates . Hairston struck out swinging . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Hill pitching for Padres . Jaramillo doubled to deep left . Duke sacrificed to third , Jaramillo to third . Morgan struck out looking . Sanchez singled to shallow right , Jaramillo scored . Monroe lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Headley grounded out to third . Kouzmanoff singled to left . Hundley popped out to first . Burke lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Geer pitching for Padres . Ad LaRoche grounded out to second . Hinske grounded out to pitcher . An LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Gerut grounded out to first . Geer bunt grounded out to pitcher . Hairston walked . Eckstein singled to left center , Hairston to second . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Geer pitching for Padres . Vazquez singled to right . Jaramillo doubled to deep right , Vazquez to third . Duke hit sacrifice fly to center , Vazquez scored , Jaramillo to third . Morgan hit sacrifice fly to center , Jaramillo scored . Sanchez lined out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Headley singled to center . Kouzmanoff grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Headley out at second . Hundley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Geer pitching for Padres . Monroe flied out to center . Ad LaRoche popped out to second . Hinske singled to right . An LaRoche doubled to deep right , Hinske scored . Vazquez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Burke flied out to left . Gerut grounded out to second . Geer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Geer pitching for Padres . Jaramillo lined out to third . Duke struck out swinging . Morgan singled to center . Sanchez singled to right , Morgan to second . Monroe doubled to deep right center , Morgan and Sanchez scored . Ad LaRoche grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Hairston tripled to deep center . Eckstein flied out to left . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Hairston scored . Headley struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . De La Cruz pitching for Padres . Gonzalez at second base . Hinske walked . An LaRoche grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Hinske out at second . Vazquez walked . Jaramillo walked , Vazquez to second . Duke flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Kouzmanoff lined out to left . Hundley popped out to shortstop . Burke walked . Gerut struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . De La Cruz pitching for Padres . Morgan walked . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morgan out at second . Monroe reached on infield single to shortstop , Sanchez to second , Sanchez to third on throwing error by shortstop Burke . Ad LaRoche walked , Monroe to second . Hinske singled to right , Sanchez scored , Monroe to third , Ad LaRoche to second . An LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to right , Monroe scored , Ad LaRoche to third . Vazquez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 8th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Hairston flied out to center . Blanco hit for De La Cruz . Blanco popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Jaramillo grounded out to shortstop . Duke struck out swinging . Morgan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez singled to right . Headley flied out to right . Kouzmanoff reached on infield single to third , Gonzalez to second . Meek pitching for Pirates . Hundley flied out to center . Burke grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 10 - Padres 1 .	Duke dominates Padres to propel Pirates