Padres - Top 1st . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera struck out looking . Gwynn grounded out to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Silva pitching for Padres . Lopez singled to right . Drew singled to right , Lopez to third . Upton hit sacrifice fly to center , Lopez scored . Reynolds flied out to right . Montero fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Kouzmanoff flied out to right . Headley singled to right , Headley to second on error by right fielder Upton . Venable grounded out to shortstop , Headley to third . Alfonzo singled to left , Headley scored . Rodriguez singled to center , Alfonzo to second . Silva singled to right , Alfonzo to third , Rodriguez to second . Alfonzo scored , Rodriguez to third , Silva to second on wild pitch by Garland . Cabrera flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Silva pitching for Padres . Parra grounded out to second . Clark flied out to left . Young struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Gwynn grounded out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Kouzmanoff flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Silva pitching for Padres . Garland singled to center . Lopez singled to left , Garland to second . Drew grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lopez out at second . Upton homered to center , Garland scored . Reynolds popped out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Headley doubled to deep center . Venable grounded out to first , Headley to third . Alfonzo struck out swinging . Rodriguez walked . Silva struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Silva pitching for Padres . Montero singled to right . Parra singled to right , Montero to second . Clark grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Parra out at second , Montero to third . Young walked , Clark to second . Ekstrom pitching for Padres . Garland popped out to second . Lopez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera walked . Gwynn singled to center , Cabrera to second . Gonzalez singled to left , Cabrera scored , Gwynn to third . Kouzmanoff lined out to shortstop . Headley popped out to third . Venable grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Ekstrom pitching for Padres . Drew popped out to third . Upton grounded out to second . Reynolds walked . Reynolds stole second . Montero flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Alfonzo singled to center . Rodriguez flied out to right . Ekstrom sacrificed to first , Alfonzo to second . Cabrera lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Ekstrom pitching for Padres . Parra singled to center . Clark grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Parra out at second . Young fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Schoeneweis pitching for Diamondbacks . Gwynn singled to right . Gwynn stole second . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Gwynn to third . Parra in center field . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Romero in left field . Kouzmanoff doubled to deep left , Gwynn scored . Headley flied out to center . Venable reached on infield single to shortstop , Kouzmanoff to third . Alfonzo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Burke pitching for Padres . Romero grounded out to pitcher . Lopez singled to left . Drew walked , Lopez to second . Upton struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Blanks hit for Burke . Blanks flied out to center . Cabrera walked . Cabrera stole second . Cabrera stole third , Cabrera scored on throwing error by catcher Montero . Gwynn reached on bunt single to third . Gwynn to second on wild pitch by Gutierrez . Gonzalez walked . Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Kouzmanoff lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Montero doubled to deep left center . Parra singled to center , Montero scored . Clark grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Parra out at second . Tracy hit for Vasquez . Tracy homered to right center . Romero grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Tracy at first base . Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks . Headley reached on infield single to first . Venable grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Headley out at second . Alfonzo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Meredith pitching for Padres . Lopez lined out to center . Drew flied out to left . Upton walked . Upton stole second . Reynolds singled to left , Upton scored . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 5 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Reynolds finishes D - backs rally with walk - off hit