Brewers - Top 1st . Gaudin pitching for Padres . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Counsell grounded out to first . Braun flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Looper pitching for Brewers . Gwynn singled to right center , Gwynn to second on error by right fielder Hart . Eckstein sacrificed to third , Gwynn to third . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop , Gwynn scored . Blanks walked . Headley singled to center , Blanks to second . Venable struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 2nd . Gaudin pitching for Padres . Fielder walked . Hart singled to left , Fielder to second . Cameron singled to right , Fielder to third , Hart to second . Hardy struck out swinging . Kendall struck out swinging . Looper singled to center , Fielder and Hart scored , Cameron to third . Lopez singled to left , Cameron scored , Looper to second . Counsell walked , Looper to third , Lopez to second . Braun safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Headley , Looper scored , Lopez to third , Counsell to second . Fielder singled to center , Lopez and Counsell scored , Braun to second , Braun to third on error by center fielder Gwynn . Hart doubled to deep left , Braun scored , Fielder to third . Mujica pitching for Padres . Cameron walked . Hardy flied out to left . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 2 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Looper pitching for Brewers . Blanco singled to center . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Blanco out at second . Mujica sacrificed to pitcher , Cabrera to second . Gwynn flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Mujica pitching for Padres . Kendall flied out to left . Looper flied out to right . Lopez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Looper pitching for Brewers . Eckstein singled to right . Gonzalez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Eckstein out at second . Blanks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Mujica pitching for Padres . Counsell grounded out to first . Braun grounded out to shortstop . Fielder doubled to deep right . Hart flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Looper pitching for Brewers . Headley singled to right . Venable homered to left , Headley scored . Blanco struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to right . Mujica reached on infield single to shortstop . Gwynn singled to left , Mujica to second . Eckstein doubled to deep center , Mujica and Gwynn scored . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Mujica pitching for Padres . Cameron struck out swinging . Hardy struck out swinging . Kendall fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Looper pitching for Brewers . Blanks homered to left . Headley grounded out to second . Venable grounded out to second . Blanco flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Gerut hit for Looper . Mujica pitching for Padres . Gerut grounded out to first . Lopez grounded out to second . Counsell walked . Braun flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Dillard pitching for Brewers . Cabrera reached on infield single to pitcher , Cabrera to second on error by first baseman Fielder . Salazar hit for Mujica . Salazar doubled to deep right center , Cabrera scored . Gwynn singled to center , Salazar to third , Gwynn to second advancing on throw . Eckstein hit sacrifice fly to center , Salazar scored . Stetter pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez struck out looking . Blanks singled to left , Gwynn scored . Headley walked , Blanks to second . Venable grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blanks out at third , Headley to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 7th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Kouzmanoff at third base . Fielder singled to center . Hart struck out swinging . Cameron struck out swinging . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fielder out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Smith pitching for Brewers . Blanco struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . Kouzmanoff doubled to deep left . Gwynn flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Adams pitching for Padres . Kendall walked . Catalanotto hit for Smith . Catalanotto grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kendall out at second . Lopez struck out looking . Catalanotto stole second . Counsell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Swindle pitching for Brewers . Eckstein flied out to center . Gonzalez doubled to deep right . Blanks intentionally walked . Rodriguez hit for Adams . Rodriguez singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Blanks to third . Venable grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Blanks scored , Rodriguez out at second . Blanco grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Bell pitching for Padres . Braun singled to center . Braun to second on wild pitch by Bell . Fielder lined out to third . Hart grounded out to shortstop , Braun to third . Cameron flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 7 - Padres 11 .	Eckstein powers Padres to fourth straight victory