Cardinals - Top 1st . Carrillo pitching for Padres . Schumaker singled to right . Ryan singled to center , Schumaker to second . Pujols walked , Schumaker to third , Ryan to second . Holliday fouled out to first . Ludwick popped out to shortstop . Ankiel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Smoltz pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop . Gwynn grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera safe at second on error by shortstop Ryan . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gwynn out at second , Cabrera to third . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Carrillo pitching for Padres . DeRosa flied out to center . Molina walked . Smoltz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina out at second . Schumaker singled to center , Smoltz to second . Ryan singled to center , Smoltz scored , Schumaker to second . Schumaker to third , Ryan to second on wild pitch by Carrillo . Pujols intentionally walked . Holliday walked , Schumaker scored , Ryan to third , Pujols to second . Ludwick singled to left , Ryan and Pujols scored , Holliday to second . Ankiel struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Smoltz pitching for Cardinals . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Venable struck out looking . Hundley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Carrillo pitching for Padres . DeRosa walked . Molina walked , DeRosa to second . Mujica pitching for Padres . Smoltz reached on bunt single to third , DeRosa to third , Molina to second . Schumaker lined into double play , shortstop to second , Molina doubled off second . Ryan flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Smoltz pitching for Cardinals . Rodriguez struck out looking . Mujica struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Mujica pitching for Padres . Pujols homered to right . Holliday flied out to right . Ludwick struck out swinging . Ankiel struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Smoltz pitching for Cardinals . Gwynn singled to left . Gonzalez flied out to right . Headley struck out looking . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Mujica pitching for Padres . DeRosa singled to center . Molina flied out to right . Smoltz bunted into fielder 's choice to first , DeRosa out at second . Schumaker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Smoltz pitching for Cardinals . Venable doubled to deep right . Hundley popped out to first . Rodriguez grounded out to second , Venable to third . Blanks hit for Mujica . Blanks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Burke pitching for Padres . Ryan grounded out to shortstop . Pujols flied out to center . Holliday flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera singled to center . Gwynn walked , Cabrera to second . Gonzalez singled to deep right , Cabrera scored , Gwynn to second . Headley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gonzalez out at second , Gwynn to third . Kouzmanoff popped out to first . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Venable grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Burke pitching for Padres . Ludwick singled to right center . Ankiel struck out swinging . DeRosa walked , Ludwick to second . Molina singled to right , Ludwick to third , DeRosa to second . Thurston hit for Reyes . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Lugo hit for Thurston . Lugo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Hundley homered to center . Rodriguez flied out to left . Eckstein hit for Thatcher . Eckstein grounded out to third . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera flied out to center . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Schumaker grounded out to second . Ryan struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Gwynn grounded out to first . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Headley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Bell pitching for Padres . Holliday walked . Ludwick struck out swinging . Ankiel grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Holliday safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Rodriguez . DeRosa lined into double play , second to shortstop , Holliday doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 9th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Kouzmanoff walked . Venable doubled to deep left center , Kouzmanoff to third . Hundley grounded out to third . Rodriguez walked . Salazar hit for Bell . Salazar struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Padres 2 .	Smoltz wins in Cards debut \n\n