Padres - Top 1st . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Eckstein flied out to left . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Correia pitching for Padres . Coghlan doubled to deep left . Helms singled to center , Coghlan scored , Helms out stretching at second . Ramirez flied out to right . Cantu flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Kouzmanoff doubled to deep left . Venable singled to center , Kouzmanoff scored . Venable stole second . Blanks homered to center , Venable scored . Blanco doubled to left . Gwynn grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Blanco out at third . Gwynn to second . Correia grounded out to third , Gwynn to third . Cabrera reached on bunt single to second , Gwynn scored . Cabrera stole second . Eckstein singled to left center , Cabrera scored . Gonzalez walked , Eckstein to second . Kouzmanoff walked , Eckstein to third , Gonzalez to second . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Venable reached on infield single to second , Eckstein scored , Gonzalez to third , Kouzmanoff to second . Headley hit for Blanks . Headley grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Headley in left field . Correia pitching for Padres . Baker struck out looking . Uggla lined out to left . Ross doubled to deep left . Hermida flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Blanco struck out swinging . Gwynn hit by pitch . Correia sacrificed to first , Gwynn to second , Correia safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Sanches . Cabrera doubled to right , Gwynn scored , Correia to third . Eckstein popped out to second . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gonzalez out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Correia pitching for Padres . Sanches grounded out to shortstop . Coghlan grounded out to second . Helms struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Venable popped out to shortstop . Headley singled to right . Blanco lined out to shortstop . Gwynn flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Correia pitching for Padres . Ramirez singled to right center . Cantu walked , Ramirez to second . Baker doubled to deep left , Ramirez scored , Cantu thrown out at home . Uggla struck out looking . Ross singled to center , Baker scored . Hermida singled to left , Ross to second . Sanchez hit for Sanches . Sanchez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Meyer pitching for Marlins . Correia struck out looking . Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Helms . Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Meyer . Eckstein doubled to deep left , Cabrera scored . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Kouzmanoff walked . Venable struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Correia pitching for Padres . Coghlan singled to left . Helms grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Coghlan out at second . Ramirez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Meyer pitching for Marlins . Headley singled to left . Blanco doubled to deep left , Headley to third . Gwynn lined out to shortstop . Correia struck out swinging . Cabrera lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Correia pitching for Padres . Cantu singled to center . Baker flied out to center . Uggla lined out to left . Ross flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Eckstein singled to right . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Kouzmanoff walked , Eckstein to second . Venable struck out swinging . Headley singled to center , Eckstein scored , Kouzmanoff to third . Blanco grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Correia pitching for Padres . Hermida flied out to left . Carroll hit for Pinto . Carroll singled to left . Coghlan flied out to left . Helms doubled to deep left , Carroll scored . Russell pitching for Padres . Macias in left field . Ramirez walked . Cantu walked , Helms to third , Ramirez to second . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Paulino hit for Baker . Paulino grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cantu out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Paulino catching . Calero pitching for Marlins . Gwynn singled to right . Macias lined out to right . Gwynn caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Salazar at first base . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Uggla grounded out to second . Ross struck out swinging . Hermida flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Eckstein struck out swinging . Salazar doubled to deep center . Kouzmanoff grounded out to third . Venable fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Burke pitching for Padres . Gload hit for Lindstrom . Gload doubled to deep right center . Coghlan singled to center , Gload scored . Helms grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Coghlan out at second . Ramirez reached on infield single to third . Cantu grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 9 - Marlins 5 .	Blanks two - run homer powers Padres ' outburst