Rockies - Top 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Fowler flied out to right . Smith grounded out to second . Helton reached on infield single to second . Helton to second on passed ball by Hundley . Tulowitzki walked . Helton to third , Tulowitzki to second on passed ball by Hundley . Atkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Cabrera struck out swinging . Eckstein singled to right . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Eckstein out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Spilborghs flied out to center . Torrealba grounded out to second . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Headley flied out to left . Venable homered to left . Macias grounded out to second . Hundley struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Marquis struck out swinging . Fowler bunt popped out to first . Smith reached on infield single to second . Smith caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher . Helton batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Gwynn reached on infield single to second . Richard sacrificed to first , Gwynn to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Eckstein grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Helton walked . Tulowitzki walked , Helton to second . Atkins tripled to deep right , Helton and Tulowitzki scored . Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop , Atkins scored . Torrealba struck out swinging . Barmes struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez lined out to first . Headley lined out to left . Venable flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Marquis struck out swinging . Fowler struck out swinging . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Macias singled to right center . Hundley singled to left , Macias to second . Gwynn sacrificed to pitcher , Macias to third , Hundley to second . Gonzalez hit for Richard . Gonzalez singled to right , Macias scored , Hundley to third . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hundley out at home , Gonzalez to second . Eckstein grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Russell pitching for Padres . Helton walked . Tulowitzki singled to center , Helton to second . Atkins struck out looking . Spilborghs struck out looking . Torrealba popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez doubled to deep right . Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Marquis . Headley walked . Venable grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at home , Venable to second , Headley to second , Headley to third advancing on throw . Macias intentionally walked . Hundley reached on infield single to shortstop , Headley scored , Venable to third , Macias to second . Gwynn hit sacrifice fly to center , Venable scored . Salazar hit for Russell . Salazar walked , Macias to third , Hundley to second . Cabrera walked , Macias scored , Hundley to third , Salazar to second . Rincon pitching for Rockies . Murton in right field . Eckstein popped out to catcher . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Barmes grounded out to third . Murton grounded out to shortstop . Fowler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Beimel pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez tripled to deep center . Headley hit sacrifice fly to center , Gonzalez scored . Venable singled to left . Macias reached on bunt single to shortstop , Venable to second . Peralta pitching for Rockies . Hundley struck out swinging . Gwynn flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Smith flied out to right . Helton walked . Webb pitching for Padres . Tulowitzki singled to center , Helton to second . Giambi hit for Atkins . Giambi walked , Helton to third , Tulowitzki to second . McCoy ran for Giambi . Stewart hit for Peralta . Stewart grounded into double play , third to first , Tulowitzki out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Stewart at third base . Rodriguez hit for Webb . Rodriguez walked . Cabrera flied out to left . Eckstein struck out swinging . Gonzalez singled to right center , Rodriguez to third . Headley singled to left , Rodriguez scored , Gonzalez to third . Headley stole second . Venable flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Torrealba struck out swinging . Young Jr. hit for Barmes . Young Jr. singled to right . Gonzalez hit for Murton . Young Jr. to second on fielder 's indifference . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 3 - Padres 7 .	Padres rally , beat wild - card leading Rockies