Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Mujica pitching for Padres . Young popped out to shortstop . Drew grounded out to first . Upton doubled to deep left center . Montero struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop . Gwynn sacrificed to first , Cabrera to second . Salazar struck out looking . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Mujica pitching for Padres . Reynolds struck out swinging . Parra grounded out to third . Allen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez flied out to center . Blanco singled to left center . Macias struck out looking . Durango reached on bunt single to pitcher , Blanco to second , Blanco to third , Durango to second on throwing error by pitcher Davis . Mujica grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Mujica pitching for Padres . Ojeda flied out to center . Davis grounded out to pitcher . Young singled to center . Drew grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera reached on bunt single to pitcher . Gwynn singled to center , Cabrera to second . Salazar flied out to right , Cabrera to third . Headley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera scored , Gwynn out at second . Gonzalez walked , Headley to second . Blanco flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Mujica pitching for Padres . Upton singled to right . Montero fouled out to shortstop . Reynolds struck out swinging . Upton caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Parra batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Macias walked . Durango sacrificed to pitcher , Macias to second . Mujica grounded out to third . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Mujica pitching for Padres . Parra struck out swinging . Allen singled to right . Ojeda tripled to right , Allen scored . Davis popped out to shortstop . Young doubled to deep left , Ojeda scored . Webb pitching for Padres . Drew popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Gwynn walked . Salazar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gwynn out at second . Headley walked . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Padres . Upton tripled to deep right center . Montero safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Webb , Upton scored . Reynolds struck out swinging . Poreda pitching for Padres . Parra popped out to shortstop . Allen walked . Ojeda walked , Montero to third , Allen to second . Gallagher pitching for Padres . Davis flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 6th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Blanco walked . Macias hit by pitch , Blanco to second . Durango reached on bunt single to pitcher , Blanco to third , Macias to second . Hundley hit for Gallagher . Hundley singled to left , Blanco scored , Macias to third , Durango to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Macias out at home , Durango to third , Hundley to second . Gwynn hit sacrifice fly to right , Durango scored . Salazar grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Russell pitching for Padres . Young safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera , Young to second on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . Drew walked . Upton singled to right , Young scored , Drew to second . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Montero singled to center , Drew to third , Upton to second . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Drew scored , Montero out at second , Upton to third . Parra struck out swinging . Reynolds stole second . Allen walked . Ojeda popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks . Headley flied out to left . Gonzalez flied out to right . Blanco doubled to deep left . Macias flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Byrnes hit for Rosales . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Byrnes walked . Young struck out swinging . Drew grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Byrnes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Zavada pitching for Diamondbacks . Durango struck out swinging . Venable hit for Perdomo . Venable struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Ramos pitching for Padres . Upton reached on infield single to second . Montero flied out to left . Reynolds struck out swinging . Parra singled to left , Upton to third , Parra to second advancing on throw . Allen fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gwynn walked . Salazar fouled out to catcher . Headley struck out swinging . Gonzalez hit for Gonzalez . Gonzalez homered to left , Gwynn scored . Blanco walked . Schoeneweis pitching for Diamondbacks . Macias grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Salazar at second base . Gonzalez at first base . Bell pitching for Padres . Ojeda grounded out to shortstop . Tracy hit for Schoeneweis . Tracy struck out looking . Young walked . Young caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Drew batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 10th . Petit pitching for Diamondbacks . Durango reached on infield single to first . Eckstein hit for Bell . Eckstein flied out to center . Durango stole second . Cabrera singled to right , Durango scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Padres 6 .	Gonzalez HR ties it in 9th and Padres win in 10th