Pirates - Top 1st . Pill pitching for Mets . Frazier struck out swinging . Harrison singled to left . Jaso singled to center , Harrison to second . Freese singled to center , Harrison scored , Jaso to second , Jaso to third , Freese to second on throwing error by left fielder Conforto . Bell grounded out to second , Jaso scored , Freese to third . McCutchen flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Pirates . Conforto doubled to deep left center . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher , Conforto to third . Bruce struck out swinging . Walker walked . Duda lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Pill pitching for Mets . Mercer struck out looking . Cervelli lined out to third . Williams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Flores doubled to deep right center . Granderson singled to center , Flores to third . d'Arnaud grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Flores scored , Granderson out at second . Pill flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Pill pitching for Mets . Frazier doubled to right . Harrison sacrificed to first , Frazier to third . Jaso doubled to shallow left , Frazier scored , Jaso to third on throwing error by left fielder Conforto . Freese hit sacrifice fly to right , Jaso scored . Bell grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Conforto singled to center . Cabrera lined out to right . Bruce singled to center , Conforto to second . Walker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bruce out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Pill pitching for Mets . McCutchen singled to left . Mercer grounded out to shortstop , McCutchen to second . Cervelli singled to left , McCutchen to third . Williams sacrificed to pitcher , Cervelli to second . Frazier reached on infield single to third , McCutchen scored , Cervelli to third . Harrison struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Duda flied out to left . Flores singled to center . Granderson flied out to center . d'Arnaud grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Pill pitching for Mets . Jaso struck out swinging . Freese popped out to first . Bell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . T.J. Rivera hit for Pill . Williams pitching for Pirates . T.J. Rivera flied out to left . Conforto flied out to center . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Sewald pitching for Mets . McCutchen flied out to left . Mercer flied out to center . Cervelli doubled to left . Williams struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Bruce singled to center . Walker popped out to third . Duda grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bruce out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Edgin pitching for Mets . Frazier popped out to shortstop . Harrison hit by pitch . Jaso grounded into double play , third to second to first , Harrison out at second . Moroff ran for Harrison . Freese singled to left , Moroff scored . Bell grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Moroff at second base . Williams pitching for Pirates . Flores struck out swinging . Granderson walked . d'Arnaud lined out to shortstop . Reyes hit for Edgin . Reyes grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Ramírez pitching for Mets . McCutchen singled to shallow left . Mercer singled to center , McCutchen to second . Cervelli walked , McCutchen to third , Mercer to second . Gosselin hit for Williams . Gosselin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCutchen scored , Cervelli out at second , Mercer to third . Frazier hit sacrifice fly to left , Mercer scored . Moroff flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Mariñez pitching for Pirates . Conforto walked . Cabrera grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Conforto out at second . Bruce lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Smoker pitching for Mets . Granderson in right field . Lagares in center field . Jaso walked . Freese singled to shallow left , Jaso to second . Bell struck out swinging . McCutchen homered to left center ( 397 feet ) , Jaso and Freese scored . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Cervelli singled to center . Osuna hit for Mariñez . Osuna flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 9th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Walker popped out to first . Duda flied out to left . Flores grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 11 - Mets 1 .	Odd 7th inning highlights Pirates ' rout of Mets