Mets - Top 1st . Straily pitching for Marlins . Aoki singled to left . Reyes walked , Aoki to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Smith lined out to center . Aoki stole third , Reyes stole second . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Harvey pitching for Mets . Gordon flied out to center . Telis singled to left . Stanton struck out swinging . Ozuna reached on infield single to shortstop , Telis to second . Bour singled to right , Telis scored , Ozuna to second , Ozuna to third advancing on throw . Anderson grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Straily pitching for Marlins . Nimmo struck out swinging . Lagares struck out swinging . Cecchini struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Harvey pitching for Mets . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Aviles popped out to shortstop . Straily singled to center . Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop , Straily to second . Telis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Straily pitching for Marlins . Harvey walked . Aoki lined out to center . Reyes struck out swinging . Cabrera walked , Harvey to second . Smith grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Harvey pitching for Mets . Stanton walked . Ozuna flied out to right . Bour doubled to deep right , Stanton to third . Stanton scored on Harvey 's wild pitch . Anderson grounded out to third . Suzuki intentionally walked . Aviles reached on infield single to third , Bour to third , Suzuki to second . Straily struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Straily pitching for Marlins . d'Arnaud grounded out to shortstop . Nimmo walked . Lagares grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Nimmo out at second . Lagares stole second . Cecchini singled to center , Lagares scored . Harvey struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Harvey pitching for Mets . Gordon reached on bunt single to third . Gordon stole second . Telis hit by pitch . Stanton homered to center ( 455 feet ) , Gordon and Telis scored . Ozuna singled to right . Bour flied out to center . Anderson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ozuna out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Straily pitching for Marlins . Aoki singled to left . Reyes lined out to right . Cabrera flied out to left . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Harvey pitching for Mets . Suzuki singled to left . Aviles singled to center , Suzuki to second . Yelich hit for Straily . Milone pitching for Mets . Yelich grounded out to pitcher , Suzuki to third , Aviles to second . Gordon tripled to center , Suzuki and Aviles scored . Telis walked . Robles pitching for Mets . Stanton singled to left center , Gordon scored , Telis to third . Ozuna singled to left center , Telis scored , Stanton to second . Bour grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ozuna out at second , Stanton to third . Anderson tripled to deep center , Stanton and Bour scored . Suzuki singled to right , Anderson scored . Goeddel pitching for Mets . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Dietrich at first base . McGowan pitching for Marlins . d'Arnaud walked . Nimmo singled to left center , d'Arnaud to second . Lagares struck out swinging . Cecchini grounded into double play , third to second to first , Nimmo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Flexen pitching for Mets . Dietrich struck out looking . Gordon singled to left . Telis grounded out to first , Gordon to second . Stanton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Worley pitching for Marlins . Evans hit for Flexen . Evans struck out swinging . Aoki singled to right . Reyes struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Reynolds at shortstop . Nido catching . Evans at third base . Rhame pitching for Mets . Ozuna homered to left center ( 392 feet ) . Worley grounded out to pitcher . Anderson walked . Suzuki popped out to shortstop . Aviles struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Richard Worley pitching for Marlins . Smith struck out looking . Nido singled to center . Nimmo grounded out to first , Nido to second . Lagares walked . Cecchini fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Callahan pitching for Mets . Dietrich grounded out to first . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Telis safe at first on error by shortstop Reynolds . Stanton lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 9th . Richard Worley pitching for Marlins . Evans reached on infield single to third . Aoki struck out looking . Reynolds reached on infield single to third , Evans to second , Evans to third on throwing error by third baseman Anderson . Taijeron hit for Callahan . Taijeron grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 1 - Marlins 13 .	Stanton hits 55th homer to help Marlins beat Mets 13 - 1