Rays - Top 1st . Ponson pitching for Yankees . Iwamura walked . Zobrist struck out swinging . Johnson singled to center , Iwamura to second . Floyd grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at second . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Garza pitching for Rays . Gardner walked . Jeter sacrificed to pitcher , Gardner to second . Abreu walked . Gardner to third , Abreu to second on balk by Garza . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to center , Gardner scored . Nady grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Ponson pitching for Yankees . Hinske grounded out to first . Navarro singled to right . Gross singled to right , Navarro to second . Perez sacrificed to second , Navarro to third , Gross to second . Iwamura struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Garza pitching for Rays . Cano singled to left . Betemit struck out looking . Rodriguez flied out to left . Ransom singled to left , Cano to second . Gardner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Ponson pitching for Yankees . Zobrist doubled to left . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Zobrist out at third . Floyd walked , Johnson to second . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Floyd out at second , Johnson to third . Hinske grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Garza pitching for Rays . Jeter singled to left . Abreu flied out to center . Rodriguez walked , Jeter to second . Nady grounded out to shortstop , Jeter to third , Rodriguez to second . Cano popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Ponson pitching for Yankees . Navarro walked . Gross singled to right , Navarro to second . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gross out at second , Navarro to third . Iwamura walked , Perez to second . Zobrist homered to right , Navarro , Perez and Iwamura scored . Coke pitching for Yankees . Johnson flied out to center . Floyd struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Garza pitching for Rays . Betemit homered to right . Rodriguez singled to left . Rodriguez stole second , Rodriguez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Navarro . Ransom struck out looking . Gardner grounded out to second , Rodriguez scored . Jeter singled to right . Abreu grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 5th . Coke pitching for Yankees . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . Hinske singled to right . Navarro grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Hinske out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Garza pitching for Rays . Rodriguez flied out to center . Nady grounded out to third . Cano flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Coke pitching for Yankees . Gross walked . Perez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gross out at second . Iwamura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Howell pitching for Rays . Betemit struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Ransom struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Marte pitching for Yankees . Zobrist flied out to center . Johnson struck out swinging . Gomes hit for Floyd . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Pena at first base . Ruggiano in left field . Howell pitching for Rays . Gardner struck out swinging . Jeter reached on infield single to third . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jeter safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Zobrist , Jeter scored , Abreu to second on error by right fielder Gross . Rodriguez struck out looking . Balfour pitching for Rays . Abreu to third on wild pitch by Balfour . Nady singled to center , Abreu scored . Cano doubled to left , Nady to third . Betemit struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Gardner in left field . Cabrera in center field . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Aybar grounded out to third . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Navarro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Bradford pitching for Rays . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Ransom reached on infield single to shortstop . Gardner grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ransom out at second . Gardner stole second . Jeter walked . Abreu singled to right , Gardner scored , Jeter to second . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Gross singled to left . Perez bunt popped out to pitcher . Iwamura struck out swinging . Longoria hit for Zobrist . Gross to second on fielder 's indifference . Longoria singled to right center , Gross scored . Ruggiano grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 5 - Yankees 6 .	Rays split with Yanks , lead Red Sox by two games