Devil Rays - Top 1st . Wright pitching for Rangers . Crawford walked . Zobrist lined out to right . Baldelli flied out to left . Crawford caught stealing second , catcher to second . Wigginton batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Seo pitching for Devil Rays . Lofton homered to right center . Catalanotto tripled to deep right . Young walked . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Catalanotto out at home , Young to second . Blalock lined into double play , to shortstop , Young doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Wright pitching for Rangers . Wigginton grounded out to third . Young grounded out to third . Iwamura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Seo pitching for Devil Rays . Cruz struck out swinging . Wilkerson singled to right . Laird grounded out to shortstop , Wilkerson to second . Kinsler homered to left , Wilkerson scored . Lofton hit by pitch . Catalanotto flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Wright pitching for Rangers . Dukes doubled to deep left . Navarro doubled to deep right , Dukes scored . Upton tripled to deep right center , Navarro scored . Crawford walked . Zobrist lined out to first . Baldelli walked . Wigginton homered to left , Upton and Baldelli scored . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Young singled to center . Iwamura grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Seo pitching for Devil Rays . Young walked . Teixeira singled to right , Young to second . Blalock struck out swinging . Young to third , Teixeira to second on wild pitch by Seo . Cruz walked . Wilkerson singled to center , Young and Teixeira scored , Cruz to second . Laird safe at first on error by right fielder Young , Cruz to third , Wilkerson to second . Kinsler struck out looking . Lofton singled to right , Cruz and Wilkerson scored , Laird to third . Catalanotto homered to right , Laird and Lofton scored . Young flied out to left . 7 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Dukes grounded out to third . Navarro flied out to center . Ryu pitching for Devil Rays . Upton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Ryu pitching for Devil Rays . Teixeira safe at first on error by second baseman Upton . Blalock grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Teixeira out at second . Cruz popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Crawford grounded out to second . Zobrist singled to center . Baldelli struck out swinging . Wigginton doubled to left , Zobrist to third . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Ryu pitching for Devil Rays . Wilkerson walked . Laird flied out to right . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wilkerson out at second . Lofton singled to center , Kinsler to third . Lofton caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Catalanotto batting . Mahay pitching for Rangers . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Iwamura walked . Dukes struck out swinging . Navarro struck out swinging . Iwamura to second on balk by Mahay . Upton doubled to deep right , Iwamura scored . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Ryu pitching for Devil Rays . Catalanotto popped out to shortstop . Young grounded out to second . Teixeira singled to center . Blalock doubled to deep right center , Teixeira to third . Teixeira scored , Blalock to third on wild pitch by Ryu . Cruz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Zobrist bunt grounded out to pitcher . Baldelli grounded out to shortstop . Wigginton walked . Young singled to right , Wigginton to second . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Iwamura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Laird struck out looking . Chen pitching for Rangers . Kinsler fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Chen pitching for Rangers . Dukes fouled out to catcher . Navarro lined out to center . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Lofton walked . Lofton to second on wild pitch by Salas . Catalanotto singled to center , Lofton scored . Kata ran for Young . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Catalanotto out at second , Young to second on throwing error by second baseman Upton . Teixeira flied out to right . Hairston in center field . Kata at shortstop . Blalock grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Chen pitching for Rangers . Crawford safe at first on error by second baseman Kinsler . Zobrist flied out to left . Baldelli struck out swinging . Wigginton doubled to deep left , Crawford scored . Young homered to center , Wigginton scored . Iwamura singled to left . Iwamura to second on fielder 's indifference . Dukes lined out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 9 - Rangers 12 .	Rangers ride 7 - run third inning past Devil Rays