Yankees - Top 1st . Loe pitching for Rangers . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . Jeter grounded out to third . Giambi walked . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Giambi out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Lofton walked . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Lofton out at second . Teixeira struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Loe pitching for Rangers . Matsui flied out to left . Posada singled to left . Cano singled to center , Posada to second , Posada to third , Cano to second on error by left fielder Wilkerson . Cabrera grounded out to second , Posada scored , Cano to third . Mientkiewicz safe at first on error by shortstop Young , Cano scored . Abreu flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Diaz struck out swinging . Blalock walked . Kinsler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Blalock out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Loe pitching for Rangers . Jeter singled to center . Giambi hit by pitch , Jeter to second . Rodriguez singled to left , Jeter to third , Giambi to second . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jeter scored , Rodriguez out at second , Giambi to third . Posada doubled to deep right center , Giambi scored , Matsui to third . Cano doubled to right , Matsui and Posada scored . Cabrera struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Wilkerson struck out looking . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . Laird grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Abreu singled to right . Abreu caught stealing second , catcher to second . Jeter struck out swinging . Giambi flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Lofton grounded out to pitcher . Young grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez doubled to left . Matsui doubled to right , Rodriguez scored . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Posada doubled to deep center , Matsui scored . Cano singled to center , Posada scored . Cabrera walked , Cano to second . Mientkiewicz popped out to shortstop . Abreu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Diaz grounded out to second . Blalock flied out to left . Kinsler walked . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Jeter walked . Giambi flied out to right . Rodriguez walked , Jeter to second . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rodriguez out at second , Jeter to third . Posada walked , Matsui to second . Cano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Cruz flied out to center . Laird struck out swinging . Lofton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Cabrera grounded out to second . Mientkiewicz singled to right . Abreu struck out swinging . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Young flied out to center . Teixeira flied out to center . Myers pitching for Yankees . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Diaz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Giambi flied out to center . Rodriguez singled to left . Matsui flied out to center . Posada flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Blalock doubled to deep right . Hairston hit for Wilkerson . Kinsler singled to right , Blalock scored . Hairston grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kinsler out at second . Hairston in left field . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Cruz grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Cano doubled to center . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Cano to third . Mientkiewicz safe at first on error by third baseman Blalock , Cano scored . Abreu lined out to shortstop . Phelps hit for Giambi . Jeter walked , Mientkiewicz to second . Mientkiewicz to third , Jeter to second on passed ball by Laird . Vizcaino pitching for Yankees . Phelps struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Kata hit for Lofton . Vizcaino pitching for Yankees . Laird struck out looking . Kata flied out to center . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 10 - Rangers 1 .	Yanks ' Hughes does n't allow hit , leaves hurt in 7th