Rangers - Top 1st . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Lofton struck out swinging . Young hit ground rule double to deep center . Teixeira walked . Sosa struck out swinging . Catalanotto lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to left center . Vidro grounded out to third , Suzuki to second . Guillen reached on infield single to third , Suzuki to third . Ibanez walked , Guillen to second . Sexson singled to right center , Suzuki and Guillen scored , Ibanez to third . Johjima singled to center , Ibanez scored , Sexson to second . Beltre fouled out to first . Betancourt safe at first on error by third baseman Vazquez , Sexson to third , Johjima to second . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Byrd grounded out to third . Kinsler grounded out to pitcher . Laird grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to second . Vidro grounded out to shortstop . Guillen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Vazquez lined out to center . Lofton flied out to center . Young grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Ibanez singled to center . Sexson flied out to left . Johjima hit by pitch , Ibanez to second . Beltre singled to right center , Ibanez scored , Johjima to second . Betancourt singled to center , Johjima scored , Beltre to second . Lopez singled to left , Beltre to third , Betancourt to second . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop , Beltre scored , Betancourt to third , Lopez to second . Vidro grounded out to second , Betancourt scored , Lopez to third , Suzuki to second . Guillen struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Teixeira hit by pitch . Sosa singled to center , Teixeira to second . Catalanotto doubled to deep right , Teixeira and Sosa scored . Byrd flied out to right . Kinsler walked . Laird homered to left center , Catalanotto and Kinsler scored . Vazquez grounded out to first . Eyre pitching for Rangers . Lofton popped out to second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Eyre pitching for Rangers . Ibanez grounded out to shortstop . Sexson struck out looking . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Young singled to right . Teixeira popped out to second . Sosa struck out swinging . Catalanotto grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Eyre pitching for Rangers . Beltre singled to left . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Beltre out at second . Lopez flied out to left . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Byrd grounded out to pitcher . Kinsler fouled out to right . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Laird flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Vidro grounded out to third . Guillen flied out to center . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Vazquez fouled out to third . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Lofton hit by pitch . Young walked , Lofton to second . Teixeira walked , Lofton to third , Young to second . Sosa struck out swinging . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Catalanotto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Sexson struck out swinging . Johjima singled to right . Ellison in right field . Davis pitching for Mariners . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johjima out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Davis pitching for Mariners . Byrd walked . Kinsler struck out swinging . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Kata hit for Vazquez . Laird singled to center , Byrd to second . Kata struck out swinging . Kata at third base . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Lofton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Betancourt doubled to left . Lopez sacrificed to pitcher , Betancourt to third . Suzuki singled to center , Betancourt scored . Suzuki stole second . Broussard hit for Ellison . Vidro singled to right , Suzuki to third . Broussard hit sacrifice fly to left , Suzuki scored . Bloomquist in right field . Putz pitching for Mariners . Ibanez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Young grounded out to first . Teixeira struck out swinging . Sosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 5 - Mariners 9 .	M 's flatten Rangers , Ichiro extends hitting streak