Tigers - Top 1st . Loe pitching for Rangers . Granderson tripled to deep left center . Polanco safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Hairston . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson scored , Polanco out at second . Ordonez grounded out to third , Sheffield to second . Sheffield to third on wild pitch by Loe . Guillen flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Lofton singled to right . Young doubled to deep center , Lofton scored . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . Sosa grounded out to shortstop , Young to third . Diaz walked . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Diaz out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Loe pitching for Rangers . Casey singled to center . Monroe walked , Casey to second . Rabelo flied out to center . Inge doubled to deep left , Casey and Monroe scored . Granderson grounded out to second , Inge to third . Polanco grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Kinsler lined out to shortstop . Laird singled to left . Hairston flied out to left . Laird caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Lofton batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Loe pitching for Rangers . Sheffield homered to right center . Ordonez singled to right . Guillen struck out swinging , Ordonez stole second . Casey doubled to deep right , Ordonez to third . Monroe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ordonez scored , Casey out at third . Rabelo singled to right , Monroe to third . Inge singled to right , Monroe scored , Rabelo to third . Inge to second on wild pitch by Loe . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Granderson tripled to deep right , Rabelo and Inge scored . Polanco singled to center , Granderson scored . Sheffield walked , Polanco to second . Ordonez grounded out to third . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Lofton singled to center . Young lined out to shortstop . Teixeira doubled to deep right center , Lofton scored . Sosa struck out swinging . Diaz grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Guillen walked . Casey singled to right , Guillen to second . Monroe grounded into double play , third to second to first , Casey out at second , Guillen to third . Rabelo singled to center , Guillen scored . Inge walked , Rabelo to second . Granderson singled to center , Rabelo scored , Inge to second . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Byrd flied out to left . Stewart hit for Laird . Kinsler doubled to left . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Hairston doubled to left center , Kinsler scored . Lofton walked . Stewart catching . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lofton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Sheffield grounded out to second . Ordonez singled to left . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ordonez out at second . Casey grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Teixeira walked . Sosa flied out to right . Diaz lined out to shortstop . Byrd singled to left , Teixeira to second . Kinsler lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Monroe popped out to third . Rabelo grounded out to second . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Inge grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Stewart walked . Hairston lined out to right . Lofton lined out to center . Vazquez ran for Young . Young singled to right , Stewart to second . Vazquez at shortstop . Eyre pitching for Rangers . Teixeira grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Eyre pitching for Rangers . Granderson walked . Polanco struck out looking . Sheffield singled to center , Granderson to second . Ordonez reached on infield single to shortstop , Granderson to third , Sheffield to second . Guillen lined into double play , second to first , Ordonez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Sosa flied out to right . Diaz grounded out to second . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Eyre pitching for Rangers . Casey lined out to right . Monroe struck out looking . Bazardo pitching for Tigers . Rabelo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Bazardo pitching for Tigers . Kinsler flied out to center . Stewart struck out looking . Gagne pitching for Rangers . Hairston popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Gagne pitching for Rangers . Inge struck out swinging . Granderson flied out to right . Polanco singled to center . Thames in right field . Perez at shortstop . Sheffield lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Bazardo pitching for Tigers . Lofton grounded out to first . Vazquez struck out swinging . Teixeira homered to right . Sosa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 11 - Rangers 4 .	Sheffield hits 16th HR in win