Rangers - Top 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Lofton flied out to center . Kinsler walked . Young singled to right , Kinsler to second . Sosa flied out to center . Byrd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Loe pitching for Rangers . Granderson singled to center . Polanco hit by pitch , Granderson to second . Sheffield popped out to second . Ordonez singled to center , Granderson to third , Polanco to second . Guillen hit sacrifice fly to center , Granderson scored , Polanco to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop . Melhuse struck out swinging . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Loe pitching for Rangers . Casey reached on infield single to second . Monroe walked , Casey to second . Inge sacrificed to first , Casey to third , Monroe to second . Granderson grounded out to second . Polanco grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Vazquez grounded out to pitcher . Lofton popped out to third . Kinsler singled to right . Young singled to left , Kinsler to second . Sosa walked , Kinsler to third , Young to second . Byrd singled to left center , Kinsler and Young scored , Sosa to third . Catalanotto safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Bonderman , Sosa scored , Byrd to third . Melhuse singled to left , Byrd scored , Catalanotto thrown out at home . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Loe pitching for Rangers . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez grounded out to third . Guillen grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Wilkerson struck out looking . Vazquez grounded out to shortstop . Lofton lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez popped out to first . Casey singled to center . Monroe grounded into double play , third to second to first , Casey out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Kinsler struck out swinging . Young walked . Sosa struck out swinging . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Inge grounded out to pitcher . Granderson walked . Polanco flied out to right . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Catalanotto flied out to right . Melhuse struck out swinging . Wilkerson doubled to right . Vazquez walked . Lofton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Ordonez grounded out to third . Guillen singled to right . Rodriguez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Guillen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Kinsler struck out swinging . Young grounded out to third . Sosa singled to left . Byrd struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Casey grounded out to second . Monroe flied out to left . Inge doubled to deep left center . Granderson tripled to deep right center , Inge scored . McBride pitching for Tigers . Hairston hit for Catalanotto . Polanco grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . McBride pitching for Tigers . Hairston struck out swinging . Melhuse singled to center . Wilkerson flied out to center . Hairston in left field . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Vazquez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Sheffield flied out to left . Ordonez grounded out to third . Guillen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . De La Cruz pitching for Tigers . Lofton singled to center . Lofton to second on wild pitch by De La Cruz . Lofton to third on passed ball by Rodriguez . Kinsler walked . Young singled to left , Lofton scored , Kinsler to second . Sosa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Young out at second , Kinsler to third . Byrd singled to center , Kinsler scored . Hairston homered to left , Byrd scored . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Melhuse struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez safe at first on error by first baseman Wilkerson . Rabelo ran for Rodriguez . Casey walked , Rabelo to second . Monroe flied out to center . Inge singled to center , Rabelo scored , Casey to second . Granderson struck out swinging . Casey to third , Inge to second on wild pitch by Francisco . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Rangers 8 - Tigers 3 .	Bonderman 's unbeaten streak halted at 17 starts