Rangers - Top 1st . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Lofton tripled to deep left center . Young doubled to deep right center , Lofton scored . Teixeira walked . Sosa struck out swinging . Byrd grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Teixeira out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Tejeda pitching for Rangers . Buck singled to right center . Stewart struck out swinging . Cust walked , Buck to second . Johnson grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Cust out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Catalanotto struck out swinging . Laird struck out looking . Vazquez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Tejeda pitching for Rangers . Crosby flied out to left . Kotsay flied out to center . Ellis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Hairston grounded out to second . Lofton flied out to center . Young walked . Teixeira grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Tejeda pitching for Rangers . Scutaro safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Vazquez . Suzuki struck out swinging . Buck walked . Stewart fouled out to first . Cust walked , Scutaro to third , Buck to second . Johnson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Sosa struck out swinging . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . Catalanotto reached on infield single to second . Laird grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Catalanotto out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Tejeda pitching for Rangers . Crosby fouled out to third . Kotsay walked . Ellis singled to left , Kotsay to third . Scutaro walked , Ellis to second . Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to left , Kotsay scored . Buck grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Vazquez grounded out to shortstop . Hairston singled to center . Hairston to second on passed ball by Suzuki . Lofton walked . Young reached on infield single to third , Hairston to third , Lofton to second . Hairston scored , Lofton to third , Young to second on wild pitch by Gaudin . Teixeira intentionally walked . Sosa hit sacrifice fly to right , Lofton scored . Byrd fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Tejeda pitching for Rangers . Stewart walked . Cust homered to left center , Stewart scored . Johnson popped out to third . Eyre pitching for Rangers . Crosby reached on infield single to shortstop . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop , Crosby to second . Ellis grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Catalanotto grounded out to third . Laird walked . Vazquez tripled to deep right , Laird scored . Hairston hit sacrifice fly to right , Vazquez scored . Lofton singled to left . Young doubled to center , Lofton to third . Teixeira intentionally walked . Sosa flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Eyre pitching for Rangers . Scutaro singled to right . Suzuki walked , Scutaro to second . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Buck struck out swinging . Stewart singled to shallow right , Scutaro to third , Suzuki to second . Cust hit sacrifice fly to right , Scutaro scored , Suzuki to third . Brown pitching for Athletics . Johnson flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Brown pitching for Athletics . Byrd singled to center . Byrd stole second . Catalanotto singled to center , Byrd to third . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Laird reached on infield single to shortstop , Byrd scored , Catalanotto to second . Vazquez sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Catalanotto to third , Laird to second , Vazquez to first , Catalanotto and Laird scored , Vazquez to second on throwing error by pitcher . Hairston bunt grounded out to pitcher , Vazquez to third . Lofton grounded out to first . Young singled to center , Vazquez scored . Teixeira walked , Young to second . Sosa walked , Young to third , Teixeira to second . Marshall pitching for Athletics . Relaford hit for Catalanotto . Byrd safe at first on error by shortstop Crosby , Young scored , Teixeira to third , Sosa to second . Relaford at second base . Hairston in left field . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Relaford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Byrd out at second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Crosby struck out swinging . Kotsay flied out to right . Ellis singled to left . Scutaro fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Marshall pitching for Athletics . Laird grounded out to third . Vazquez grounded out to second . Hairston reached on infield single to shortstop . Lofton singled to center , Hairston to second . Young singled to center , Hairston to third , Lofton to second . Teixeira batting . Wilkerson ran for Teixeira . Komine pitching for Athletics . Sosa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wilkerson out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Wilkerson at first base . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to second . Buck grounded out to third . Stewart doubled to left . Buck in center field . Kielty in right field . Cust struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Komine pitching for Athletics . Byrd flied out to right . Relaford lined out to center . Laird flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Johnson flied out to center . Crosby grounded out to second . Kielty lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 11 - Athletics 4 .	A 's give up 15 hits to Rangers in 8th straight loss