Indians - Top 1st . McCarthy pitching for Rangers . Sizemore struck out swinging . Blake fouled out to first . Martinez doubled to deep right . Hafner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Lofton grounded out to second . Hairston struck out swinging . Teixeira singled to right . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Teixeira out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . McCarthy pitching for Rangers . Garko singled to left . Gutierrez struck out looking . Nixon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Garko out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Catalanotto struck out swinging . Laird fouled out to first . Wilkerson walked . Wilkerson picked off first . Vazquez batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Rangers . Rouse struck out swinging . Barfield struck out swinging . Sizemore grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Vazquez doubled to deep right . Metcalf walked . Relaford hit for Lofton . Relaford grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Metcalf out at second , Vazquez to third . Hairston grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Relaford at second base . Hairston in right field . Byrd in center field . McCarthy pitching for Rangers . Blake walked . Blake caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Martinez doubled to deep right . Hafner walked . Garko walked , Martinez to third , Hafner to second . Gutierrez lined out to second . Nixon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Teixeira grounded out to first . Byrd struck out swinging . Catalanotto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . McCarthy pitching for Rangers . Rouse grounded out to third . Barfield doubled to left . Barfield to third on wild pitch by McCarthy . Sizemore grounded out to first , Barfield scored . Blake grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Laird singled to center . Wilkerson flied out to left . Vazquez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Laird out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . McCarthy pitching for Rangers . Martinez doubled to deep right . Hafner homered to right , Martinez scored . Garko flied out to center . Gutierrez fouled out to first . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Nixon struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Metcalf walked . Relaford grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Metcalf out at second . Hairston grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Rouse grounded out to pitcher . Barfield grounded out to second . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Teixeira struck out swinging . Byrd struck out swinging . Catalanotto grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Blake lined out to right . Martinez grounded out to first . Hafner singled to left . Garko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Laird grounded out to shortstop . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Vazquez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Nixon singled to center . Michaels ran for Nixon . Rouse singled to right , Michaels to second . Barfield grounded out to pitcher , Michaels to third , Rouse to second . Sizemore intentionally walked . Blake flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Gutierrez in right field . Michaels in left field . Borowski pitching for Indians . Metcalf grounded out to shortstop . Relaford safe at first on error by first baseman Garko . Melhuse hit for Hairston . Melhuse singled to left , Relaford to second . Teixeira singled to left center , Relaford scored , Melhuse to second . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Melhuse out at third , Teixeira to second . Catalanotto walked , Teixeira to third , Byrd to second . Laird safe at first on error by shortstop Rouse , Teixeira scored , Byrd to third , Catalanotto to second . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Final score : Indians 3 - Rangers 2 .	Indians beat Rangers behind Carmona 's 12th win