Athletics - Top 1st . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Stewart flied out to right . Swisher flied out to center . Cust struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler singled to right . Young singled to right , Kinsler to third . Byrd grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Piazza struck out swinging . Ellis singled to center . Johnson struck out looking , Ellis stole second . Scutaro walked . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Cruz struck out swinging . Botts struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Stewart struck out swinging . Swisher walked . Cust walked , Swisher to second . Piazza grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Swisher out at third , Cust to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Laird struck out swinging . Vazquez grounded out to shortstop . Catalanotto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Ellis doubled to deep center . Johnson flied out to left . Scutaro lined out to center . Murphy singled to left , Ellis scored . Suzuki flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Kinsler singled to left . Young walked , Kinsler to second . Byrd homered to center , Kinsler and Young scored . Cruz struck out swinging . Botts struck out looking . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Stewart grounded out to third . Swisher grounded out to pitcher . Cust grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Laird struck out swinging . Vazquez singled to left . Catalanotto walked , Vazquez to second . Kinsler flied out to center . Young hit by pitch , Vazquez to third , Catalanotto to second . Byrd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Piazza singled to left . Ellis homered to left , Piazza scored . Johnson flied out to center . Scutaro flied out to center . Murphy grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Cruz walked . Botts singled to right , Cruz to second . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep center , Cruz scored , Botts to third . Laird doubled to deep left , Botts and Saltalamacchia scored . Lugo pitching for Athletics . Vazquez sacrificed to pitcher , Laird to third . Catalanotto doubled to right , Laird scored . Kinsler grounded out to third . Young intentionally walked . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Catalanotto out at third , Young to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to right . Stewart reached on infield single to third , Suzuki to second . Swisher singled to right , Suzuki to third , Stewart to second . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Cust flied out to left . Piazza struck out swinging . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Stewart out at third , Swisher to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Lugo pitching for Athletics . Cruz walked . Botts fouled out to third . Saltalamacchia flied out to right . Laird walked , Cruz to second . Vazquez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Johnson lined out to second . Scutaro flied out to right . Murphy doubled to deep left . Suzuki singled to right center , Murphy scored . Stewart homered to right center , Suzuki scored . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Swisher lined out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Catalanotto walked . Hairston ran for Catalanotto . Hairston stole second . Kinsler walked . Young flied out to center , Hairston to third , Kinsler to second . Byrd intentionally walked . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hairston scored , Byrd out at second , Kinsler to third . Botts struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Hairston in left field . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Cust struck out looking . Piazza grounded out to shortstop . Ellis popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 6 - Rangers 8 .	Rangers best struggling Gaudin , snap losing streak