Royals - Top 1st . Millwood pitching for Rangers . DeJesus struck out looking . Grudzielanek doubled to deep center . Gload struck out swinging . Sweeney doubled to center , Grudzielanek scored . Teahen flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Buckner pitching for Royals . Catalanotto walked . Kinsler doubled to left , Catalanotto scored . Young grounded out to second , Kinsler to third . Botts doubled to deep left , Kinsler scored . Wilkerson homered to left center , Botts scored . Blalock grounded out to second . Saltalamacchia homered to right center . Murphy grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Gordon struck out swinging . Smith struck out swinging . Gathright grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Buckner pitching for Royals . Vazquez tripled to right . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler singled to center , Vazquez scored . Young lined out to right . Botts struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . LaRue lined out to left . DeJesus struck out looking . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Buckner pitching for Royals . Wilkerson walked . Blalock grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Wilkerson out at second . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Gload grounded out to second . Sweeney singled to left . Teahen singled to center , Sweeney to second . Gordon struck out looking . Smith homered to right , Sweeney and Teahen scored . Gathright doubled to deep left . LaRue walked . DeJesus walked , Gathright to third , LaRue to second . Grudzielanek flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Buckner pitching for Royals . Murphy singled to left . Vazquez bunt popped out foul to catcher . Catalanotto grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Gload walked . Sweeney doubled to deep right , Gload to third . Teahen singled to right , Gload scored , Sweeney to third , Teahen to second advancing on throw . Gordon struck out looking . Smith hit sacrifice fly to center , Sweeney scored , Teahen to third . Gathright flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Buckner pitching for Royals . Kinsler walked . Musser pitching for Royals . Young struck out swinging . Kinsler caught stealing second , catcher to second . Botts doubled to deep right . Wilkerson walked . Blalock grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Wright pitching for Rangers . LaRue singled to center . DeJesus walked , LaRue to second . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Gload grounded out to first , LaRue to third , DeJesus to second . Sweeney grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Musser pitching for Royals . Saltalamacchia flied out to center . Murphy flied out to left . Vazquez singled to right . Byrd hit for Catalanotto . Nunez pitching for Royals . Byrd popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Byrd in center field . Wilkerson at first base . Murphy in right field . Rheinecker pitching for Rangers . Teahen grounded out to shortstop . Gordon flied out to right . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals . Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop . Young singled to left , Kinsler to second . Kinsler stole third , Young stole second . Kinsler scored on throwing error by catcher LaRue . Botts singled to center , Young scored . Cruz ran for Botts . Gobble pitching for Royals . Cruz caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Blalock hit by pitch . Saltalamacchia flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 8th . Cruz in right field . Murphy in left field . German hit for Gathright . Francisco pitching for Rangers . German walked . Costa hit for LaRue . Costa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , German out at second . DeJesus hit by pitch , Costa to second . Grudzielanek singled to left center , Costa scored , DeJesus to third . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Gload grounded into double play , pitcher to second to shortstop to first , Grudzielanek out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Buck catching . Gordon at first base . German at third base . Costa in left field . Gobble pitching for Royals . Murphy doubled to deep right . Vazquez sacrificed to first , Murphy to third . Riske pitching for Royals . Byrd hit sacrifice fly to center , Murphy scored . Kinsler lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Sweeney popped out to third . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Teahen walked . Brown hit for Gordon . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Teahen out at second . Butler hit for Smith . Butler singled to left , Brown to second . German singled to center , Brown scored , Butler to second . Pena hit for Costa . Huber ran for Butler . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to second , German out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 8 - Rangers 9 .	Kinsler races home on error as Rangers edge Royals