Rangers - Top 1st . Silva pitching for Twins . Catalanotto fouled out to left . Kinsler flied out to center . Young singled to center . Byrd flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Bartlett flied out to center . Kubel singled to center . Mauer flied out to left . Hunter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Silva pitching for Twins . Blalock grounded out to second . Botts singled to center . Murphy flied out to left . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Morneau grounded out to first . Cuddyer grounded out to second . White singled to right . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Silva pitching for Twins . Metcalf singled to center . Catalanotto doubled to deep right , Metcalf to third . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop , Metcalf scored , Catalanotto to third . Young walked . Byrd popped out to shortstop . Blalock flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Punto reached on infield single to shortstop , Punto to second on throwing error by shortstop Young . Bartlett grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Punto out at third , Bartlett to second . Kubel safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Young , Bartlett scored . Mauer popped out to shortstop . Hunter singled to center , Kubel scored , Hunter to second advancing on throw . Hunter to third on wild pitch by Millwood . Morneau grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Silva pitching for Twins . Botts struck out looking . Murphy walked . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . Metcalf popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Cuddyer singled to right . White flied out to center . Rodriguez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cuddyer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Silva pitching for Twins . Catalanotto struck out looking . Kinsler flied out to right . Young grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Punto grounded out to shortstop . Bartlett grounded out to shortstop . Kubel doubled to deep left . Mauer hit ground rule double to deep center , Kubel scored . Hunter fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Silva pitching for Twins . Byrd singled to center . Blalock doubled to deep center , Byrd to third . Botts struck out swinging . Murphy walked . Saltalamacchia singled to right , Byrd scored , Blalock to third , Murphy to second . Metcalf grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Saltalamacchia out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Morneau walked . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Morneau out at second . White grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cuddyer safe at second on error by shortstop Young . Rodriguez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , White out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . DePaula pitching for Twins . Catalanotto grounded out to first . Kinsler hit by pitch . Young singled to right , Kinsler to second . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second , Kinsler to third . Perkins pitching for Twins . Blalock fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Punto doubled to deep right , Punto out stretching at third . Bartlett grounded out to second . Kubel hit ground rule double to deep left center . Mauer intentionally walked . Hunter doubled to deep right , Kubel scored , Mauer to third . Morneau flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Tyner in left field . Botts reached on infield single to shortstop . Murphy singled to center , Botts to second . Guzman ran for Botts . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second , Guzman to third , Murphy to second . Metcalf struck out swinging . Catalanotto flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Guzman in left field . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Tyner grounded out to first . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Young reached on infield single to second , Young to second on throwing error by second baseman Punto . Byrd struck out swinging . Blalock walked . Wilkerson hit for Guzman . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - Twins 4 .	Twins take advantage of shaky defense , rally past Rangers