Padres - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Burroughs singled to left center. Loretta grounded out to catcher, Burroughs to second. Giles struck out swinging. Nevin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Peavy pitching for Padres. Roberts struck out swinging. Izturis grounded out to first. Bradley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Payton singled to left. Klesko singled to right, Payton to second. Hernandez homered to left center, Payton and Klesko scored. Greene grounded out to pitcher. Peavy flied out to right. Burroughs grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Peavy pitching for Padres. Green singled to right. Lo Duca grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Green out at second. Encarnacion grounded into double play, second to first, Lo Duca out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Loretta doubled to deep right center. Giles flied out to right, Loretta to third. Nevin doubled to deep left center, Loretta scored. Payton walked. Klesko flied out to center. Hernandez singled to left, Nevin to third, Payton to second. Greene grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Peavy pitching for Padres. Beltre singled to right. Cora singled to center, Beltre to second. Perez bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Beltre out at third, Cora to second. Roberts grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Perez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Peavy grounded out to catcher. Burroughs grounded out to first. Loretta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Izturis singled to center, Izturis out stretching at second. Bradley grounded out to second. Green grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Giles grounded out to first. Nevin struck out swinging. Payton reached on infield single to third. Klesko reached on infield single to shortstop, Payton to second, Payton to second, Klesko to second on throwing error by shortstop Izturis. Hernandez walked. Greene popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Lo Duca flied out to center. Encarnacion flied out to left. Beltre safe at first on error by shortstop Greene. Cora flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 6th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Peavy doubled to deep right. Burroughs grounded out to second, Peavy to third. Loretta struck out swinging. Sanchez pitching for Dodgers. Giles walked. Grabowski hit for Sanchez. Nevin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Giles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Grabowski struck out swinging. Roberts reached on bunt single to first. Roberts stole second. Izturis singled to right, Roberts to third. Roberts scored, Izturis to second on balk by Peavy. Oropesa pitching for Padres. Bradley singled to center, Izturis scored. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Green flied out to right. Bradley caught stealing second, catcher to second. Lo Duca batting. Mota pitching for Dodgers. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Mota pitching for Dodgers. Payton struck out swinging. Klesko grounded out to first. Hernandez walked. Long hit for Linebrink. Greene singled to left, Hernandez to second. Osuna pitching for Padres. Long in left field. Long flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Osuna pitching for Padres. Lo Duca singled to right. Encarnacion popped out to shortstop. Beltre homered to left, Lo Duca scored. Saenz hit for Mota. Cora struck out swinging. Martin pitching for Dodgers. Saenz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Martin pitching for Dodgers. Burroughs grounded out to pitcher. Loretta singled to left. Dreifort pitching for Dodgers. Giles flied out to right. Lawrence ran for Nevin. Nevin singled to center, Loretta to third. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Vazquez at first base. Payton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Roberts grounded out to pitcher. Izturis grounded out to second. Bradley doubled to right. Green intentionally walked. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Lo Duca struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Vazquez struck out looking. Hernandez flied out to center. Greene hit by pitch. Long flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Beltre singled to left center. Ventura hit for Gagne. Cora sacrificed to third, Beltre to second, Cora safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Burroughs. Beltre to third, Cora to first on throwing error by third baseman Burroughs. Ventura singled to right, Beltre scored, Cora to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Padres 4 - Dodgers 5.	Shuffled Dodgers not too ruffled to top Padres