Mets - Top 1st. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Matsui singled to left. Cameron hit ground rule double to deep left center, Matsui to third. Piazza hit sacrifice fly to right, Matsui scored. Garcia singled to center, Cameron scored. Zeile singled to center, Garcia to second. Phillips hit by pitch, Garcia to third, Zeile to second. Valent hit ground rule double to deep center, Garcia and Zeile scored, Phillips to third. Garcia hit sacrifice fly to right, Phillips scored, Valent to third. Yates grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Yates pitching for Mets. Burroughs singled to left. Loretta grounded into fielder's choice to first, Burroughs out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Robinson in left field. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Matsui struck out swinging. Cameron walked. Piazza grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cameron out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Yates pitching for Mets. Robinson struck out swinging. Long grounded out to third. Hernandez walked. Greene singled to shallow left, Hernandez to second. Lawrence grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Garcia flied out to left. Zeile singled to right. Phillips flied out to center. Valent flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Yates pitching for Mets. Burroughs hit ground rule double to deep right. Loretta flied out to center, Burroughs to third. Giles homered to right, Burroughs scored. Nevin grounded out to second. Robinson singled to left. Long lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Garcia singled to left. Yates sacrificed to catcher, Garcia to second. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. Cameron struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Yates pitching for Mets. Hernandez grounded out to pitcher. Greene walked. Lawrence sacrificed to pitcher, Greene to second. Burroughs walked. Loretta walked, Greene to third, Burroughs to second. Giles safe at first on error by shortstop Matsui, Greene and Burroughs scored, Loretta to second. Nevin grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 5th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Piazza grounded out to first. Garcia flied out to center. Zeile singled to center. Phillips singled to right, Zeile to second. Valent grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Yates pitching for Mets. Robinson singled to center. Long walked, Robinson to second. Hernandez sacrificed to third, Robinson to third, Long to second. Vazquez hit for Lawrence. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Spencer in left field. Greene singled to right, Robinson scored, Long to third. Vazquez singled to right, Long scored, Greene to second. Burroughs singled to center, Greene scored, Vazquez to second. Loretta flied out to left. Osuna pitching for Padres. Giles flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Osuna pitching for Padres. Garcia grounded out to pitcher. Spencer singled to right center. Spencer to second on passed ball by Hernandez. Matsui safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Greene, Spencer scored. Cameron struck out swinging. Piazza flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 6th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Nevin flied out to right. Robinson singled to center. Long singled to center, Robinson to third. Hernandez popped out to shortstop. Greene popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Osuna pitching for Padres. Garcia singled to center. Zeile grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Garcia out at second. Moreno pitching for Mets. Buchanan hit for Osuna. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Moreno pitching for Mets. Buchanan grounded out to second. Burroughs walked. Loretta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Burroughs out at second. Giles walked, Loretta to second. Nevin walked, Loretta to third, Giles to second. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Duncan hit for Moreno. Robinson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Giles out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Duncan struck out swinging. Garcia singled to center. Spencer popped out to first. Weathers pitching for Mets. Matsui struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Weathers pitching for Mets. Long struck out looking. Hernandez struck out swinging. Peavy hit for Linebrink. Payton hit for Linebrink. Greene singled to left. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Greene out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Cameron struck out swinging. Piazza grounded out to shortstop. Garcia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 6 - Padres 7.	Giles to go: Padres come back vs. Mets