Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Valdez pitching for Padres. Hairston doubled to deep left. Finley sacrificed to pitcher, Hairston to third. Bautista grounded out to shortstop, Hairston scored. Gonzalez flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks. Burroughs grounded out to shortstop. Loretta grounded out to shortstop. Giles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Valdez pitching for Padres. Hillenbrand grounded out to first. Tracy flied out to right. Cintron doubled to deep right. Brito walked. Fossum struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks. Nevin singled to left. Payton grounded out to second, Nevin to second. Klesko singled to center, Nevin to third. Ojeda flied out to right. Greene walked, Klesko to second. Valdez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Valdez pitching for Padres. Hairston flied out to center. Finley reached on infield single to pitcher. Bautista flied out to center. Gonzalez walked, Finley to second. Hillenbrand flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks. Burroughs hit by pitch. Loretta flied out to right. Giles popped out to second. Nevin homered to right, Burroughs scored. Payton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Valdez pitching for Padres. Tracy singled to center. Cintron flied out to right. Brito singled to left center, Tracy to third. Fossum grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tracy out at home, Brito to second. Hairston flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks. Klesko flied out to left. Ojeda lined out to third. Greene struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Valdez pitching for Padres. Finley reached on infield single to second. Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop, Finley to second. Gonzalez walked, Finley to third, Bautista to second. Hillenbrand grounded into double play, first to catcher to first, Finley out at home, Bautista to third, Gonzalez to second. Tracy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks. Valdez bunt grounded out to third. Burroughs reached on infield single to first. Loretta singled to left, Burroughs to third. Giles grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Loretta out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Valdez pitching for Padres. Cintron flied out to right. Brito grounded out to third. Fossum struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks. Nevin struck out swinging. Payton flied out to right. Klesko singled to right. Klesko stole second, Klesko safe at third on throwing error by catcher Brito. Long in left field. Ojeda grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Valdez pitching for Padres. Hairston grounded out to second. Finley flied out to center. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Bautista grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Robinson hit for Valdez. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Greene grounded out to third. Robinson struck out swinging. Burroughs walked. Burroughs to second on wild pitch by Service. Loretta doubled to deep left, Burroughs scored. Giles intentionally walked. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Nevin grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Hillenbrand fouled out to first. Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks. Payton singled to center. Long singled to left, Payton to second. Ojeda grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Payton out at third, Long to second. Cirillo hit for Otsuka. Greene flied out to left. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Cirillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Olson hit for Brito. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Cintron grounded out to first. Colbrunn hit for Villafuerte. Olson flied out to center. Colbrunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 1 - Padres 3.	Hoffman saves Padres