Padres - Top 1st. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Burroughs walked. Loretta struck out looking. Giles singled to center, Burroughs to third. Nevin lined into double play, center to first, Giles doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Germano pitching for Padres. Miles grounded out to second. Clayton singled to left center. Helton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Clayton out at second. Castilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Klesko reached on infield single to second. Greene flied out to left. Nady singled to center, Klesko to third. Hernandez singled to center, Klesko scored, Nady to second. Germano bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Nady out at third, Hernandez to second. Burroughs grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Germano pitching for Padres. Hawpe struck out looking. Holliday flied out to left. Closser struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Loretta flied out to right. Giles doubled to deep right. Nevin struck out swinging. Klesko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Germano pitching for Padres. Piedra singled to center. Jennings grounded out to second, Piedra to second. Miles walked. Clayton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Miles out at second, Piedra to third. Helton singled to center, Piedra scored, Clayton to third. Castilla struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Greene homered to center. Nady flied out to left. Hernandez reached on infield single to shortstop. Germano sacrificed to first, Hernandez to second. Burroughs lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Germano pitching for Padres. Hawpe grounded out to shortstop. Holliday doubled to deep left. Closser grounded out to third. Piedra doubled to deep left center, Holliday scored. Jennings singled to right, Piedra scored. Miles grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Loretta flied out to center. Giles grounded out to shortstop. Nevin flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Germano pitching for Padres. Clayton doubled to left. Neal pitching for Padres. Helton walked. Castilla safe at first on error by second baseman Loretta, Clayton to third, Helton to second. Hawpe hit sacrifice fly to right, Clayton scored, Helton to third. Holliday fouled out to third. Closser struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 6th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Klesko walked. Greene doubled to deep left, Klesko to third. Nady grounded out to third. Long hit for Neal. Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to left, Klesko scored. Greene to third on passed ball by Closser. Watkins pitching for Padres. Long grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Watkins pitching for Padres. Piedra walked. Barmes ran for Jennings. Jennings walked, Piedra to second. Miles sacrificed to pitcher, Piedra to third, Barmes to second. Clayton reached on infield single to second, Piedra scored, Barmes to third. Osuna pitching for Padres. Helton doubled to deep left, Barmes and Clayton scored. Castilla flied out to right. Fassero pitching for Rockies. Piedra in right field. Freeman in center field. Hawpe grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Fassero pitching for Rockies. Burroughs reached on infield single to second. Loretta singled to left, Burroughs to second. Giles doubled to deep right, Burroughs scored, Loretta to third. Nevin walked. Bernero pitching for Rockies. Klesko hit sacrifice fly to center, Loretta scored. Greene doubled to deep center, Giles scored, Nevin to third. Nady walked. Hansen hit for Osuna. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Aurilia hit for Hansen. Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to center, Nevin scored, Greene to third. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Aurilia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nady out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Holliday lined out to first. Closser grounded out to second. Piedra singled to center. Freeman doubled to deep left, Piedra to third. Miles singled to center, Piedra and Freeman scored, Miles to third on error by catcher Hernandez. Clayton struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 8th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Burroughs singled to center. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Loretta flied out to left. Giles struck out swinging. Nevin walked, Burroughs to second. Klesko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Helton grounded out to second. Tracy hit for Fuentes. Castilla flied out to center. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Tracy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Greene popped out to third. Nady popped out to first. Fick hit for Linebrink. Hernandez doubled to deep center. Robinson ran for Fick. Fick walked. Burroughs flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 7 - Rockies 9.	Rockies beat Padres, continue to play spoiler