Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Eaton pitching for Padres. Tracy grounded out to first. Cintron flied out to right. Kroeger struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Payton doubled to center. Loretta singled to center, Payton to third. Giles hit sacrifice fly to center, Payton scored. Nevin flied out to left. Aurilia fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Eaton pitching for Padres. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. Devore struck out swinging. Bautista flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Klesko struck out swinging. Hernandez struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Eaton pitching for Padres. Snyder flied out to left. Hairston struck out swinging. Randolph flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Eaton walked. Payton flied out to right. Loretta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Eaton out at second. Giles singled to right, Loretta to second. Nevin walked, Loretta to third, Giles to second. Aurilia walked, Loretta scored, Giles to third, Nevin to second. Klesko singled to center, Giles and Nevin scored, Aurilia to second. Hernandez flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Eaton pitching for Padres. Tracy walked. Cintron doubled to deep right, Tracy to third. Kroeger grounded out to shortstop, Tracy scored. Hillenbrand singled to center, Cintron to third. Devore safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Loretta, Cintron scored, Hillenbrand to second. Bautista struck out swinging. Snyder singled to left center, Hillenbrand scored, Devore to second. Hairston grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 4th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez flied out to center. Eaton flied out to center. Payton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Eaton pitching for Padres. Randolph grounded out to second. Tracy doubled to deep right center. Cintron struck out looking. Kroeger flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Loretta grounded out to third. Giles doubled to deep right. Nevin struck out swinging. Aurilia popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Eaton pitching for Padres. Hillenbrand hit ground rule double to deep center. Devore grounded out to first, Hillenbrand to third. Bautista fouled out to second. Snyder singled to center, Hillenbrand scored. Hairston flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Klesko walked. Hernandez flied out to left. Nady hit for Eaton. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Nady walked, Klesko to second. Osuna pitching for Padres. Green hit for Service. Payton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Osuna pitching for Padres. Green struck out swinging. Tracy struck out swinging. Cintron singled to center. Durbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Terrero in center field. Kroeger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Durbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Loretta lined out to third. Giles singled to right. Nevin walked, Giles to second. Aurilia walked, Giles to third, Nevin to second. Klesko doubled to deep right, Giles and Nevin scored, Aurilia to third. Vazquez hit for Gonzalez. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Aurilia out at home. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Vazquez at shortstop. Long in left field. Vazquez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Hillenbrand safe at first on error by second baseman Loretta. Devore singled to right, Hillenbrand to second. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to second, Devore out at second, Hillenbrand to third. Snyder fouled out to first. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Hairston singled to right, Hillenbrand scored, Bautista to third. Hammock in left field. Devore in center field. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Terrero struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 8th. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Long flied out to left. Payton flied out to center. Loretta safe at first on error by shortstop Cintron. Giles struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Tracy flied out to center. Cintron popped out to shortstop. Hammock struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Padres 6.	Padres pull out all the stops in win