Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Peavy pitching for Padres. Tracy popped out to shortstop. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. Hammock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks. Payton singled to right. Loretta walked, Payton to second. Giles singled to right, Payton to third, Loretta to second. Nevin hit sacrifice fly to center, Payton scored, Loretta to third, Giles to second on throwing error by center fielder Terrero. Klesko grounded into fielder's choice to first, Loretta scored, Giles to third. Aurilia singled to center, Giles scored, Klesko to third. Hernandez singled to center, Klesko scored, Aurilia to second. Vazquez flied out to left. Peavy flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Peavy pitching for Padres. Hillenbrand walked. Devore struck out swinging. Terrero struck out swinging. Gil struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks. Payton singled to left. Loretta singled to center, Payton to second, Payton scored, Loretta to second on error by center fielder Terrero. Giles popped out to first. Nevin grounded out to pitcher, Loretta to third. Klesko walked. Aurilia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Klesko out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Peavy pitching for Padres. Brito grounded out to third. Sparks flied out to center. Tracy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernandez struck out swinging. Vazquez singled to right. Peavy sacrificed to pitcher, Vazquez to second. Payton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Cintron grounded out to third. Hammock struck out swinging. Hillenbrand doubled to deep right. Devore struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks. Loretta walked. Giles fouled out to catcher. Nevin singled to left, Loretta to second. Klesko singled to right, Loretta to third, Nevin to second. Aurilia popped out to first. Hernandez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Terrero reached on bunt single to pitcher. Gil singled to center, Terrero to second. Zinter hit for Sparks. Brito grounded out to first, Terrero to third, Gil to second. Zinter walked. Tracy hit sacrifice fly to center, Terrero scored, Gil to third. Cintron hit by pitch, Zinter to second. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Kroeger in left field. Hammock popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Vazquez struck out swinging. Peavy grounded out to shortstop. Payton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. Devore flied out to center. Terrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Loretta singled to center. Giles walked, Loretta to second. Nevin grounded out to shortstop, Loretta to third, Giles to second. Klesko intentionally walked. Aurilia hit sacrifice fly to center, Loretta scored. Nance pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernandez walked, Giles to third, Klesko to second. Neal pitching for Padres. Robinson in left field. Vazquez struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Neal pitching for Padres. Gil popped out to second. Brito singled to left. Kroeger grounded into double play, second to first, Brito out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Nance pitching for Diamondbacks. Robinson grounded out to second. Payton hit by pitch. Gonzalez ran for Loretta. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Loretta hit by pitch, Payton to second. Giles singled to center, Payton to third, Gonzalez to second. Nady hit for Neal. Nevin hit sacrifice fly to right, Payton scored, Gonzalez to third. Gonzalez at shortstop. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Vazquez at second base. Nady grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Tracy singled to center. Baerga hit for Choate. Cintron flied out to left. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Baerga grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Tracy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Aurilia struck out swinging. Hernandez reached on infield single to third. Witasick pitching for Padres. Vazquez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hernandez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Witasick pitching for Padres. Hillenbrand flied out to left. Devore singled to center. Terrero struck out swinging. Gil fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 1 - Padres 7.	Peavy breathes life into Padres' playoff hopes