Padres - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Loretta flied out to center. Aurilia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Tracy singled to center. Cintron lined out to third. Devore flied out to center. Hillenbrand flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Nevin flied out to center. Ojeda struck out swinging. Nady struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Snyder flied out to center. Kroeger grounded out to second. Terrero singled to left center. Gil flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Payton grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Sweeney popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Johnson struck out swinging. Tracy struck out looking. Cintron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Guzman flied out to center. Loretta safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Gil. Aurilia singled to center, Loretta scored. Nevin singled to left, Aurilia to second. Ojeda grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nevin out at second, Aurilia to third. Nady reached on infield single to third, Aurilia scored, Ojeda to second. Payton singled to right, Ojeda scored, Nady to third. Gonzalez tripled to deep right center, Nady and Payton scored. Sweeney grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Devore fouled out to third. Hillenbrand doubled to left. Snyder walked. Hillenbrand to third, Snyder to second on wild pitch by Sweeney. Kroeger singled to right, Hillenbrand scored, Snyder to third. Terrero singled to right, Snyder scored, Kroeger to second. Gil reached on infield single to second, Kroeger to third, Terrero to second, Kroeger scored, Terrero to third, Gil to second on throwing error by second baseman Loretta. Bynum pitching for Padres. Johnson doubled to deep right center, Terrero and Gil scored. Tracy grounded out to third. Cintron flied out to center. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 5th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Guzman singled to center. Guzman stole second. Guzman to third on passed ball by Snyder. Loretta grounded out to third. Aurilia struck out swinging. Nevin flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Watkins pitching for Padres. Devore reached on infield single to second. Hillenbrand doubled to left, Devore to third. Snyder doubled to deep left center, Devore and Hillenbrand scored. Kroeger struck out swinging. Terrero struck out looking. Gil grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ojeda flied out to right. Nady grounded out to shortstop. Payton singled to right center. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Watkins pitching for Padres. Johnson flied out to center. Tracy grounded out to first. Cintron singled to center. Devore safe at first on error by pitcher Watkins, Cintron to second. Quintero hit for Watkins. Hillenbrand grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 7th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Quintero grounded out to third. Guzman singled to right center. Guzman stole second. Loretta reached on bunt single to pitcher, Guzman to third. Aurilia popped out to second. Witasick pitching for Padres. Nevin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Witasick pitching for Padres. Snyder flied out to right. Kroeger grounded out to second. Terrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ojeda homered to center. Nady struck out swinging. Payton grounded out to second. Gonzalez struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Baerga hit for Johnson. Witasick pitching for Padres. Gil struck out swinging. Baerga grounded out to second. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Long hit for Witasick. Tracy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Long grounded out to shortstop. Guzman struck out looking. Loretta grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 6 - Diamondbacks 7.	Unit wins 16th and gets rare offensive support