Nationals - Top 1st. LeBlanc pitching for Marlins. Span singled to right. Werth singled to left, Span to second. Harper walked, Span to third, Werth to second. Zimmerman singled to center, Span and Werth scored, Harper thrown out at third. Desmond doubled to left, Zimmerman to third. Moore singled to left, Zimmerman and Desmond scored. Lombardozzi fouled out to first. Suzuki struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Pierre lined out to second. Coghlan flied out to left. Polanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. LeBlanc pitching for Marlins. Zimmermann struck out looking. Span grounded out to shortstop. Werth grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Dobbs struck out looking. Ruggiano struck out swinging. Brantly grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. LeBlanc pitching for Marlins. Harper grounded out to third. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Desmond doubled to deep center. Moore doubled to deep center, Desmond scored. Lombardozzi doubled to deep left, Moore scored. Suzuki intentionally walked. Zimmermann flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop. Solano flied out to right. LeBlanc grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. LeBlanc pitching for Marlins. Span struck out looking. Werth singled to center. Harper popped out to shortstop. Maine pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman homered to left (382 feet), Werth scored. Desmond singled to center. Moore grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Desmond out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Pierre flied out to left. Coghlan singled to center. Polanco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Coghlan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Maine pitching for Marlins. Lombardozzi singled to center. Suzuki singled to center, Lombardozzi to second. Zimmermann sacrificed to pitcher, Lombardozzi to third, Suzuki to second. Span singled to center, Lombardozzi and Suzuki scored, Span out stretching at second. Bernadina hit for Werth. Bernadina grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Bernadina in right field. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Dobbs struck out swinging. Ruggiano grounded out to shortstop. Brantly grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Maine pitching for Marlins. Harper struck out swinging. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Desmond grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop. Solano hit by pitch. Maine sacrificed to pitcher, Solano to second. Pierre doubled to shallow left, Solano scored. Coghlan singled to right, Pierre scored. Valaika hit for Polanco. Valaika struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Valaika at third base. Maine pitching for Marlins. Moore struck out looking. Lombardozzi flied out to left. Suzuki doubled to deep left. Zimmermann flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Dobbs doubled to right. Ruggiano singled to left center, Dobbs to third. Brantly singled to right, Dobbs scored, Ruggiano to second. Hechavarria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Brantly out at second, Ruggiano to third. Solano struck out swinging. Skipworth hit for Maine. Skipworth walked, Hechavarria to second. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Skipworth out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Webb pitching for Marlins. Span grounded out to shortstop. Bernadina grounded out to second. Harper grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Coghlan flied out to left. Valaika struck out looking. Dobbs popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Rauch pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Desmond singled to left. Moore struck out swinging. Lombardozzi grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Ruggiano grounded out to third. Brantly grounded out to second. Hechavarria grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 10 - Marlins 3.	Zimmermann helps Nationals bounce back