Nationals - Top 1st. Sanabia pitching for Marlins. Werth singled to right. Bernadina grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Werth out at second. Zimmerman walked. LaRoche grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Nationals. Coghlan flied out to left. Pierre singled to right. Polanco flied out to center. Dobbs flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Sanabia pitching for Marlins. Desmond doubled to right. Moore struck out swinging. Lombardozzi grounded out to shortstop, Desmond to third. Suzuki intentionally walked. Haren grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Nationals. Ruggiano struck out looking. Brantly grounded out to first. Hechavarria grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Sanabia pitching for Marlins. Werth reached on infield single to shortstop. Bernadina grounded out to pitcher, Werth to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. LaRoche walked. Desmond flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Nationals. Solano struck out swinging. Sanabia grounded out to second. Coghlan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Sanabia pitching for Marlins. Moore struck out swinging. Lombardozzi grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Nationals. Pierre fouled out to first. Polanco safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman. Dobbs singled to left, Polanco to third. Ruggiano singled to left, Polanco scored, Dobbs to second. Brantly grounded out to pitcher, Dobbs to third, Ruggiano to second. Hechavarria homered to left (417 feet), Dobbs and Ruggiano scored. Solano flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Sanabia pitching for Marlins. Haren grounded out to second. Werth grounded out to third. Bernadina out on batter's interference to pitcher. Bernadina batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Haren pitching for Nationals. Sanabia singled to right center. Coghlan flied out to right. Pierre singled to center, Sanabia to second. Polanco singled to center, Sanabia to third, Pierre to second. Dobbs walked, Sanabia scored, Pierre to third, Polanco to second. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Ruggiano doubled to left, Pierre and Polanco scored, Dobbs to third. Brantly reached on infield single to shortstop. Hechavarria grounded into double play, third to second to first, Brantly out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Sanabia pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman popped out to shortstop. LaRoche doubled to deep right. Desmond grounded out to second, LaRoche to third. Moore doubled to deep right center, LaRoche scored. Lombardozzi doubled to center, Moore scored. Suzuki fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Solano grounded out to third. Kearns hit for Sanabia. Kearns struck out swinging. Coghlan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Tracy hit for Stammen. Tracy flied out to left. Werth flied out to left. Bernadina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Pierre singled to center. Pierre stole second. Polanco lined out to center. Pierre stole third. Dobbs singled to left, Pierre scored. Ruggiano flied out to left. Brantly lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman singled to right. LaRoche flied out to right. Desmond flied out to right. Moore flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Mattheus pitching for Nationals. Hechavarria grounded out to third. Solano grounded out to third. Skipworth hit for Ramos. Skipworth popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Lombardozzi singled to left. Suzuki flied out to center. Solano hit for Mattheus. Solano grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lombardozzi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 2 - Marlins 8.	Marlins use Zimmerman error to pound Nats