Marlins - Top 1st. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Coghlan doubled to right. Polanco lined out to pitcher. Dietrich hit by pitch. Ozuna singled to left, Coghlan to third, Dietrich to second. Brantly popped out to shortstop. Ruggiano grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Zobrist struck out swinging. Joyce walked. Johnson struck out swinging. Joyce stole second. Longoria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Dobbs grounded out to first. Hechavarria struck out swinging. Brown grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Loney walked. Scott walked, Loney to second. Jennings hit by pitch, Loney to third, Scott to second. Molina hit sacrifice fly to right, Loney scored, Scott to third, Jennings to second. Escobar singled to right, Scott scored, Jennings to third. Zobrist grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Jennings scored, Escobar to second. Joyce struck out swinging. Johnson homered to right (404 feet), Escobar scored, Zobrist scored. Longoria grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Coghlan flied out to left. Polanco flied out to right. Dietrich hit by pitch. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Loney struck out swinging. Scott struck out swinging. Jennings singled to right center. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jennings out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Brantly flied out to left. Ruggiano homered to left (394 feet). Dobbs singled to center. Hechavarria hit ground rule double to deep right, Dobbs to third. Brown grounded out to second, Dobbs scored, Hechavarria to third. Coghlan singled to center, Hechavarria scored. Polanco flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Escobar flied out to right. Zobrist singled to right. Joyce singled to center, Zobrist to second. Below pitching for Marlins. Johnson singled to center, Zobrist to third, Joyce to second. Longoria hit sacrifice fly to center, Zobrist scored, Joyce to third. Loney popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Dietrich singled to center. Ozuna walked, Dietrich to second. Brantly singled to center, Dietrich to third, Ozuna to second. Lueke pitching for Rays. Ruggiano struck out looking. Dobbs singled to center, Dietrich and Ozuna scored, Brantly to second. Hechavarria struck out swinging. Brown reached on infield single to third, Brantly scored, Dobbs to third. Coghlan struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Below pitching for Marlins. Scott struck out swinging. Jennings walked. Jennings caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Molina singled to deep left. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. McGee pitching for Rays. Polanco singled to right. Dietrich grounded into fielder's choice to second, Polanco out at second. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to second, Dietrich out at second. Ozuna stole second. Brantly grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Jennings pitching for Marlins. Zobrist struck out swinging. Jennings pitching for Marlins. Zobrist struck out swinging. Joyce grounded out to first. Johnson doubled to second. Longoria intentionally walked, Johnson stole third. Loney flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. McGee pitching for Rays. Ruggiano struck out swinging. Dobbs struck out swinging, Dobbs safe at first on passed ball by Molina. Hechavarria grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Dobbs out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Jennings pitching for Marlins. Scott struck out swinging. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Jennings grounded out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Peralta pitching for Rays. Brown popped out to second. Coghlan flied out to center. Polanco fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Escobar grounded out to second. Zobrist walked. Joyce singled to right, Zobrist to second. Johnson homered to right center (425 feet), Zobrist and Joyce scored. Longoria flied out to right. Loney walked. Scott flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Rodney pitching for Rays. Fuld in left field. Dietrich flied out to center. Ozuna walked. Brantly struck out swinging. Ozuna to second on passed ball by Molina. Ruggiano struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 6 - Rays 10.	Johnson's two HRs power Rays past Marlins