Marlins - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Ruggiano grounded out to shortstop. Lucas grounded out to first. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Turner pitching for Marlins. Carpenter struck out swinging. Jay lined out to left. Holliday doubled to deep right center. Craig doubled to deep right center, Holliday scored. Molina lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Morrison homered to center (446 feet). Ozuna lined out to center. Dietrich lined out to left. Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Turner pitching for Marlins. Adams singled to center. Freese struck out looking. Descalso flied out to right. Westbrook grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Mathis grounded out to pitcher. Turner grounded out to shortstop. Ruggiano hit by pitch. Lucas grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Turner pitching for Marlins. Carpenter singled to right center. Jay singled to right, Carpenter to third. Holliday doubled to deep right, Carpenter scored, Jay to third. Craig hit sacrifice fly to right, Jay scored, Holliday to third. Molina grounded out to third. Adams doubled to deep left, Holliday scored. Freese lined out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Stanton flied out to left. Morrison grounded out to second. Ozuna reached on infield single to shortstop. Dietrich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Turner pitching for Marlins. Descalso grounded out to first. Westbrook popped out to second. Carpenter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Hechavarria reached on infield single to pitcher. Mathis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hechavarria safe at second on error by second baseman Carpenter. Turner bunted into double play, catcher to third, Hechavarria out at third, Mathis to second. Ruggiano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Turner pitching for Marlins. Jay grounded out to second. Holliday lined out to center. Craig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Lucas grounded out to shortstop. Stanton safe at first on error by second baseman Carpenter. Morrison grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Stanton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Turner pitching for Marlins. Molina grounded out to third. Adams walked. Freese grounded into double play, third to second to first, Adams out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Ozuna grounded out to third. Dietrich grounded out to second. Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Jennings pitching for Marlins. Descalso grounded out to first. Wigginton hit for Westbrook. Wigginton grounded out to shortstop. Carpenter walked. Jay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Mathis struck out swinging. Solano hit for Jennings. Solano struck out looking. Ruggiano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Webb pitching for Marlins. Holliday lined out to right. Craig grounded out to second. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Mujica pitching for Cardinals. Lucas struck out swinging. Stanton grounded out to third. Morrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 1 - Cardinals 4.	Westbrook works 7 strong in Cards' victory