Indians - Top 1st. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Choo flied out to center. Brantley flied out to left. Kipnis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Indians. De Aza struck out looking. Beckham singled to right. Dunn singled to center, Beckham to third. Konerko singled to left, Beckham scored, Dunn to second. Rios flied out to center. Pierzynski doubled to right, Dunn scored, Konerko to third. Viciedo singled to right center, Konerko and Pierzynski scored. Ramirez flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Lopez struck out swinging. Kotchman grounded out to second. Damon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Indians. Hudson grounded out to second. De Aza struck out swinging. Beckham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Hannahan struck out swinging. Diaz walked. Marson singled to right center, Diaz to second. Choo hit by pitch, Diaz to third, Marson to second. Brantley doubled to deep right center, Diaz, Marson and Choo scored. Kipnis homered to right center (395 feet), Brantley scored. Lopez popped out to second. Kotchman singled to left. Damon struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Indians. Dunn hit ground rule double to right. Konerko hit ground rule double to right, Dunn scored. Rios singled to center, Konerko scored, Rios to second advancing on throw. Pierzynski flied out to left. Viciedo homered to right (358 feet), Rios scored. Ramirez singled to center. Ramirez stole second. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ramirez to third. Accardo pitching for Indians. De Aza struck out swinging, Hudson stole second. Beckham flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Hannahan struck out swinging. Diaz struck out swinging. Marson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Accardo pitching for Indians. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko doubled to deep right. Rios lined out to right. Pierzynski flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Choo singled to center. Brantley lined out to shortstop. Kipnis homered to right center (420 feet), Choo scored. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Kotchman struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Accardo pitching for Indians. Viciedo flied out to right. Ramirez struck out swinging. Hudson lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Damon lined out to center. Hannahan fouled out to left. Diaz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Hagadone pitching for Indians. De Aza flied out to left. Beckham flied out to right. Dunn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Marson flied out to center. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Choo grounded out to first. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Smith pitching for Indians. Konerko walked. Rios doubled to deep left center, Konerko to third, Konerko scored on error by shortstop Diaz. Pierzynski singled to left, Rios to third. Viciedo singled to right, Rios scored, Pierzynski to second. Ramirez reached on infield single to first, Pierzynski to third, Viciedo to second. Hudson struck out swinging. De Aza grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierzynski scored, Ramirez out at second, Viciedo to third, Viciedo scored on error by first baseman Kotchman. Beckham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, De Aza out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Crain pitching for White Sox. Kipnis flied out to left. Lopez fouled out to catcher. Kotchman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Sipp pitching for Indians. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko hit ground rule double to deep left center. Lillibridge ran for Konerko. Rios homered to left center (436 feet), Lillibridge scored. Pierzynski flied out to center. Viciedo lined out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Lillibridge at first base. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Damon grounded out to second. Hannahan flied out to left. Diaz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 7 - White Sox 14.	Surging White Sox pound depleted Indians   \n\n