Indians - Top 1st. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Choo grounded out to second. Brantley struck out looking. Kipnis singled to left center. Lopez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Jimenez pitching for Indians. De Aza hit by pitch. Beckham singled to center, De Aza to second. Dunn walked, De Aza to third, Beckham to second. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to second, De Aza scored, Dunn out at second, Beckham to third. Rios singled to right, Beckham scored, Konerko to third. Viciedo lined out to left. Ramirez singled to center, Konerko scored, Rios to third. Flowers grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Kotchman singled to right. Duncan doubled to deep left, Kotchman to third. Damon homered to right, Kotchman and Duncan scored. (378 feet). Diaz hit by pitch. Marson singled to center, Diaz to second. Choo struck out swinging. Brantley struck out swinging. Kipnis struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Hudson grounded out to second. De Aza grounded out to first. Beckham walked. Dunn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Lopez safe at first on error by third baseman Hudson. Kotchman hit by pitch, Lopez to second. Duncan grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kotchman out at second, Lopez to third. Damon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Konerko lined out to left. Rios walked. Rios stole second. Viciedo flied out to right. Ramirez singled to right, Rios scored. Ramirez stole second. Flowers struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Diaz singled to right. Marson hit by pitch, Diaz to second. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Marson out at second, Diaz to third. Brantley singled to right, Diaz scored, Choo to second. Kipnis singled to left, Choo to third, Brantley to second. Lopez grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Choo out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Hudson flied out to center. De Aza struck out swinging. Beckham singled to right. Dunn walked, Beckham to second. Konerko homered to center, Beckham and Dunn scored. (418 feet). Rios grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Kotchman grounded out to first. Duncan fouled out to first. Damon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Carlin catching. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Viciedo singled to left. Asencio pitching for Indians. Ramirez doubled to left, Viciedo out at home. Flowers hit by pitch. Hudson tripled to deep right, Ramirez and Flowers scored. De Aza tripled to deep center, Hudson scored, De Aza out stretching at home. Beckham hit ground rule double to deep center. Dunn flied out to center. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Diaz singled to right. Carlin hit ground rule double to deep center, Diaz to third. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Choo fouled out to third. Brantley grounded out to second, Diaz scored, Carlin to third. Kipnis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Asencio pitching for Indians. Konerko singled to center. Rios flied out to right. Viciedo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Konerko out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Lopez struck out swinging. Kotchman popped out to third. Duncan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Sipp pitching for Indians. Ramirez popped out to shortstop. Flowers grounded out to third. Hudson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Damon lined out to left. Diaz grounded out to second. Carlin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Sipp pitching for Indians. De Aza singled to right. Beckham singled to center, De Aza to second. Dunn flied out to left. De Aza to third, Beckham to second on wild pitch by Sipp. Konerko walked. Lillibridge ran for Konerko. Rios flied out to left. Smith pitching for Indians. Viciedo singled to left center, De Aza and Beckham scored, Lillibridge to third. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Viciedo out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Lillibridge at first base. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Choo struck out swinging. Brantley reached on infield single to first. Kipnis lined out to right. Lopez doubled to deep center, Brantley scored. Kotchman hit by pitch. Duncan popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 6 - White Sox 12.	Konerko, White Sox finish sweep of Indians