Astros - Top 1st. Sale pitching for White Sox. Altuve flied out to right. Bixler singled to left. Lowrie flied out to right. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Lyles pitching for Astros. De Aza grounded out to pitcher. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. Dunn singled to left. Konerko flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Maxwell grounded out to third. Wallace struck out swinging. Snyder popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Rios flied out to center. Pierzynski flied out to left. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop. Jor Danks grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Downs flied out to left. Bogusevic grounded out to third. Altuve flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Escobar grounded out to second. De Aza singled to right. De Aza caught stealing second, catcher to second. Beckham popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Bixler struck out swinging. Lowrie struck out swinging. Martinez singled to right. Maxwell popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Dunn grounded out to first. Konerko walked. Rios flied out to center. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to second, Konerko out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Wallace flied out to left. Snyder popped out to shortstop. Downs flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Ramirez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Downs. Jor Danks reached on infield single to second, Ramirez to second, Ramirez to third on throwing error by second baseman Altuve. Escobar walked, Jor Danks to second. De Aza singled to right, Ramirez scored, Jor Danks to third, Escobar to second. Beckham singled to right, Jor Danks and Escobar scored, De Aza to second, De Aza to third advancing on throw. Dunn hit sacrifice fly to right, De Aza scored. Konerko walked, Beckham to second. Rios singled to center, Beckham scored, Konerko to second. Cedeno pitching for Astros. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rios out at second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Bogusevic struck out looking. Altuve singled to center. Bixler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Altuve out at second. Lowrie reached on infield single to first, Bixler to second. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lowrie out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Cedeno pitching for Astros. Jor Danks singled to center. Escobar flied out to center. Jor Danks stole second. De Aza singled to left center, Jor Danks to third. Beckham singled to left, Jor Danks scored, De Aza to second. Dunn struck out swinging. Carpenter pitching for Astros. Konerko reached on infield single to second, De Aza to third, Beckham to second. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Konerko out at second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Maxwell grounded out to shortstop. Wallace lined out to shortstop. Snyder grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Carpenter pitching for Astros. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to second. Jor Danks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Lillibridge at first base. Sale pitching for White Sox. Downs struck out swinging. Bogusevic grounded out to first. Altuve hit by pitch. Bixler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Cruz pitching for Astros. Escobar singled to left. De Aza singled to left, Escobar to second. Beckham singled to left, Escobar to third, De Aza to second. Dunn homered to center (436 feet), Escobar, De Aza and Beckham scored. Lillibridge grounded out to third. Rios singled to center. Pierzynski flied out to center. Ramirez singled to left, Rios to second. Lyon pitching for Astros. Jor Danks struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Stewart pitching for White Sox. Lowrie homered to right (394 feet). Martinez struck out swinging. Maxwell struck out swinging. Wallace singled to center. Snyder flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 1 - White Sox 10.	Sale cruises again as White Sox drub Astros   \n\n