White Sox - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Twins. De Aza fouled out to third. Youkilis grounded out to shortstop. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Span doubled to right. Revere reached on bunt single to pitcher, Span to third. Mauer hit sacrifice fly to right, Span scored. Willingham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Revere out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Konerko grounded out to second. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Morneau flied out to center. Plouffe singled to right. Dozier singled to right, Plouffe to third, Plouffe scored, Dozier to third on throwing error by right fielder Rios. Butera struck out swinging. Carroll singled to center, Dozier scored. Span doubled to deep right, Carroll to third. Revere grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Viciedo grounded out to pitcher. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop, Ramirez to second on throwing error by shortstop Dozier. Beckham fouled out to right, Ramirez to third. De Aza struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Mauer reached on infield single to second. Willingham fouled out to second. Morneau singled to center, Mauer to third. Plouffe struck out swinging. Dozier flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Youkilis grounded out to second. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko walked. Rios singled to left, Konerko to second. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Butera struck out swinging. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. Span struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Viciedo grounded out to second. Ramirez singled to center. Beckham flied out to right. De Aza bunt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Revere singled to center. Mauer flied out to center. Revere stole second. Willingham walked. Morneau struck out looking. Plouffe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Youkilis flied out to center. Dunn struck out looking. Konerko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Peavy pitching for White Sox. Dozier struck out swinging. Butera doubled to center. Carroll grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher. Span grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Carroll out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Rios doubled to deep left. Rios to third on wild pitch by Liriano. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. Viciedo walked. Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to right, Rios scored. Beckham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Viciedo out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Revere singled to left. Mauer singled to right, Revere to third. Revere out at home on runner's fielder's choice, Mauer to second on runner's fielder's choice. Willingham walked. Morneau walked, Mauer to third, Willingham to second. Jones pitching for White Sox. Plouffe hit sacrifice fly to right, Mauer scored. Dozier walked, Willingham to third, Morneau to second. Butera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Perkins pitching for Twins. De Aza fouled out to third. Youkilis singled to center. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Youkilis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Carroll walked. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Span grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Carroll out at second. Revere singled to center. Mauer singled to left, Revere to second. Willingham hit by pitch, Revere to third, Mauer to second. Morneau struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Burton pitching for Twins. Rios flied out to right. Pierzynski walked. Viciedo flied out to center. Ramirez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 1 - Twins 4.	Twins ruin Youkilis' White Sox debut \n\n