White Sox - Top 1st. Blackburn pitching for Twins. De Aza reached on infield single to second. Escobar struck out swinging. De Aza to second on wild pitch by Blackburn. Youkilis flied out to right, De Aza to third. Dunn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Sale pitching for White Sox. Span grounded out to shortstop. Revere grounded out to second. Mauer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Rios doubled to deep left. Pierzynski flied out to right, Rios to third. Ramirez safe at first on error by shortstop Dozier, Rios scored. Jor Danks singled to right, Ramirez to second. Hudson flied out to left. De Aza flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Willingham struck out swinging. Morneau flied out to right. Plouffe flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Escobar singled to center. Youkilis doubled to deep right center, Escobar scored, Youkilis thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Dunn flied out to center. Rios struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Doumit doubled to left. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Doumit out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Carroll walked. Span popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to third. Jor Danks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Revere flied out to center. Mauer singled to center. Willingham lined out to left. Morneau grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Hudson fouled out to shortstop. De Aza singled to center. Escobar flied out to center. Youkilis singled to center, De Aza to third. Dunn homered to left (421 feet), De Aza and Youkilis scored. Rios homered to left center (405 feet). Pierzynski flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Plouffe singled to left. Doumit grounded into double play, third to second to first, Plouffe out at second. Dozier homered to left (376 feet). Carroll struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Manship pitching for Twins. Ramirez singled to left. Jor Danks flied out to left. Hudson singled to right, Ramirez to third. De Aza singled to right, Ramirez scored, Hudson to second. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to third, De Aza out at second, Hudson to third. Youkilis singled to left center, Hudson scored, Escobar to third. Dunn singled to left, Escobar scored, Youkilis to second. Rios flied out to right. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Span tripled to deep right center. Revere hit sacrifice fly to left, Span scored. Mauer struck out swinging. Willingham struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Gray pitching for Twins. Pierzynski tripled to deep center. Ramirez flied out to right. Jor Danks singled to center, Pierzynski scored. Hudson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jor Danks out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Flowers at first base. Sale pitching for White Sox. Morneau singled to right. Plouffe flied out to center. Doumit popped out to shortstop. Morneau out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Dozier batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Parmelee in right field. Revere in center field. Mastroianni in left field. Parmelee in right field. Revere in center field. Mastroianni in left field. Robertson pitching for Twins. Parmelee in right field. Revere in center field. Mastroianni in left field. Robertson pitching for Twins. De Aza struck out swinging. Parmelee in right field. Revere in center field. Mastroianni in left field. Parmelee in right field. Revere in center field. Mastroianni in left field. Robertson pitching for Twins. Parmelee in right field. Revere in center field. Mastroianni in left field. Robertson pitching for Twins. De Aza struck out swinging. Parmelee in right field. Revere in center field. Mastroianni in left field. Parmelee in right field. Revere in center field. Mastroianni in left field. Robertson pitching for Twins. Parmelee in right field. Revere in center field. Mastroianni in left field. Robertson pitching for Twins. De Aza struck out swinging. Escobar reached on infield single to third. Flowers singled to left, Escobar to second. Dunn reached on infield single to third, Escobar to third, Flowers to second. Rios singled to center, Escobar scored, Flowers to third, Dunn to second. Pierzynski hit sacrifice fly to right, Flowers scored. Burnett pitching for Twins. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dunn out at third, Rios to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Dozier walked. Carroll flied out to left. Mastroianni homered to left (366 feet), Dozier scored. Revere lined out to shortstop. Mauer grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Jor Danks struck out looking. Hudson singled to left. De Aza flied out to center. Escobar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Parmelee singled to right center. Morneau struck out swinging. Plouffe hit by pitch, Parmelee to second. Doumit hit by pitch, Parmelee to third, Plouffe to second. Dozier grounded into fielder's choice to third, Parmelee scored, Plouffe out at third, Doumit to second. Carroll grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dozier out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 12 - Twins 5.	White Sox back Sale with 21 hits against Twins