White Sox - Top 1st. Darvish pitching for Rangers. De Aza struck out swinging. Youkilis walked. Dunn singled to left, Youkilis to second. Konerko singled to center, Youkilis to third, Dunn to second. Rios hit sacrifice fly to left, Youkilis scored. Ramirez reached on infield single to second, Dunn to third, Konerko to second. Viciedo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Sale pitching for White Sox. Kinsler hit by pitch. Kinsler stole second. Andrus grounded out to second, Kinsler to third. Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to center, Kinsler scored. Beltre singled to left. Young singled to shallow center, Beltre to second. Cruz homered to right center, Beltre and Young scored. Napoli flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Flowers struck out looking. Beckham singled to left. De Aza lined out to shortstop. Youkilis homered to center, Beckham scored. Dunn grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Torrealba reached on infield single to catcher. Gentry grounded into fielder's choice to third, Torrealba out at second. Kinsler flied out to center. Gentry caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Andrus batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Konerko struck out looking. Rios grounded out to third. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Andrus bunt grounded out to pitcher. Hamilton struck out swinging. Beltre singled to center. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Viciedo grounded out to shortstop. Flowers reached on infield single to third. Beckham doubled to left center, Flowers to third. De Aza singled to right, Flowers and Beckham scored. Youkilis walked, De Aza to second. De Aza to third, Youkilis to second on passed ball by Torrealba. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Cruz grounded out to first. Napoli struck out swinging. Torrealba struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Rios flied out to right. Ramirez popped out to first. Viciedo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Gentry hit by pitch. Kinsler walked, Gentry to second. Andrus struck out looking. Hamilton struck out swinging. Beltre struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Flowers struck out swinging. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. De Aza flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Young lined out to second. Cruz singled to shallow left. Napoli grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cruz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Youkilis grounded out to third. Dunn walked. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Dunn stole second. Dunn safe at third on throwing error by catcher Torrealba. Konerko hit by pitch. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dunn scored, Konerko out at second. Rios stole second. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Torrealba walked. Gentry hit into fielder's choice to left, Torrealba out at second. Jones pitching for White Sox. Jor Danks in center field. Kinsler hit by pitch, Gentry to second. Andrus walked, Gentry to third, Kinsler to second. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gentry scored, Andrus out at second, Kinsler to third. Beltre walked, Hamilton to second. Young lined out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Viciedo walked. Flowers struck out swinging. Beckham grounded into fielder's choice to first, Viciedo out at second. Beckham to second on wild pitch by Ogando. Jor Danks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Myers pitching for White Sox. Cruz lined out to left. Napoli struck out swinging. Torrealba singled to center. Murphy hit for Gentry. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Hamilton in center field. Murphy in left field. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Youkilis flied out to left. Dunn walked. Konerko popped out to second. Rios doubled to deep left, Dunn scored, Rios to third on error by shortstop Andrus. Ramirez homered to left, Rios scored. Viciedo flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Reed pitching for White Sox. Kinsler singled to shallow center. Andrus struck out looking. Hamilton flied out to left. Kinsler to second on fielder's indifference. Beltre grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 9 - Rangers 5.	White Sox trump Rangers