Reds - Top 1st . Maholm pitching for Cubs . Cozart doubled to left . Stubbs grounded out to second , Cozart to third . Votto walked . Phillips singled to center , Cozart scored , Votto to second . Ludwick struck out swinging . Rolen struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Leake pitching for Reds . DeJesus reached on infield single to first . Barney singled to center , DeJesus to third . Castro popped out to second . LaHair hit sacrifice fly to center , DeJesus scored . Stewart struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Maholm pitching for Cubs . Heisey flied out to center . Mesoraco lined out to center . Leake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Leake pitching for Reds . Clevenger singled to right . DeWitt grounded out to pitcher , Clevenger to second . Mather doubled to deep left center , Clevenger scored . Maholm struck out looking . DeJesus singled to center , Mather scored . Barney doubled to deep left , DeJesus scored . Castro tripled to deep left , Barney scored . LaHair flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 3rd . Maholm pitching for Cubs . Cozart struck out swinging . Stubbs flied out to center . Votto flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Leake pitching for Reds . Stewart grounded out to first . Clevenger flied out to right . DeWitt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Maholm pitching for Cubs . Phillips safe at first on error by shortstop Castro . Ludwick flied out to right . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Phillips out at second . Heisey doubled to left , Rolen to third . Mesoraco intentionally walked . Leake grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Heisey out at third , Mesoraco to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Leake pitching for Reds . Mather grounded out to pitcher . Maholm struck out swinging . DeJesus popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Maholm pitching for Cubs . Cozart grounded out to second . Stubbs safe at first on error by shortstop Castro . Stubbs picked off first . Votto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Leake pitching for Reds . Barney flied out to right . Castro doubled to right . LaHair walked . Stewart lined into double play , second to first , LaHair doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Maholm pitching for Cubs . Phillips grounded out to second . Ludwick grounded out to shortstop . Rolen singled to shallow center . Heisey walked , Rolen to second . Mesoraco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Heisey out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Leake pitching for Reds . Clevenger singled to center . DeWitt flied out to center . Mather flied out to center . Campana hit for Maholm . Campana singled to center , Clevenger to second . Ondrusek pitching for Reds . DeJesus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Russell pitching for Cubs . Mather in left field . Campana in center field . Frazier hit for Ondrusek . Frazier doubled to center . Cozart doubled to shallow right center , Frazier to third . Stubbs lined out to shortstop . Votto struck out swinging . Phillips flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Simon pitching for Reds . Valdez at second base . Barney singled to center . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Barney safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Rolen . LaHair struck out swinging . Stewart popped out to shortstop . Clevenger singled to right , Barney scored , Castro to second , Clevenger thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 8th . Dolis pitching for Cubs . Ludwick walked . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ludwick out at second . Heisey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rolen out at second . Mesoraco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Heisey out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Johnson hit for Dolis . Simon pitching for Reds . Johnson doubled to left . Mather reached on bunt single to pitcher , Johnson to third . Campana struck out swinging . DeJesus popped out to shortstop . Barney hit by pitch , Mather to second . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Barney out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Valdez struck out swinging . Cozart fouled out to first . Stubbs flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 1 - Cubs 6 .	Cubs halt skid , Maholm ends drought