Nationals - Top 1st. Masterson pitching for Red Sox. Escobar singled to left. Werth lined out to center. Escobar to second on balk by Masterson. Harper struck out swinging. Zimmerman walked. Robinson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Betts grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia singled to left. Ortiz singled to right, Pedroia to second. Ramírez flied out to right, Pedroia to third. Sandoval grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Masterson pitching for Red Sox. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Desmond doubled to left. Espinosa walked. Desmond caught stealing third, catcher to third, Espinosa to second on runner's fielder's choice. Taylor singled to center, Espinosa scored. Taylor stole second. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Napoli singled to deep center. Nava flied out to right. Hanigan struck out looking. Holt singled to center, Napoli to second. Betts doubled to left, Napoli and Holt scored. Pedroia grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Masterson pitching for Red Sox. Werth flied out to right. Harper struck out swinging. Zimmerman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ramírez singled to left. Sandoval hit by pitch, Ramírez to second. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sandoval out at second, Ramírez to third. Nava singled to right, Ramírez scored, Napoli to third. Hanigan singled to right, Napoli scored, Nava to third. Holt struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Masterson pitching for Red Sox. Robinson grounded out to shortstop. Ramos grounded out to first. Desmond singled to left. Espinosa singled to right, Desmond to third. Taylor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Betts grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia homered to left (352 feet). Ortiz lined out to right. Ramírez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Masterson pitching for Red Sox. Escobar grounded out to third. Werth hit by pitch. Harper singled to left center, Werth to second. Zimmerman walked, Werth to third, Harper to second. Robinson singled to right, Werth scored, Harper to third, Zimmerman to second. Ramos grounded out to shortstop, Harper scored, Zimmerman to third, Robinson to second. Desmond singled to right, Zimmerman and Robinson scored. Espinosa hit by pitch. Ogando pitching for Red Sox. Taylor tripled to deep right center, Desmond and Espinosa scored. Escobar struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Sandoval grounded out to second. Napoli flied out to center. Nava struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Ramírez at third base. Victorino in right field. Nava in left field. Ogando pitching for Red Sox. Werth struck out looking. Harper grounded out to pitcher. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Hanigan flied out to right. Holt singled to right. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Betts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Holt out at second. Betts stole second. Pedroia walked. Thornton pitching for Nationals. Ortiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Mujica pitching for Red Sox. Robinson grounded out to shortstop. Ramos grounded out to second. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Thornton pitching for Nationals. Ramírez safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond. Victorino hit by pitch, Ramírez to second. Napoli flied out to right, Ramírez to third. Craig hit for Nava. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Craig hit by pitch, Victorino to second. Hanigan grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Ramírez scored on error by pitcher Treinen, Victorino safe at third on error by pitcher Treinen, Craig safe at second on error by pitcher Treinen, Victorino scored, Craig to third, Hanigan to second on thr. Holt grounded out to shortstop, Craig scored. Betts grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 3 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Craig in left field. Mujica pitching for Red Sox. Espinosa struck out swinging. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Taylor popped out to first. Escobar singled to left. Escobar to second on wild pitch by Tazawa. Werth struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Pedroia singled to right. Ortiz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pedroia out at second. Ramírez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Uehara pitching for Red Sox. Harper struck out swinging. Zimmerman lined out to left. Robinson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 7 - Red Sox 8.	Red Sox capitalize on poor fielding, top Nationals 8-7