Blue Jays - Top 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Reyes popped out to second. Donaldson walked. Bautista grounded into double play, second to first, Donaldson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Pedroia singled to center. Holt flied out to center. Ramírez walked, Pedroia to second. Ortiz walked, Pedroia to third, Ramírez to second. Bogaerts lined into double play, third to second, Ramírez doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Encarnación flied out to right. Colabello flied out to center. Martin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Sandoval singled to center. De Aza struck out looking. Castillo struck out swinging. Swihart flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Valencia grounded out to shortstop. Pillar singled to right. Goins flied out to center. Pillar stole second. Reyes grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Pedroia flied out to center. Holt struck out looking. Ramírez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Donaldson singled to shallow right. Bautista singled to left, Donaldson to third. Encarnación singled to center, Donaldson scored, Bautista to second. Colabello grounded into fielder's choice to second, Encarnación out at second, Bautista to third. Martin singled to right, Bautista scored, Colabello to second. Valencia walked, Colabello to third, Martin to second. Pillar hit into fielder's choice to right, Colabello scored, Valencia out at second, Martin to third. Pillar to second on wild pitch by Rodríguez. Goins homered to right center (385 feet), Martin and Pillar scored. Reyes struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Ortiz grounded out to second. Bogaerts hit by pitch. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. Bautista grounded out to third. Encarnación walked. Colabello singled to center, Encarnación scored. Martin doubled to left, Colabello scored. Wright pitching for Red Sox. Valencia homered to left (398 feet), Martin scored. Pillar singled to center. Goins struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Castillo walked. Swihart singled to right, Castillo to third. Pedroia singled to right, Castillo scored, Swihart to second. Holt flied out to center. Ramírez singled to center, Swihart scored, Pedroia to second. Ortiz homered to right center (389 feet), Pedroia and Ramírez scored. Bogaerts flied out to right. Sandoval grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Wright pitching for Red Sox. Reyes singled to center. Donaldson struck out swinging. Bautista struck out swinging. Encarnación grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. De Aza flied out to center. Castillo grounded out to third. Swihart grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Wright pitching for Red Sox. Colabello singled to right. Martin walked, Colabello to second. Colabello to third, Martin to second on passed ball by Swihart. Valencia grounded out to third. Pillar popped out to second. Layne pitching for Red Sox. Goins doubled to deep center, Colabello and Martin scored, Goins to third on error by center fielder Castillo. Reyes doubled to deep center, Goins scored. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Pedroia flied out to right. Holt singled to left. Ramírez popped out to shortstop. Ortiz walked, Holt to second. Bogaerts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Shaw at first base. Holt at second base. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Bautista grounded out to second. Encarnación flied out to center. Colabello flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Smoak at first base. Coke pitching for Blue Jays. Sandoval struck out swinging. De Aza struck out swinging. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Bianchi at shortstop. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Martin singled to left. Valencia singled to left, Martin to second. Pillar popped out to first. Goins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Valencia out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Carrera in left field. Coke pitching for Blue Jays. Swihart walked. Shaw flied out to left. Holt walked, Swihart to second. Ramírez flied out to right. León hit for Ortiz. León grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 13 - Red Sox 5.	Going to 11: Jays rout Red Sox to boost streak