Astros - Top 1st. Masterson pitching for Red Sox. Altuve flied out to center. Tucker walked. Correa grounded out to second, Tucker to second. Valbuena grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Straily pitching for Astros. Betts flied out to center. Holt singled to left. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Masterson pitching for Red Sox. Gattis grounded out to second. Singleton grounded out to shortstop. Carter lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Straily pitching for Astros. Ramírez homered to left center (417 feet). Sandoval grounded out to second. Napoli struck out swinging. De Aza walked. Hanigan singled to right, De Aza to third. Betts singled to left, De Aza scored, Hanigan to second. Holt grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Masterson pitching for Red Sox. Castro walked. Presley struck out looking. Altuve flied out to right. Tucker singled to left center, Castro to second. Correa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Straily pitching for Astros. Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz walked. Ramírez struck out swinging. Sandoval grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Masterson pitching for Red Sox. Valbuena singled to right center. Gattis singled to right, Valbuena to third. Singleton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Valbuena scored, Gattis out at second. Carter lined out to center. Castro doubled to deep left, Singleton scored. Presley singled to center, Castro scored. Altuve singled to left, Presley to second. Tucker doubled to deep left, Presley and Altuve scored. Correa reached on infield single to shortstop, Tucker to third. Layne pitching for Red Sox. Valbuena walked, Correa to second. Gattis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Valbuena out at second. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Straily pitching for Astros. Napoli flied out to center. De Aza struck out swinging. Hanigan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Layne pitching for Red Sox. Singleton struck out looking. Carter grounded out to shortstop. Castro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Straily pitching for Astros. Betts struck out swinging. Holt walked. Bogaerts singled to right, Holt to third. Ortiz singled to center, Holt scored, Bogaerts to third. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bogaerts scored, Ortiz out at second, Ramírez to second on throwing error by second baseman Altuve. Sipp pitching for Astros. Sandoval singled to right center, Ramírez scored. Napoli struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 6th. Layne pitching for Red Sox. Presley singled to left. Altuve reached on infield single to third, Presley to second. Tucker struck out swinging. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Correa struck out swinging. Valbuena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Sipp pitching for Astros. De Aza struck out swinging. Hanigan flied out to center. Betts singled to left. Holt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Gattis doubled to deep right center. Singleton popped out to shortstop. Carter singled to right, Gattis to third. Castro walked, Carter to second. Presley struck out swinging. Altuve singled to center, Gattis and Carter scored, Castro to second. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Tucker grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Santana in left field. Fields pitching for Astros. Bogaerts singled to center. Ortiz walked, Bogaerts to second. Ramírez walked, Bogaerts to third, Ortiz to second. Thatcher pitching for Astros. Sandoval singled to left, Bogaerts scored, Ortiz to third, Ramírez to second. Harris pitching for Astros. Napoli struck out looking. De Aza grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ortiz scored, Sandoval out at second, Ramírez to third. Hanigan grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Correa homered to left center (403 feet). Valbuena grounded out to shortstop. Santana grounded out to second. Singleton lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Neshek pitching for Astros. Betts safe at first on error by shortstop Correa. Holt sacrificed to pitcher, Betts to second. Betts caught stealing third, catcher to third. Bogaerts walked. Ortiz doubled to deep left, Bogaerts scored. Ramírez flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Top 9th. Uehara pitching for Red Sox. Carter grounded out to second. Castro lined out to second. Presley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Hernández pitching for Astros. Sandoval grounded out to second. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. De Aza grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 10th. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Altuve hit by pitch. Tucker safe at first on error by first baseman Napoli, Altuve to second. Correa singled to left, Altuve scored, Tucker to second. Valbuena flied out to left. Santana reached on infield single to third, Tucker to third, Correa to second. Singleton singled to right, Tucker and Correa scored, Santana to third. Carter struck out swinging. Santana stole home. Singleton stole second. Castro flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 10th. Gregerson pitching for Astros. Hanigan popped out to second. Betts popped out to second. Holt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 12 - Red Sox 8.	Napoli error leads to 4-run 10th as Astros beat Red Sox 12-8