Yankees - Top 1st. Miley pitching for Red Sox. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Gardner popped out to third. Rodriguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Eovaldi pitching for Yankees. Betts popped out to shortstop. Holt singled to shallow center. Holt to second on wild pitch by Eovaldi. Bogaerts grounded out to second, Holt to third. Sandoval grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Miley pitching for Red Sox. Teixeira singled to left. Young flied out to right. McCann homered to left (379 feet), Teixeira scored. Headley struck out swinging. Gregorius flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Eovaldi pitching for Yankees. Ramírez flied out to right. De Aza singled to right. Victorino struck out swinging. Shaw flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Miley pitching for Red Sox. Refsnyder grounded out to shortstop. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Gardner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Eovaldi pitching for Yankees. Hanigan reached on infield single to shortstop. Betts singled to right center, Hanigan to second. Holt struck out swinging. Bogaerts singled to center, Hanigan scored, Betts to third. Sandoval singled to right, Betts scored, Bogaerts to third. Ramírez singled to center, Bogaerts scored, Sandoval to second. De Aza grounded out to shortstop, Sandoval to third, Ramírez to second. Victorino grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Miley pitching for Red Sox. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira grounded out to first. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Eovaldi pitching for Yankees. Shaw lined out to right. Hanigan grounded out to third. Betts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Miley pitching for Red Sox. McCann doubled to deep left. Headley reached on infield single to second, McCann to third. McCann scored, Headley to second on balk by Miley. Gregorius flied out to center. Refsnyder grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Headley out at third. Ellsbury lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Eovaldi pitching for Yankees. Holt struck out swinging. Bogaerts flied out to right. Sandoval flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Miley pitching for Red Sox. Gardner reached on infield single to second. Rodriguez doubled to center, Gardner scored. Teixeira lined out to shortstop. Young doubled to deep left, Rodriguez scored. Layne pitching for Red Sox. McCann grounded out to shortstop, Young to third. Headley doubled to deep left, Young scored. Gregorius grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Warren pitching for Yankees. Ramírez doubled to deep center. De Aza lined out to left. Victorino singled to right center, Ramírez scored. Wilson pitching for Yankees. Napoli hit for Shaw. Napoli singled to right, Victorino to second. Hanigan struck out swinging. Victorino stole third. Napoli stole second. Betts flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Napoli at first base. Layne pitching for Red Sox. Refsnyder singled to center. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to second, Refsnyder out at second. Gardner singled to left, Ellsbury to second. Ogando pitching for Red Sox. Rodriguez lined into double play, second to first, Gardner doubled off first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Wilson pitching for Yankees. Holt struck out swinging. Bogaerts singled to center. Sandoval fouled out to catcher. Betances pitching for Yankees. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Ogando pitching for Red Sox. Teixeira struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. McCann flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Betances pitching for Yankees. De Aza singled to center. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to second, De Aza out at second. Napoli fouled out to first. Victorino stole second. Hanigan walked. Betts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Ogando pitching for Red Sox. Headley walked. Gregorius flied out to center. Headley to second on passed ball by Hanigan. Refsnyder homered to left (378 feet), Headley scored. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Gardner flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Miller pitching for Yankees. Holt walked. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Sandoval safe at first on throwing error by catcher McCann, Holt to second. Marrero ran for Sandoval. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Holt scored on throwing error by pitcher Miller, Marrero safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Miller. Ramírez to second on fielder's indifference. De Aza hit sacrifice fly to right, Marrero scored. Victorino popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Final score: Yankees 8 - Red Sox 6.	A-Rod breaks top 25 in hits, leads Yankees past Red Sox 8-6