Giants - Top 1st. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco struck out looking. Cabrera struck out swinging. Sandoval grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Cain pitching for Giants. Bloomquist singled to center. Bloomquist stole second, Bloomquist safe at third on throwing error by catcher Posey. Hill flied out to center. Upton struck out swinging. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 2nd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey singled to left. Huff walked, Posey to second. Belt popped out to third. Crawford doubled to left, Posey and Huff scored, Crawford to third advancing on throw. Burriss grounded out to third, Crawford scored. Cain struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Cain pitching for Giants. Young popped out to second. Roberts struck out swinging. Overbay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco doubled to deep right. Cabrera lined out to right, Blanco to third. Sandoval singled to center, Blanco scored. Posey homered to right center (411 feet), Sandoval scored. Huff popped out to shortstop. Belt struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Cain pitching for Giants. Parra grounded out to second. Blum hit for Collmenter. Blum flied out to center. Bloomquist doubled to right center. Hill flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford grounded out to second. Burriss grounded out to pitcher. Cain safe at first on throwing error by catcher Montero. Blanco grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Cain pitching for Giants. Upton flied out to center. Montero walked. Young singled to left, Montero to second. Roberts flied out to center. Overbay doubled to deep right, Montero and Young scored. Parra flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera safe at first on error by shortstop Bloomquist. Sandoval flied out to right. Posey safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Roberts, Cabrera to second. Huff lined out to center. Belt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Cain pitching for Giants. Miley grounded out to third. Bloomquist flied out to left. Hill popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford walked. Burriss safe at first on error by second baseman Hill, Crawford to second. Cain grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crawford out at third, Burriss to third. Blanco struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cain out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Cain pitching for Giants. Upton struck out looking. Montero walked. Young fouled out to first. Roberts homered to left center (423 feet), Montero scored. Overbay homered to right center (436 feet). Parra lined out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Sandoval fouled out to first. Posey walked. Huff grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Posey out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Cabrera in left field. Schierholtz in right field. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Kubel hit for Miley. Kubel singled to left. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kubel out at second. Hill walked, Bloomquist to second. Casilla pitching for Giants. Upton walked, Bloomquist to third, Hill to second. Lopez pitching for Giants. Montero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bloomquist scored, Hill to third, Upton safe at second on error by shortstop Crawford. Blanco in left field. Cabrera in right field. Romo pitching for Giants. Pagan in center field. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hill scored on error by catcher Posey, Upton to third, Montero to second. Roberts grounded into double play, third to first, Montero out at third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks. Pill hit for Belt. Pill walked. Crawford struck out swinging. Burriss grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pill out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Pill at first base. Romo pitching for Giants. Overbay doubled to deep right. Parra sacrificed into fielder's choice to catcher, Overbay to third. Goldschmidt hit for Breslow. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Bloomquist bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Overbay out at home, Parra to second. Hill flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Pagan grounded out to second. Blanco flied out to center. Cabrera singled to left center. Sandoval hit by pitch, Cabrera to second. Posey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 6 - Diamondbacks 7.	D-backs rally from six down, sweep Giants \n\n