Giants - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco walked. Belt grounded out to second, Blanco scored. Cabrera lined out to right. Posey walked. Pagan doubled to deep right, Posey to third. Arias grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Cain pitching for Giants. Bloomquist walked. Bloomquist caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Parra struck out swinging. Upton hit by pitch. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Burriss fouled out to third. Crawford struck out swinging. Cain grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Cain pitching for Giants. Roberts flied out to center. Overbay grounded out to second. Kubel flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco grounded out to first. Belt grounded out to first. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Cain pitching for Giants. Hill tripled to deep right center. Cahill struck out swinging. Bloomquist hit sacrifice fly to right, Hill scored. Parra hit ground rule double to deep right center. Upton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey grounded out to second. Pagan singled to center. Pagan stole second. Arias walked. Burriss grounded into fielder's choice to second, Arias out at second, Pagan to third. Crawford bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Cain pitching for Giants. Montero struck out swinging. Roberts lined out to third. Overbay lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Cain singled to left. Blanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cain out at second. Blanco stole second. Belt struck out swinging. Cabrera hit ground rule double to right, Blanco scored. Posey lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Cain pitching for Giants. Kubel walked. Hill grounded out to third, Kubel to second. Cahill grounded out to pitcher. Bloomquist struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Pagan singled to left. Arias grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pagan out at second. Burriss hit by pitch. Crawford hit by pitch, Burriss to second. Cain doubled to right, Burriss and Crawford scored. Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Cain pitching for Giants. Parra struck out looking. Upton struck out looking. Montero singled to left. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Montero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt flied out to left. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop. Posey safe at first on error by third baseman Roberts, Cabrera to second. Pagan walked, Cabrera to third, Posey to second. Arias grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at home, Posey to third, Pagan to second. Burriss struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Lopez pitching for Giants. Pollock hit for Overbay. Pollock struck out swinging. Kubel doubled to left, Kubel to third on throwing error by left fielder Cabrera. Hensley pitching for Giants. Hill struck out looking. Goldschmidt hit for Breslow. Goldschmidt safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Crawford, Kubel scored. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks. Goldschmidt at first base. Crawford struck out looking. Pill hit for Hensley. Pill grounded out to pitcher. Blanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Romo pitching for Giants. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Upton singled to center. Montero struck out looking. Roberts grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt tripled to deep right center. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera doubled to left, Belt scored. Posey grounded out to third. Pagan intentionally walked. Arias grounded out to second, Cabrera to third, Pagan to second. Burriss grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Casilla pitching for Giants. McDonald hit for Ziegler. McDonald grounded out to third. Kubel singled to right. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kubel out at second. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 5 - Diamondbacks 2.	Cain's arm, bat lead Giants by Diamondbacks