Giants - Top 1st. Wilson pitching for Angels. Blanco fouled out to third. Theriot grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to center. Posey flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Zito pitching for Giants. Trout doubled to left. Hunter reached on bunt single to third, Trout to third. Pujols homered to left center, Trout and Hunter scored. (399 feet). Trumbo reached on infield single to shortstop. Kendrick walked, Trumbo to second. Callaspo sacrificed to pitcher, Trumbo to third, Kendrick to second. Aybar walked. Bourjos hit sacrifice fly to left, Trumbo scored. Hester grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aybar out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Wilson pitching for Angels. Pagan safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Callaspo. Sandoval reached on infield single to shortstop, Pagan scored. Belt flied out to center. Sanchez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sandoval out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Zito pitching for Giants. Trout doubled to left. Hunter flied out to right, Trout to third. Pujols singled to center, Trout scored. Trumbo grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Pujols out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Wilson pitching for Angels. Arias flied out to center. Blanco struck out swinging. Theriot flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Zito pitching for Giants. Kendrick grounded out to pitcher. Callaspo grounded out to shortstop. Aybar reached on infield single to third. Bourjos flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Cabrera doubled to left. Posey grounded out to third. Pagan popped out to first. Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Wilson. Sandoval walked. Belt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Zito pitching for Giants. Hester singled to left. Trout singled to center, Hester to second. Hunter struck out swinging. Pujols walked, Hester to third, Trout to second. Kontos pitching for Giants. Trumbo tripled to deep center, Hester, Trout and Pujols scored. Kendrick hit sacrifice fly to right, Trumbo scored. Callaspo struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Sanchez singled to center. Arias singled to center, Sanchez to second. Blanco grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sanchez to third, Arias safe at second on error by second baseman Kendrick. Theriot hit sacrifice fly to right, Sanchez scored, Arias to third. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arias scored, Blanco out at second. Posey grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 5th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Aybar struck out looking. Bourjos struck out swinging. Hester struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Pagan singled to center. Sandoval reached on infield single to second, Pagan to second. Belt struck out swinging. Sanchez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sandoval out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Trout singled to center. Hunter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Trout out at second. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Arias singled to shallow right. Blanco grounded into fielder's choice to first, Arias out at second. Theriot singled to right, Blanco to second. Cabrera singled to left, Blanco to third, Theriot to second. Hawkins pitching for Angels. Posey singled to left, Blanco scored, Theriot to third, Cabrera to second. Pagan grounded out to first, Theriot scored, Cabrera to third, Posey to second. Sandoval lined out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Hensley pitching for Giants. Trumbo flied out to left. Kendrick flied out to center. Callaspo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Downs pitching for Angels. Belt reached on infield single to second. Sanchez struck out swinging. Arias doubled to left, Belt to third. Blanco struck out swinging. Frieri pitching for Angels. Theriot flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Hensley pitching for Giants. Aybar struck out swinging. Bourjos reached on bunt single to pitcher. Bourjos stole second. Hester flied out to left. Trout walked. Hunter singled to left, Bourjos scored, Trout to third, Hunter to second on throwing error by left fielder Cabrera. Pujols intentionally walked. Trumbo singled to right, Trout and Hunter scored, Pujols to second. Lopez pitching for Giants. Romine ran for Pujols. Kendrick walked, Romine to third, Trumbo to second. Callaspo grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 9th. Romine at second base. Kendrick at first base. Carpenter pitching for Angels. Cabrera popped out to third. Schierholtz hit for Posey. Schierholtz struck out swinging. Pagan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 5 - Angels 12.	Pujols, Trumbo shine as Angels ambush Giants