Giants - Top 1st. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Pagan struck out swinging. Scutaro struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to center. Posey singled to left, Cabrera to second. Pence singled to left, Cabrera scored, Posey to second. Belt flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Jay singled to right. Carpenter grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Jay out at second. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Theriot grounded out to shortstop. Crawford grounded out to second. Vogelsong grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Beltran flied out to left. Freese flied out to right. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Pagan reached on infield single to shortstop. Scutaro singled to right, Pagan scored. Cabrera popped out to third. Posey grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Scutaro out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Descalso flied out to center. Greene struck out swinging. Kelly struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Pence flied out to center. Belt doubled to deep center. Theriot struck out looking. Crawford grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Jay singled to left. Jay caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Carpenter walked. Holliday walked, Carpenter to second. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to second, Holliday out at second, Carpenter to third. Freese grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Vogelsong grounded out to second. Pagan grounded out to shortstop. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Molina popped out to second. Descalso flied out to left. Greene struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera doubled to left. Posey walked. Pence singled to center, Cabrera scored, Posey to second. Belt singled to left, Posey to third, Pence to second. Theriot grounded into fielder's choice to second, Posey and Pence scored on error by second baseman Greene, Belt safe at third on error by second baseman Greene. Browning pitching for Cardinals. Crawford singled to left, Belt scored, Theriot to second. Vogelsong sacrificed to pitcher, Theriot to third, Crawford to second. Pagan hit sacrifice fly to center, Theriot scored. Scutaro grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Browning grounded out to shortstop. Jay flied out to center. Carpenter tripled to right. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Browning pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera popped out to second. Posey walked. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Posey out at second. Belt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Beltran walked. Freese grounded out to third, Beltran to second. Molina flied out to left. Descalso lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Fuentes pitching for Cardinals. Cruz catching. Theriot walked. Crawford singled to center, Theriot to second. Pill hit for Vogelsong. Pill reached on infield single to shortstop, Theriot scored, Crawford to second. Pagan walked, Crawford to third, Pill to second. Scutaro doubled to left, Crawford and Pill scored, Pagan to third. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Pagan scored. Posey walked. Pence struck out swinging. Belt lined out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Blanco in left field. Sanchez catching. Kontos pitching for Giants. Pill at first base. Greene grounded out to third. Cruz popped out to third. Jay grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Robinson in left field. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Theriot singled to center. Crawford walked, Theriot to second. Pill lined out to third. Pagan walked, Theriot to third, Crawford to second. Scutaro homered to left (376 feet), Theriot, Crawford and Pagan scored. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Blanco lined out to shortstop. Sanchez flied out to left. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Mijares pitching for Giants. Carpenter singled to right. Carpenter to second on fielder's indifference. Robinson walked. Beltran flied out to left. Freese struck out looking. Schumaker hit for Rzepczynski. Carpenter to third, Robinson to second on wild pitch by Mijares. Schumaker lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 15 - Cardinals 0.	Giants clobber Cards as Scutaro drives in 7   \n\n