Nationals - Top 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Lombardozzi singled to center. Harper struck out looking. Zimmerman doubled to deep right, Lombardozzi scored. LaRoche struck out looking. Morse flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Pagan lined out to shortstop. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Espinosa struck out swinging. Bernadina grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Posey grounded out to third. Pence walked. Theriot flied out to center. Belt singled to center, Pence to second. Arias grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Gonzalez struck out looking. Lombardozzi walked. Harper singled to left, Lombardozzi to second. Zimmerman singled to center, Lombardozzi to third, Harper to second. LaRoche walked, Lombardozzi scored, Harper to third, Zimmerman to second. Morse reached on infield single to third, Harper scored, Zimmerman to third, LaRoche to second. Espinosa singled to right, Zimmerman scored, LaRoche to third, Morse to second. Bernadina reached on infield single to second, LaRoche scored, Morse to third, Espinosa to second. Suzuki doubled to left, Morse, Espinosa and Bernadina scored. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Lombardozzi singled to right, Suzuki to third. Penny pitching for Giants. Harper flied out to left. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Penny grounded out to pitcher. Pagan hit ground rule double to deep center. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop, Pagan to third. Cabrera fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Penny pitching for Giants. Zimmerman singled to center. LaRoche flied out to center, Zimmerman to second. Morse walked. Espinosa reached on infield single to second, Zimmerman to third, Morse to second. Bernadina doubled to deep right, Zimmerman and Morse scored, Espinosa to third. Suzuki singled to right center, Espinosa scored, Bernadina to third. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bernadina out at home, Suzuki to second. Lombardozzi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Posey singled to right center. Pence struck out swinging. Theriot flied out to center. Belt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Sanchez catching. Penny pitching for Giants. Harper singled to left. Zimmerman struck out looking. LaRoche grounded out to second, Harper to third. Moore hit for Morse. Harper scored on Penny's wild pitch. Moore walked. Espinosa homered to center (411 feet), Moore scored. Bernadina singled to center. Mijares pitching for Giants. Suzuki doubled to left, Bernadina to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Moore in right field. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Arias struck out looking. Mijares struck out looking. Blanco hit for Pagan. Blanco walked. Scutaro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Blanco in center field. Mijares pitching for Giants. Lombardozzi grounded out to pitcher. Harper struck out looking. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Cabrera grounded out to third. Sanchez grounded out to first. Pence grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. LaRoche struck out swinging. Moore grounded out to third. Espinosa singled to left. Bernadina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Theriot singled to center. Belt flied out to left. Arias singled to deep left center, Theriot to third, Arias out stretching at second. Crawford hit for Affeldt. Crawford homered to right (357 feet), Theriot scored. Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals. Tracy at first base. Blanco struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Casilla pitching for Giants. Suzuki flied out to left. Tracy doubled to deep left. Lombardozzi reached on infield single to shortstop. Harper grounded out to first, Tracy to third, Lombardozzi to second. Izturis hit for Zimmerman. Izturis fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Izturis at third base. Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals. Scutaro singled to center. Cabrera singled to right, Scutaro to second. Sanchez flied out to right. Pence struck out swinging. Scutaro to third, Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Gorzelanny. Theriot flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Gorzelanny lined out to center. Moore walked. Espinosa grounded into fielder's choice to second, Moore out at second. Bernadina singled to right, Espinosa to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bernadina out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals. Belt grounded out to pitcher. Arias walked. Sandoval hit for Kontos. Sandoval fouled out to third. Arias to second on passed ball by Suzuki. Blanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 14 - Giants 2.	Suzuki, Nationals blast Giants in 14-2 rout