Indians - Top 1st. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Hernández flied out to right. Ramírez flied out to center. Lindor walked. Santana safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Frazier, Lindor to second. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Frazier struck out swinging. Newman doubled to left. Bell grounded out to shortstop, Newman to third. Moran singled to right, Newman scored. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Naquin doubled to deep center. Santana flied out to center. Pérez struck out swinging. DeShields lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Polanco struck out swinging. González struck out swinging. Dyson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Hernández doubled to deep center. Ramírez walked, Hernández to third on wild pitch by Brubaker. Lindor walked, Ramírez to second. Santana singled to center, Hernández scored and Ramírez scored, Lindor to third. Reyes hit sacrifice fly to center, Lindor scored. Naquin grounded into fielder's choice to third, Santana out at second. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Stallings reached on infield single to second. Frazier flied out to center. Newman bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Stallings out at second. Bell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Holland pitching for Pirates. Pérez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman González. Delino DeShields bunt grounds out softly to catcher Jacob Stallings.   Delino DeShields out at 1st.  Delino DeShields out on batter interference. Derek Holland pitches to Delino DeShields. Hernández struck out swinging. Ramírez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Moran walked. Reynolds hit into fielder's choice to right, Moran out at second. Polanco walked, Reynolds to second. González lined out to right, Reynolds to third. Dyson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Holland pitching for Pirates. Lindor singled to center. Santana grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lindor out at second. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Stallings struck out swinging. Frazier reached on infield single to pitcher. Newman walked, Frazier to second. Newman to second on wild pitch by Carrasco, Frazier to third on wild pitch by Carrasco. Bell doubled to catcher, Frazier scored and Newman scored. Pérez pitching for Indians. Moran struck out looking. Reynolds struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Naquin struck out swinging. Santana struck out swinging. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Indians. Polanco grounded out to pitcher. Hill pitching for Indians. González flied out to center. Dyson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. DeShields singled to center. Turley pitching for Pirates. Hernández bunted into fielder's choice to first, DeShields out at second. Hernández to second on balk. Ramírez continues to at bat after dropped foul ball by catcher Stallings. Ramírez struck out swinging. Lindor flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Maton pitching for Indians. Stallings struck out swinging. Frazier struck out swinging. Newman reached on infield single to second. Bell hit by pitch, Newman to second. Karinchak pitching for Indians. Moran grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Santana grounded out to second. Reyes flied out to right. Naquin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Karinchak pitching for Indians. Reynolds struck out swinging. Polanco struck out swinging. González lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Kela pitching for Pirates. Santana walked. Zimmer ran for Santana. Pérez flied out to left. Zimmer stole second. DeShields struck out swinging. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Zimmer in left field. Wittgren pitching for Indians. Dyson reached on infield single to first. Stallings sacrificed, Dyson to second. Dyson picked off second. Frazier flied out to right. Newman singled to left, Stallings to second. Tucker ran for Stallings. Bell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 10th. Murphy catching. Howard pitching for Pirates. Ramírez struck out swinging. Lindor hit by pitch. Santana homered to left (442 feet), Hernández scored and Lindor scored. Reyes lined out to right. Naquin struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 10th. Hand pitching for Indians. Moran struck out looking. Reynolds reached on infield single to third, Bell to third. Polanco struck out swinging. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 6 - Pirates 3.	Santana homer in 10th, 5 RBIs lift Indians over Pirates 6-3