Cubs - Top 1st. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Happ struck out swinging. Bryant flied out to right. Rizzo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Mills pitching for Cubs. Tucker grounded out to second. González flied out to left. Moran doubled to deep center. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Báez flied out to left. Schwarber singled to right center. Contreras struck out swinging, Schwarber to second on wild pitch by Brubaker. Heyward walked. Caratini singled to right center, Schwarber scored, Heyward to third. Caratini caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. JT Brubaker pitches to Jason Kipnis. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Mills pitching for Cubs. Reynolds doubled to deep right center. Frazier flied out to left. Alford grounded out to shortstop, Reynolds to third. Riddle grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Kipnis reached on infield single to third. Happ doubled to left, Kipnis to third. Kipnis scored, Happ safe at third, Bryant safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Riddle. Rizzo grounded out to third, Bryant to second. Báez struck out swinging. Schwarber struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Mills pitching for Cubs. Murphy doubled to center. Tucker reached on infield single to second, Murphy to third. González hit sacrifice fly to center, Murphy scored. Moran flied out to right. Polanco singled to center, Tucker to third. Reynolds homered to right (397 feet), Tucker scored and Polanco scored. Frazier grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Contreras singled to shallow center. Heyward struck out looking, Contreras caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Caratini singled to center. Kipnis singled to deep right, Caratini to third. Maybin hit for Happ. Maybin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kipnis out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Maybin in center field. Mills pitching for Cubs. Alford flied out to left. Riddle walked. Murphy flied out to left. Tucker popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Bryant grounded out to shortstop. Rizzo grounded out to shortstop. Báez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Mills pitching for Cubs. González struck out swinging. Moran grounded out to second. Polanco singled to center. Reynolds lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Howard pitching for Pirates. Schwarber singled to center. Contreras lined out to right. Heyward doubled to deep right, Schwarber to third. Martínez hit for Caratini. Martínez walked. Kipnis struck out swinging. Hartlieb pitching for Pirates. Maybin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Martínez as designated hitter. Adam pitching for Cubs. Frazier walked. Alford grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Frazier safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Adam. Riddle grounded into fielder's choice to first, Alford out at second, Frazier to third. Riddle stole second. Murphy struck out swinging. Tucker singled to left, Frazier scored and Riddle scored. González singled to center, Tucker to third. Ryan pitching for Cubs. Moran walked, González to second. Polanco grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 7th. Hartlieb pitching for Pirates. Bryant struck out looking. Rizzo singled to center. Báez grounded into double play, second to first, Rizzo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Underwood Jr. pitching for Cubs. Reynolds flied out to right. Frazier doubled to deep left center. Alford grounded out to first, Frazier to third. Riddle lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Turley pitching for Pirates. Schwarber walked. Contreras grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Schwarber out at second. Heyward struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Kimbrel pitching for Cubs. Murphy struck out looking. Tucker flied out to left. González struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Martínez struck out looking. Kipnis struck out swinging. Maybin safe at first on throwing error by shortstop González. Maybin to second on fielder's indifference. Bryant struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 2 - Pirates 6.	New father Reynolds homers as Pirates top Cubs 6-2