Pirates - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Royals. González flied out to right. Frazier fouled out to third. Hayes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Pirates. Merrifield homered to left (386 feet). Mondesi struck out swinging. Pérez grounded out to third. Franco fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Moran fouled out to left. Bell homered to left (373 feet). Polanco lined out to second. Reynolds homered to center (421 feet). Newman grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Dozier grounded out to first. Gordon lined out to center. Gutiérrez walked. Olivares reached on infield single to pitcher, Gutiérrez to second. Lopez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Stallings struck out swinging. González grounded out to third. Frazier homered to right (391 feet). Hayes grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Merrifield singled to right. Mondesi homered to center (417 feet), Merrifield scored. Pérez struck out swinging. Franco struck out swinging. Dozier singled to right center. Gordon reached on bunt single to catcher, Dozier to second. Gutiérrez grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Zimmer pitching for Royals. Moran struck out looking. Bell grounded out to first. Polanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Olivares grounded out to shortstop. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Merrifield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Zimmer pitching for Royals. Reynolds walked. Newman flied out to right. Stallings grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Mondesi reached on infield single to first. Mondesi stole second. Pérez singled to center, Mondesi scored. Franco singled to deep left, Franco out stretching at second, Pérez to third. Dozier walked. Gordon reached on infield single to catcher, Pérez scored on error, Dozier to second, Gordon to second, Dozier safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Williams. Gutiérrez walked. Olivares hit sacrifice fly to center, Dozier scored, Gordon to third. Lopez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 6th. Zimmer pitching for Royals. González grounded out to second. Frazier singled to left. Hahn pitching for Royals. Hayes flied out to center. Moran grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Davis pitching for Pirates. Merrifield grounded out to second. Mondesi struck out swinging. Pérez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Staumont pitching for Royals. Bell singled to center. Polanco singled to right, Bell to second. Reynolds grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Polanco out at second, Bell to third. Newman grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Crick pitching for Pirates. Franco struck out swinging. Dozier grounded out to first. Gordon singled to left center. Gutiérrez singled to center, Gordon to third. Olivares walked, Gutiérrez to second. Lopez walked, Gordon scored, Olivares to second, Gutiérrez to third. Howard pitching for Pirates. Merrifield grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lopez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Barlow pitching for Royals. Stallings flied out to right. González doubled to center. González stole third. Frazier grounded out to second, González scored. Hayes reached on infield single to shortstop. Hayes to second on wild pitch by Barlow. Moran struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Holland pitching for Pirates. Mondesi struck out swinging. Pérez doubled to deep center. Franco grounded out to catcher. Dozier struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Holland pitching for Royals. Bell grounded out to second. Polanco struck out swinging. Reynolds flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Royals 7.	Mondesi has HR, SB; Zimmer gets 1st win as Royals top Bucs