Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Rojas singled to shallow left. Marte grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rojas out at second. Walker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Hampson reached on infield single to pitcher. Hampson stole second, Hampson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Kelly. Owings tripled to catcher, Hampson scored. Story struck out looking. Cron struck out swinging. McMahon popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Peralta grounded out to first. Cabrera struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Fuentes struck out looking. Díaz walked. Daza grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Díaz out at second. Senzatela grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Daza out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Kelly doubled to deep right. Locastro grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kelly out at third. Bumgarner struck out swinging. Rojas flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Hampson flied out to center. Owings doubled to left. Story grounded out to second, Owings to third. Cron doubled to deep right, Owings scored. McMahon walked. Fuentes singled to left, Cron scored, McMahon to second. Díaz grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Marte grounded out to second. Walker doubled to catcher. Peralta grounded out to second, Walker to third. Cabrera walked. Escobar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Daza singled to left center. Senzatela sacrificed to pitcher, Daza to second. Hampson singled to left, Daza scored. Hampson stole second. Owings doubled to deep right center, Hampson scored. Story flied out to right, Owings to third. Cron hit by pitch. McMahon popped out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Kelly lined out to right. Locastro flied out to left. Bumgarner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Fuentes popped out to first. Díaz struck out swinging. Daza flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Hilliard in right field. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Rojas grounded out to second. Marte grounded out to third. Hilliard in right field. Walker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Locastro in center field. VanMeter in right field. Senzatela struck out swinging. Hampson walked. Hampson stole second. Hilliard struck out swinging. Story struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Peralta grounded out to third. Cabrera grounded out to second. Escobar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Cron struck out looking. McMahon flied out to left. Fuentes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Kelly walked. Locastro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kelly out at second. VanMeter singled to right, Locastro to second. Rojas grounded into fielder's choice to second, VanMeter out at second, Locastro to third. Vogt hit for Smith. Locastro out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Antonio Senzatela pitches to Stephen Vogt. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Swarzak pitching for Diamondbacks. Díaz singled to center. Daza struck out looking. Tapia hit for Senzatela. Tapia flied out to right. Hampson walked, Díaz to second. Hilliard tripled to right, Díaz scored and Hampson scored. Hilliard scored on balk. Story lined out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Mathisen hit for Swarzak. Sheffield pitching for Rockies. Mathisen singled to center. Walker popped out to catcher. Mathisen to second on wild pitch by Sheffield. Peralta struck out, Peralta to first on wild pitch by Sheffield, Mathisen to third on wild pitch by Sheffield. Cabrera flied out to second. Peralta to second on fielder's indifference. Escobar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 0 - Rockies 8.	Senzatela sizzling on cool night, Rox beat Diamondbacks 8-0