Reds - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Rockies. Senzel grounded out to second. Winker singled to right center. Castellanos walked, Winker to second. Moustakas grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castellanos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Castillo pitching for Reds. Tapia singled to left. Joe doubled to deep right, Tapia scored. Blackmon flied out to center, Joe to third. McMahon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Joe out at home. Fuentes homered to left (385 feet), McMahon scored. Nuñez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Rockies. Suárez flied out to left. Barnhart flied out to shortstop. Farmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Castillo pitching for Reds. Daza singled to center. Trejo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Daza out at second. Trejo to second on balk. González struck out looking. Tapia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Rockies. India grounded out to first. Castillo singled to shallow center. Akiyama hit for Senzel. Akiyama grounded into fielder's choice to second, Castillo out at second. Winker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Akiyama in center field. Castillo pitching for Reds. Joe walked. Blackmon struck out swinging. McMahon flied out to right. Fuentes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Joe out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Rockies. Castellanos popped out to first. Moustakas singled to center. Suárez flied out to center. Barnhart flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Castillo pitching for Reds. Nuñez flied out to right. Daza reached on infield single to catcher. Trejo doubled to third, Daza to third. González grounded out to first. Tapia walked. Joe singled to right, Daza scored and Trejo scored, Tapia to third. Blackmon reached on infield single to first, Tapia scored, Joe to third. McMahon singled to deep center, Joe scored, Blackmon to second. Fuentes singled to center, Blackmon scored, McMahon to third. Fulmer pitching for Reds. Nuñez struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Rockies. Farmer flied out to right. India fouled out to first. Fulmer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Blandino at first base. Fulmer pitching for Reds. Daza walked. Trejo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Daza out at second. González sacrificed to third, Trejo to second. Tapia reached on infield single to shortstop, Trejo scored on throwing error by shortstop Farmer. Joe walked, Tapia to second. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tapia out at third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Rockies. Akiyama grounded out to third. Winker grounded out to third. Castellanos doubled to deep left. Blandino grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Fulmer pitching for Reds. McMahon doubled to shallow left. Fuentes singled to center, McMahon scored. Romano pitching for Reds. Nuñez flied out to center. Daza flied out to center. Trejo grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Rockies. Suárez lined out to left. Barnhart struck out swinging. Farmer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Hendrix pitching for Reds. González walked. Tapia walked, González to second. Joe lined out to left. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop, Tapia to second, González to third. McMahon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Gilbreath pitching for Rockies. Daza in right field. Hampson in center field. India singled to shallow left. Stephenson hit for Hendrix. Stephenson homered to right (396 feet), India scored. Akiyama singled to left. Winker struck out swinging. Stephenson pitching for Rockies. Castellanos singled to shallow right center, Akiyama to third. Blandino singled to shallow right, Akiyama scored, Castellanos to second. Suárez struck out swinging. Barnhart singled to left, Castellanos scored, Blandino to second. Farmer singled to deep center, Blandino scored, Barnhart to third. Givens pitching for Rockies. India homered to right (406 feet), Barnhart scored and Farmer scored. Stephenson struck out swinging. 8 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Pérez pitching for Reds. Fuentes flied out to right. Nuñez walked. Daza doubled to deep right, Nuñez scored on throwing error by second baseman India, Daza to third. Trejo hit sacrifice fly to right, Daza scored. Hampson homered to left (400 feet). Tapia grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 9th. Bowden pitching for Rockies. Akiyama grounded out to first. Winker walked. Castellanos lined out to center. Winker to second on fielder's indifference. Blandino lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 8 - Rockies 13.	Fuentes, Gonzalez shine as Rockies hold off Reds 13-8