Cardinals - Top 1st. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Carlson struck out swinging. Goldschmidt singled to right. Arenado popped out to first. O'Neill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Hampson singled to left, Hampson safe at second on throwing error by left fielder O'Neill. Daza lined out to center. Story struck out looking. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Molina flied out to center. Edman tripled to deep center. DeJong singled to left, Edman scored. Bader grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, DeJong safe at second on fielding error by second baseman Rodgers. Wainwright sacrificed to pitcher, Bader to second, DeJong to third. Carlson grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cron walked. Rodgers homered to center (451 feet), Cron scored. McMahon singled to right. Díaz struck out swinging. Senzatela sacrificed to first, McMahon to second. Hampson safe at first on fielding error by shortstop DeJong, McMahon safe at third on error. Daza grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hampson out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt homered to left (403 feet). Arenado popped out to first. O'Neill doubled to deep right. Molina struck out swinging. Edman fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Story flied out to left. Blackmon grounded out to second. Cron grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. DeJong struck out swinging. Bader grounded out to shortstop. Wainwright struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Rodgers singled to left. McMahon lined out to center. Díaz doubled to deep left, Rodgers to third. Senzatela lined into double play, first to third, Rodgers doubled off third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Carlson grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Hampson lined out to right. Daza grounded out to third. Story grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. O'Neill reached on infield single to pitcher. Molina grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, O'Neill out at second. Edman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Blackmon struck out swinging. Cron grounded out to first. Rodgers flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. DeJong singled to shallow right. Bader grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeJong out at second. Wainwright sacrificed to pitcher, Bader to second. Carlson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. McMahon lined out to center. Díaz singled to right. Tapia hit for Senzatela. Tapia grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Díaz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Kinley pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. O'Neill flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Hampson struck out swinging. Daza flied out to center. Story flied out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Bard pitching for Rockies. Molina flied out to right. Edman walked. DeJong struck out swinging. Bader struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Sosa at shortstop. Blackmon struck out swinging. Cron grounded out to third. Rodgers walked. McMahon walked, Rodgers to second. Díaz homered to left (424 feet), Rodgers scored and McMahon scored. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 2 - Rockies 5.	Díaz's walk-off homer lifts Rockies over Cardinals, 5-2