Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Kata grounded out to second . Cintron singled to right . Gonzalez singled to right , Cintron to third . Hillenbrand hit by pitch , Gonzalez to second . Finley popped out to third . Bautista grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Glanville struck out swinging . Polanco doubled to deep right . Abreu fouled out to third . Burrell struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Tracy walked . Hammock grounded into double play , third to second to first , Tracy out at second . Johnson singled to right center . Kata singled to right , Johnson to third . Cintron flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop . Bell struck out swinging . Wooten struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez fouled out to third . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Finley popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Rollins safe at first on error by shortstop Cintron . Padilla sacrificed to catcher , Rollins to second . Glanville reached on infield single to shortstop , Rollins scored on throwing error by shortstop Cintron . Polanco doubled to deep left , Glanville to third . Abreu grounded out to second , Glanville scored , Polanco to third . Burrell struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Tracy flied out to center . Hammock doubled to deep right . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Lieberthal walked . Bell flied out to left . Wooten struck out swinging . Rollins doubled to deep left center , Lieberthal scored . Rollins to third on passed ball by Hammock . Padilla struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Kata grounded out to third . Cintron grounded out to first . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Glanville struck out swinging . Polanco struck out looking . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Hillenbrand fouled out to first . Finley tripled to deep center . Bautista hit sacrifice fly to right , Finley scored . Tracy walked . Baerga hit for Johnson . Hammock doubled to deep right , Tracy to third . Baerga homered to right , Tracy and Hammock scored . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Kata singled to center . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Cintron flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Burrell grounded out to second . Lieberthal reached on infield single to second . Bell flied out to center . Wooten grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lieberthal out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez walked . Hillenbrand singled to right , Gonzalez to third . Finley singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Hillenbrand to third . Bautista hit sacrifice fly to right , Hillenbrand scored . Tracy struck out swinging , Finley to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Mayne hit for Koplove . Hammock intentionally walked . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Mayne grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Byrd hit for Hernandez . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Rollins flied out to center . Byrd struck out swinging . Madson pitching for Phillies . Glanville fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Kata doubled to deep right . Cintron grounded out to first , Kata to third . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Hillenbrand grounded out to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Finley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Polanco singled to right . Abreu doubled to deep right , Polanco to third . Burrell hit sacrifice fly to center , Polanco scored , Abreu to third . Lieberthal struck out swinging . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Perez at third base . Bell struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Bautista flied out to center . Tracy flied out to left . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Michaels hit for Wooten . Hammock grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Michaels singled to right . Rollins flied out to left . Ledee hit for Glanville . Perez popped out to shortstop . Ledee singled to center , Michaels to third . Polanco flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Phillies 4 .	Johnson pulled early , but Arizona edges Phillies