Phillies - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Glanville safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Tracy . Glanville stole second , Glanville safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hammock . Rollins walked . Rollins stole second . Abreu singled to left , Glanville scored , Rollins to third . Thome grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rollins scored , Abreu out at second . Burrell struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Milton pitching for Phillies . Kata popped out to shortstop . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Lieberthal singled to right . Bell struck out swinging . Lieberthal caught stealing second , catcher to second . Perez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Milton pitching for Phillies . Hillenbrand grounded out to pitcher . Finley struck out swinging . Bautista singled to left center . Tracy doubled to deep right , Bautista scored . Hammock intentionally walked . Webb struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Milton grounded out to shortstop . Glanville popped out to third . Rollins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Milton pitching for Phillies . Kata reached first base on catcher 's interference . Cintron flied out to right . Gonzalez homered to right , Kata scored . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Finley doubled to right . Bautista intentionally walked . Tracy popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Abreu walked . Abreu stole second . Thome grounded out to second , Abreu to third . Burrell walked . Lieberthal struck out swinging . Bell singled to center , Abreu scored , Burrell to second . Perez homered to right , Burrell and Bell scored . Milton grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Milton pitching for Phillies . Hammock flied out to right . Webb lined out to center . Kata flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Glanville struck out swinging . Rollins tripled to deep right . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to left , Rollins scored . Thome doubled to deep right center . Burrell grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Milton pitching for Phillies . Cintron doubled to right . Gonzalez flied out to right , Cintron to third . Hillenbrand doubled to right , Cintron scored . Finley grounded out to second , Hillenbrand to third . Bautista singled to right , Hillenbrand scored . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Lieberthal doubled to deep center . Bell grounded out to second , Lieberthal to third . Perez hit sacrifice fly to right , Lieberthal scored . Utley hit for Milton . Madson pitching for Phillies . Utley flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Devore hit for Mantei . Madson pitching for Phillies . Hammock grounded out to first . Devore grounded out to shortstop . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Kata grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Glanville struck out swinging . Rollins flied out to right . Abreu singled to right . Thome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Cintron flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Hillenbrand singled to center . Finley lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Burrell singled to right center . Lieberthal grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Burrell out at second . Bell grounded into double play , second to first , Lieberthal out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Bautista reached on infield single to third . Tracy flied out to left . Baerga hit for Randolph . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Michaels in left field . Hammock singled to right , Bautista to second . Baerga singled to left , Bautista to third , Hammock to second . Sadler ran for Baerga . Kata hit sacrifice fly to center , Bautista scored , Hammock to third . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Cintron grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez lined out to second . Michaels flied out to right . Glanville singled to center . Glanville stole second . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez doubled to deep center . Hillenbrand singled to left , Gonzalez to third . Finley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gonzalez scored , Hillenbrand out at second . Bautista grounded out to second , Finley to second . Tracy grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 8 - Diamondbacks 7 .	Phillies win 4 of last 5 vs. Diamondbacks