Phillies - Top 1st . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Byrd homered to left . Rollins singled to right . Abreu grounded out to second , Rollins to second . Thome struck out swinging . Rollins stole third . Burrell walked . Lieberthal flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Myers pitching for Phillies . Kata grounded out to pitcher . Cintron struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Bell grounded out to third . Perez flied out to right . Myers grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Hillenbrand doubled to deep right . Finley struck out swinging , Hillenbrand to third on wild pitch by Myers . Bautista grounded out to shortstop , Hillenbrand scored . Tracy grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Byrd walked . Byrd caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Rollins popped out to shortstop . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Mayne grounded out to first . Sparks struck out swinging . Kata flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Thome grounded out to first . Burrell grounded out to third . Lieberthal singled to right . Bell flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Cintron grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez popped out to third . Hillenbrand singled to center . Finley singled to right , Hillenbrand to third . Bautista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Myers doubled to deep center . Byrd hit by pitch . Rollins singled to right , Myers scored , Byrd to third , Rollins to second advancing on throw . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to left , Byrd scored , Rollins to third . Thome lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Tracy singled to center . Mayne grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Tracy out at second . Sparks singled to left . Kata grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Burrell struck out looking . Lieberthal fouled out to third . Bell grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Cintron grounded out to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Hillenbrand safe at first on error by third baseman Bell . Hillenbrand to second on wild pitch by Myers . Finley grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez doubled to left . Myers bunt popped out foul to first . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Byrd walked . Rollins reached on infield single to third , Perez to third , Byrd to second , Perez scored , Byrd to third , Rollins to second on throwing error by third baseman Tracy . Abreu intentionally walked . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Thome walked , Byrd scored , Rollins to third , Abreu to second . Burrell walked , Rollins scored , Abreu to third , Thome to second . Lieberthal fouled out to catcher . Bell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Burrell out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Bautista struck out looking . Tracy lined out to center . Devore hit for Bruney . Mayne singled to right . Devore singled to center , Mayne to second . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Kata grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez doubled to deep right . Myers sacrificed to first , Perez to third . Perez scored on Villarreal 's wild pitch . Byrd singled to center . Rollins singled to right , Byrd to second . Abreu flied out to right . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Thome flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Cintron flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Burrell walked . Lieberthal grounded into double play , third to second to first , Burrell out at second . Bell grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Finley grounded out to first . Bautista struck out swinging . Tracy singled to left . Baerga hit for Villarreal . Mayne singled to center , Tracy to third . Baerga grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 7 - Diamondbacks 1 .	Struggling Phillies bounce back , sweep D - Backs