Phillies - Top 1st . Garland pitching for White Sox . Rollins flied out to right . Polanco grounded out to third . Abreu homered to center . Thome grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Milton pitching for Phillies . Harris grounded out to shortstop . Uribe struck out swinging . Thomas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Burrell struck out swinging . Ledee grounded out to first . Bell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Milton pitching for Phillies . Lee fouled out to catcher . Konerko homered to right . Rowand popped out to first . Valentin homered to right . Crede struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Lieberthal flied out to right . Byrd reached on infield single to third . Rollins lined into double play , to first , Byrd doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Milton pitching for Phillies . Olivo doubled to deep right center . Harris reached on bunt single to third , Olivo to third . Uribe popped out to first . Thomas popped out to shortstop . Lee grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Polanco singled to left . Polanco to second on wild pitch by Garland . Abreu homered to right , Polanco scored . Thome grounded out to second . Burrell singled to left . Ledee walked , Burrell to second . Bell flied out to left . Lieberthal walked , Burrell to third , Ledee to second . Byrd reached on infield single to second , Burrell scored , Ledee to third , Lieberthal to second . Rollins walked , Ledee scored , Lieberthal to third , Byrd to second . Polanco singled to left , Lieberthal and Byrd scored , Rollins to second , Rollins scored , Polanco thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Milton pitching for Phillies . Konerko flied out to center . Rowand homered to left center . Valentin struck out looking . Crede walked . Olivo homered to left , Crede scored . Harris struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Abreu walked . Thome homered to left , Abreu scored . Adkins pitching for White Sox . Burrell lined out to center . Ledee singled to right . Bell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ledee out at second , Bell to first , Bell to second on throwing error by second baseman Uribe . Lieberthal grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bell out at third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Milton pitching for Phillies . Uribe flied out to right . Thomas popped out to second . Lee reached on infield single to third . Konerko singled to left , Lee to second . Rowand singled to center , Lee scored , Konerko to second . Valentin flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Adkins pitching for White Sox . Byrd grounded out to third . Rollins singled to center . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Polanco doubled to left , Rollins to third . Abreu flied out to left . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Thome flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Crede popped out to second . Olivo grounded out to catcher . Harris walked . Uribe singled to left center , Harris to second . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Thomas walked , Harris to third , Uribe to second . Lee fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Burrell struck out looking . Ledee doubled to deep left center . Koch pitching for White Sox . Bell walked . Utley hit for Byrd . Lieberthal singled to center , Ledee scored , Bell to third . Utley doubled to right , Bell scored , Lieberthal to third . Rollins intentionally walked . Polanco hit sacrifice fly to left , Lieberthal scored . Glanville in center field . Abreu struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Konerko hit by pitch . Rowand struck out swinging . Valentin fouled out to third . Crede grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Konerko out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Koch pitching for White Sox . Thome grounded out to shortstop . Burrell walked . Ledee struck out swinging . Bell walked , Burrell to second . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Lieberthal flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Olivo flied out to right . Harris struck out looking . Takatsu pitching for White Sox . Uribe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Takatsu pitching for White Sox . Glanville grounded out to shortstop . Rollins flied out to center . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Polanco popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Thomas flied out to center . Lee singled to left . Konerko struck out swinging . Dransfeldt hit for Valentin . Rowand doubled to deep right center , Lee scored . Dransfeldt singled to right , Rowand scored . Crede homered to left , Dransfeldt scored . Olivo grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 13 - White Sox 10 .	Another slugfest : This time , Phillies top ChiSox