Giants - Top 1st . Myers pitching for Phillies . Durham walked . Snow homered to right , Durham scored . Feliz grounded out to third . Bonds walked . Tucker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bonds out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Rollins walked . Rollins stole second . Polanco walked . Utley flied out to right , Rollins to third . Thome grounded out to pitcher , Rollins scored , Polanco to second . Abreu reached on infield single to second , Polanco to third . Lieberthal popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . Grissom flied out to center . Ransom doubled to left . Hennessey grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Michaels safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ransom . Byrd safe at first on error by second baseman Durham , Michaels to second . Myers sacrificed into fielder 's choice to third , Michaels to third , Byrd to second . Rollins doubled to deep right , Michaels and Byrd scored , Myers to third . Polanco singled to shallow right , Myers scored , Rollins to third . Utley singled to right , Rollins scored , Polanco to second . Thome struck out swinging . Abreu grounded out to pitcher , Polanco to third , Utley to second . Lieberthal grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Durham struck out swinging . Snow walked . Feliz doubled to deep right , Snow to third . Bonds intentionally walked . Tucker grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Snow scored , Bonds out at second , Feliz to third . Pierzynski homered to right , Feliz and Tucker scored . Grissom walked . Ransom grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Grissom out at second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Michaels struck out swinging . Wolf hit for Myers . Byrd reached on infield single to shortstop . Wolf grounded out to pitcher , Byrd to second . Byrd to third on wild pitch by Hennessey . Powell pitching for Phillies . Rollins lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Powell pitching for Phillies . Hennessey singled to right . Durham popped out to shortstop . Snow walked , Hennessey to second . Feliz flied out to center . Hennessey to third , Snow to second on wild pitch by Powell . Bonds intentionally walked . Tucker reached on infield single to first , Hennessey scored , Snow to third , Bonds to second . Pierzynski hit ground rule double to deep left , Snow and Bonds scored , Tucker to third . Grissom homered to left center , Tucker and Pierzynski scored . Ransom lined out to pitcher . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Polanco grounded out to third . Utley grounded out to first . Thome singled to right . Abreu singled to right , Thome to second . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Lieberthal lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Hennessey grounded out to shortstop . Durham flied out to center . Snow homered to left . Feliz doubled to deep center . Bonds singled to deep right , Feliz scored . Tucker singled to left center , Bonds to second . Pierzynski lined out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Michaels flied out to right . Byrd grounded out to third . Telemaco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Grissom grounded out to third . Ledee hit for Hennessey . Ransom singled to shallow left . Ledee struck out swinging . Eyre pitching for Giants . Durham flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Eyre pitching for Giants . Rollins lined out to right . Polanco singled to left . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Polanco out at second . Collier at third base . Thome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Snow homered to right . Feliz struck out swinging . Bonds homered to center . Tucker struck out swinging . Mohr in left field . Pierzynski lined out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Eyre pitching for Giants . Abreu doubled to left . Lieberthal lined out to right , Abreu to third . Michaels hit sacrifice fly to right , Abreu scored . Perez at first base . Jones pitching for Phillies . Byrd lined out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Jones pitching for Phillies . Grissom reached on infield single to shortstop . Cruz hit for Eyre . Ransom grounded into double play , third to second to first , Grissom out at second . Cruz singled to center . Herges pitching for Giants . Glanville hit for Jones . Durham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Herges pitching for Giants . Glanville struck out swinging . Rollins fouled out to third . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Collier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Snow struck out swinging . Feliz popped out to second . Mohr singled to left . Tucker struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Herges pitching for Giants . Utley grounded out to first . Perez struck out swinging . Abreu popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 16 - Phillies 6 .	Snow 's three homers lead Giants romp in Philly