Astros - Top 1st . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Biggio bunt popped out foul to catcher . Beltran singled to right . Bagwell grounded out to shortstop , Beltran to second . Berkman doubled to left , Beltran scored . Kent struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Clemens pitching for Astros . Rollins tripled to deep center . Polanco grounded out to pitcher . Rollins scored on Clemens ' wild pitch . Abreu walked . Abreu caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Thome struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Ensberg singled to center . Ensberg caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Vizcaino grounded out to first . Ausmus flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Clemens pitching for Astros . Bell grounded out to shortstop . Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop . Michaels flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Clemens struck out looking . Biggio grounded out to second . Beltran struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Clemens pitching for Astros . Byrd reached on infield single to third , Byrd to second on throwing error by third baseman Ensberg . Lidle struck out bunting foul . Rollins singled to right , Byrd scored , Rollins to second advancing on throw . Polanco singled to left , Rollins to third . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center , Rollins scored . Thome doubled to deep center , Polanco scored . Bell walked . Lieberthal struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 4th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Bagwell hit ground rule double to deep center . Berkman grounded out to second , Bagwell to third . Kent singled to center , Bagwell scored . Ensberg singled to right , Kent to second . Vizcaino singled to center , Kent scored , Ensberg to second . Ausmus walked , Ensberg to third , Vizcaino to second . Powell pitching for Phillies . Munro ran for Clemens . Clemens singled to right , Ensberg and Vizcaino scored , Ausmus to third . Biggio doubled to left center , Ausmus scored , Munro to third . Beltran hit sacrifice fly to center , Munro scored . Weathers pitching for Astros . Bagwell lined out to second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Weathers pitching for Astros . Michaels grounded out to shortstop . Collier hit for Powell . Byrd homered to left . Collier grounded out to second . Rollins walked . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rollins out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Berkman flied out to left . Kent fouled out to first . Ensberg flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Weathers pitching for Astros . Abreu struck out swinging . Thome walked . Bell grounded into double play , third to second to first , Thome out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Vizcaino grounded out to second . Lane hit for Weathers . Ausmus doubled to deep left . Lane struck out swinging . Qualls pitching for Astros . Lane in left field . Biggio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Lieberthal flied out to left . Michaels struck out swinging . Perez hit for Telemaco . Byrd hit by pitch . Jones pitching for Phillies . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Jones pitching for Phillies . Beltran grounded out to shortstop . Bagwell grounded out to third . Berkman reached on infield single to shortstop . Kent grounded out to second , Berkman to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Rollins flied out to center . Gallo pitching for Astros . Polanco homered to left . Abreu singled to left center . Harville pitching for Astros . Thome singled to center , Abreu to third , Thome to second on throwing error by left fielder Lane . Bell doubled to deep center , Abreu and Thome scored . Lieberthal struck out swinging . Michaels struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 8th . Jones pitching for Phillies . Ensberg singled to deep right . Rodriguez pitching for Phillies . Lamb hit for Ausmus . Vizcaino sacrificed to pitcher , Ensberg to second , Vizcaino safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Jones . Ensberg to third on throwing error by pitcher Jones . Lamb struck out swinging . Palmeiro hit for Harville . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Glanville in left field . Lane walked . Palmeiro struck out swinging . Miceli pitching for Astros . Chavez catching . Beltran doubled to deep center , Ensberg and Vizcaino scored , Lane thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Miceli pitching for Astros . Byrd struck out swinging . Glanville flied out to center . Rollins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Bagwell flied out to center . Berkman grounded out to first . Bruntlett at shortstop . Lidge pitching for Astros . Vizcaino at second base . Kent struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Lidge pitching for Astros . Polanco struck out swinging . Abreu flied out to left . Thome walked . Bell doubled to deep center , Thome to third . Utley hit for Cormier . Lieberthal hit by pitch . Utley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 9 - Phillies 8 .	Clemens ( calf ) out , but Astros outlast Phils