Phillies - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Rollins flied out to right . Michaels grounded out to shortstop . Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop . Thome struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Myers pitching for Phillies . Rowand struck out looking . Perez struck out swinging . Gload grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Bell singled to center . Polanco singled to left , Bell to second . Lieberthal grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Polanco out at second , Bell to third . Byrd singled to shallow right , Bell scored , Lieberthal to second . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Byrd out at second , Lieberthal to third , Perez to first , Lieberthal scored on throwing error by second baseman Uribe . Rollins grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Everett doubled to left . Valentin grounded out to second , Everett to third . Uribe singled to center , Everett scored . Borchard homered to right , Uribe scored . Burke singled to right . Crede popped out to shortstop . Rowand flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Michaels homered to left . Abreu doubled to left center , Abreu to third on error by left fielder Perez . Thome walked . Bell doubled to deep left center , Abreu scored , Thome to third . Polanco hit sacrifice fly to right , Thome scored , Bell to third . Lieberthal struck out swinging . Byrd grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Perez fouled out to first . Gload walked . Everett struck out swinging . Valentin grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Perez homered to left . Rollins flied out to center . Michaels lined out to second . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Uribe grounded out to third . Borchard struck out looking . Burke flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Thome struck out swinging . Bell grounded out to second . Polanco struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Crede hit ground rule double to deep right center . Rowand singled to right , Crede to third . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Crede out at home , Rowand to third . Gload walked . Everett singled to right , Rowand scored , Perez to third , Gload to second , Perez scored on error by third baseman Bell . Valentin singled to right , Gload thrown out at home , Everett to third , Valentin to second advancing on throw . Uribe flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Lieberthal singled to left . Byrd grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lieberthal out at second . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Perez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Borchard struck out swinging . Burke singled to right . Crede grounded out to third , Burke to second . Rowand singled to left , Burke scored , Rowand to second advancing on throw . Rowand to third on wild pitch by Hernandez . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Perez reached on bunt single to pitcher , Rowand scored . Gload singled to center , Perez to third . Marte pitching for White Sox . Everett lined out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Marte pitching for White Sox . Rollins lined out to center . Michaels flied out to right . Abreu walked . Abreu stole second . Thome flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Valentin struck out swinging . Uribe flied out to center . Politte pitching for White Sox . Borchard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Glanville ran for Bell . Politte pitching for White Sox . Bell singled to center . Polanco popped out to second . Utley hit for Byrd . Lieberthal fouled out to first . Utley singled to right , Glanville to second . Glanville in center field . Polanco at third base . Utley at second base . Jones pitching for Phillies . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Jones pitching for Phillies . Burke singled to center . Crede sacrificed to catcher , Burke to second . Rowand homered to left center , Burke scored . Perez singled to center . Uribe at third base . Harris at second base . Takatsu pitching for White Sox . Gload flied into double play , left to second to first , Perez doubled off first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Takatsu pitching for White Sox . Rollins flied out to center . Michaels lined out to third . Abreu walked . Thome homered to left , Abreu scored . Glanville struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 8 - White Sox 9 .	Borchard 's 504 - foot homer leads Sox past Phils