Phillies - Top 1st . Claussen pitching for Reds . Rollins struck out looking . Polanco grounded out to first . Abreu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Myers pitching for Phillies . Freel tripled to deep left center . Howard at first base . Lopez popped out to first . Hinch catching . Casey struck out swinging . Jimenez walked . Pena fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Claussen pitching for Reds . Howard reached on infield single to shortstop . Bell singled to left , Howard to second . Michaels singled to center , Howard to third , Bell to second , Howard scored on error by catcher Miller . Burrell lined out to left . Hinch struck out swinging . Myers flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Kearns flied out to right . Miller grounded out to third . Machado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Claussen pitching for Reds . Rollins flied out to left . Polanco popped out to second . Abreu walked . Howard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Claussen walked . Freel walked , Claussen to second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Freel out at second , Claussen to third . Casey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Claussen scored , Lopez out at second . Jimenez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Claussen pitching for Reds . Bell singled to center . Michaels flied out to center . Burrell walked , Bell to second . Hinch struck out looking . Myers singled to right , Bell scored , Burrell to third . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Myers out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Pena struck out looking . Kearns doubled to deep left . Miller struck out swinging . Machado intentionally walked . Claussen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Claussen pitching for Reds . Polanco grounded out to pitcher . Abreu grounded out to second . Howard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Freel lined out to center . Lopez grounded out to first . Casey singled to center . Jimenez singled to right , Casey to second . Padilla pitching for Reds . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jimenez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Padilla pitching for Reds . Bell lined out to third . Michaels singled to left , Michaels out stretching at second . Burrell homered to left . Hinch lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Kearns walked . Miller popped out to shortstop . Dunn hit for Padilla . Machado flied out to left . Matthews pitching for Reds . Byrd hit for Myers . Dunn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Matthews pitching for Reds . Byrd doubled to deep center . Rollins sacrificed to pitcher , Byrd to third , Rollins safe at first on error by pitcher Matthews . Byrd to third on error by pitcher Matthews . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Byrd scored , Rollins out at second . Polanco to second on wild pitch by Matthews . Abreu walked . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Howard grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Abreu out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 7th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Freel grounded out to second . Lopez struck out swinging . Riedling pitching for Reds . Casey grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Riedling pitching for Reds . Bell safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Machado . Michaels singled to center , Bell to third . Bell out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice , Michaels to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Burrell singled to left , Michaels scored . Glanville ran for Burrell . Utley hit for Cormier . Hinch doubled to right , Glanville to third . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Glanville out at home , Hinch to third . Michaels in left field . Glanville in center field . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Rollins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 8th . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Jimenez flied out to right . Pena grounded out to second . Myette pitching for Reds . Kearns struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Myette pitching for Reds . Polanco hit by pitch . Abreu singled to right , Polanco to second . Howard flied out to left . Bell walked , Polanco to third , Abreu to second . Van Poppel pitching for Reds . Michaels doubled to left , Polanco and Abreu scored , Bell to third . Glanville singled to right center , Bell and Michaels scored . Collier hit for Worrell . Hinch flied out to right . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Collier grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Larkin hit for Machado . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Miller hit by pitch . LaRue hit for Van Poppel . Larkin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Miller out at second . LaRue struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 9 - Reds 1 .	Phillies ' Myers chalks one up in Cincy series