Marlins - Top 1st . Floyd pitching for Phillies . Pierre singled to right . Lo Duca hit by pitch , Pierre to second . Cabrera flied out to right . Lowell struck out looking . Conine tripled to deep right , Pierre and Lo Duca scored . Aguila fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Rollins flied out to center . Polanco lined out to right . Abreu singled to center . Bell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Floyd pitching for Phillies . Castillo struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out looking . Willis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Michaels struck out swinging . Burrell singled to left center . Lieberthal grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Burrell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Floyd pitching for Phillies . Pierre doubled to right . Lo Duca flied out to center . Cabrera singled to left center , Pierre scored . Lowell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second . Conine doubled to left , Lowell to third . Aguila flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Perez fouled out to first . Floyd struck out swinging . Rollins lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Floyd pitching for Phillies . Castillo singled to left center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Willis sacrificed to third , Castillo to second . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Abreu grounded out to third . Bell singled to center . Michaels grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Floyd pitching for Phillies . Lo Duca walked . Cabrera hit by pitch , Lo Duca to second . Lowell flied out to left . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Conine hit by pitch , Lo Duca to third , Cabrera to second . Aguila struck out swinging . Lo Duca scored , Cabrera to third , Conine to second on wild pitch by Telemaco . Castillo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Burrell singled to center . Lieberthal popped out to second . Collier hit for Telemaco . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Burrell out at second . Collier safe at first on error by third baseman Lowell , Perez to second . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Collier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez singled to center . Willis sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Gonzalez to third on passed ball by Lieberthal . Pierre struck out looking . Lo Duca struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Polanco singled to right . Abreu grounded out to pitcher , Polanco to second . Bell grounded out to shortstop , Polanco to third . Michaels reached on infield single to shortstop , Polanco scored . Burrell singled to right , Michaels to third . Jones pitching for Phillies . Lieberthal struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Jones pitching for Phillies . Cabrera walked . Lowell singled to left , Cabrera to second . Conine safe at first on error by third baseman Bell , Cabrera to third , Lowell to second . Aguila grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at home , Lowell to third , Conine to second . Castillo lined out to right . Gonzalez lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Byrd hit for Jones . Willis pitching for Marlins . Perez doubled to deep left . Byrd singled to left , Perez to third . Mota pitching for Marlins . Rollins tripled to deep center , Perez and Byrd scored . Polanco safe at first on error by pitcher Mota , Rollins scored . Polanco stole second . Abreu walked . Bell sacrificed to first , Polanco to third , Abreu to second . Michaels struck out swinging . Burrell singled to center , Polanco and Abreu scored . Burrell stole second . Glanville ran for Burrell . Lieberthal singled to right , Glanville scored . Lieberthal stole second . Michaels in left field . Glanville in center field . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Mordecai hit for Mota . Perez flied out to left . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 8th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Mordecai flied out to left . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Pierre grounded out to first . Bump pitching for Marlins . Utley hit for Worrell . Lo Duca grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Bump pitching for Marlins . Utley popped out to shortstop . Rollins walked . Polanco grounded out to pitcher , Rollins to second . Abreu intentionally walked . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Bell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Cabrera struck out swinging . Lowell popped out to shortstop . Conine flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 4 - Phillies 7 .	Seconds : Phillies add to lead over Marlins