Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Despaigne pitching for Padres. Pollock walked. Owings safe at first on error by third baseman Middlebrooks, Pollock to second. Goldschmidt flied out to right, Pollock to third. Peralta lined into double play, to first, Owings doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 1st. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Myers doubled to deep center. Solarte reached on infield single to first, Myers to third. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Myers scored, Solarte out at second. Upton walked, Kemp to second. Norris doubled to left, Kemp scored, Upton to third. Alonso grounded out to first, Upton scored, Norris to third. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Despaigne pitching for Padres. Trumbo grounded out to first. Lamb doubled to left. Gosewisch flied out to right, Lamb to third. Ahmed grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Amarista struck out swinging. Despaigne struck out swinging. Myers grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Despaigne pitching for Padres. Hellickson struck out swinging. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Solarte walked. Kemp singled to left, Solarte to second. Upton struck out looking. Norris grounded out to third, Solarte to third, Kemp to second. Alonso intentionally walked. Middlebrooks flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Despaigne pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt popped out to second. Peralta hit by pitch. Trumbo doubled to deep center, Peralta scored. Lamb grounded out to second, Trumbo to third. Gosewisch fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Amarista grounded out to first. Despaigne grounded out to second. Myers grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Despaigne pitching for Padres. Ahmed flied out to left. Hellickson flied out to center. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Solarte flied out to center. Kemp flied out to left. Upton homered to left (411 feet). Norris grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Despaigne pitching for Padres. Owings grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Peralta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Alonso struck out swinging. Middlebrooks doubled to deep center. Amarista grounded out to first, Middlebrooks to third. Despaigne grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Despaigne pitching for Padres. Trumbo grounded out to third. Lamb grounded out to second. Gosewisch walked. Ahmed flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Myers struck out swinging. Solarte flied out to center. Kemp tripled to right. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Kemp scored on Delgado's wild pitch. Upton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Benoit pitching for Padres. Inciarte hit for Delgado. Inciarte walked. Pollock grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Inciarte out at second. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Norris struck out looking. Alonso singled to center. Middlebrooks lined out to right. Amarista grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Thayer pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt singled to left center. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Goldschmidt out at second. Trumbo grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 1 - Padres 5.	Padres beat Diamondbacks, 5-1, behind Despaigne's pitching