Pirates - Top 1st. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Harrison flied out to right. Walker singled to right. McCutchen struck out swinging. Marte hit by pitch, Walker to second. Kang homered to left center (450 feet), Walker and Marte scored. Álvarez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Solarte struck out swinging. Venable struck out swinging. Upton walked. Kemp flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Polanco homered to center (410 feet). Cervelli grounded out to second. Burnett struck out swinging. Harrison walked. Harrison stole second. Walker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Norris struck out swinging. Spangenberg singled to left. Middlebrooks flied out to right. Amarista lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Padres. McCutchen singled to left. Marte homered to left (382 feet), McCutchen scored. Kang grounded out to third. Álvarez struck out swinging. Polanco popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Kennedy grounded out to second. Solarte grounded out to shortstop. Venable grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Cervelli singled to left. Burnett sacrificed to pitcher, Cervelli to second. Harrison walked. Walker struck out swinging. McCutchen hit ground rule double to deep center, Cervelli scored, Harrison to third. Kelley pitching for Padres. Marte flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Upton singled to left. Upton stole second. Kemp struck out swinging. Norris grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Upton to third. Spangenberg grounded out to first, Upton scored, Norris to second. Middlebrooks singled to left center, Norris scored. Amarista fouled out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Kelley pitching for Padres. Kang struck out swinging. Álvarez struck out swinging. Polanco singled to center. Polanco caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cervelli batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Almonte hit for Kelley. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Almonte walked. Solarte reaches on throwing error by second baseman Walker, Almonte to second. Almonte scored, Solarte to second on throwing error by catcher Cervelli. Venable singled to left, Solarte to third. Upton singled to center, Solarte scored, Venable to second. Kemp struck out swinging. Venable to third, Upton to second on wild pitch by Burnett. Norris struck out swinging. Spangenberg lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Mazzoni pitching for Padres. Gyorko at second base. Cervelli singled to right. Burnett struck out swinging. Harrison doubled to left, Cervelli scored. Walker singled to left, Harrison to third. McCutchen doubled to deep right, Harrison scored, Walker to third. Marte lined out to shortstop, McCutchen and Walker scored on throwing error by shortstop Amarista. Kang struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 6th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Middlebrooks singled to center. Amarista singled to shallow right, Middlebrooks to third. Gyorko grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Middlebrooks scored, Amarista out at second. Solarte doubled to deep right. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Venable struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Mazzoni pitching for Padres. Álvarez grounded out to shortstop. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Cervelli lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Worley pitching for Pirates. Rodriguez at first base. Upton popped out to first. Kemp flied out to right. Norris grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Harrison singled to center. Walker singled to right, Harrison to second. McCutchen flied out to center. Marte walked, Harrison to third, Walker to second. Kang struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Barmes hit for Quackenbush. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Barmes flied out to left. Middlebrooks singled to left. Amarista grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Middlebrooks out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Garcés pitching for Padres. Hart hit for Worley. Hart lined out to shortstop. Polanco popped out to shortstop. Cervelli singled to center. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cervelli out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Gyorko flied out to center. Solarte struck out swinging. Venable flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 11 - Padres 5.	Kang, Marte, Polanco homer in Pirates' 11-5 win vs Padres