Padres - Top 1st. Teheran pitching for Braves. Myers struck out swinging. Venable grounded out to second. Kemp hit by pitch. Kemp stole second. Alonso walked. Norris singled to right center, Kemp scored, Alonso to third. Spangenberg grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Cashner pitching for Padres. Peterson grounded out to third. Maybin walked. Freeman doubled to deep left center, Maybin scored. Markakis walked. Uribe flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Teheran pitching for Braves. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. Amarista struck out swinging. Cashner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Cashner pitching for Padres. Simmons flied out to center. Bethancourt singled to center. Teherán grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bethancourt out at second. Peterson singled to left, Teherán to second. Maybin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Teherán out at third, Peterson to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Teheran pitching for Braves. Myers grounded out to second. Venable grounded out to first. Kemp singled to left. Alonso struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Cashner pitching for Padres. Freeman grounded out to first. Markakis popped out to first. Uribe fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Norris flied out to center. Spangenberg lined out to second. Middlebrooks flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Johnson grounded out to first. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Bethancourt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Amarista lined out to center. Cashner struck out swinging. Myers flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Teherán grounded out to shortstop. Peterson walked. Maybin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peterson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Venable struck out swinging. Kemp flied out to right. Alonso grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Freeman homered to left (388 feet). Markakis walked. Uribe grounded into double play, pitcher to second to shortstop to first, Markakis out at second. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Norris walked. Spangenberg flied out to right. Middlebrooks grounded into double play, pitcher to second to shortstop to first, Norris out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Simmons reached on infield single to pitcher. Bethancourt reached on error by shortstop Amarista, Simmons to second. Teherán sacrificed to pitcher, Simmons to third, Bethancourt to second. Peterson reached on infield single to first, Simmons scored, Bethancourt to third. Maybin hit sacrifice fly to right, Bethancourt scored. Garcés pitching for Padres. Peterson caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Freeman batting. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Cunningham in left field. Teheran pitching for Braves. Amarista singled to right. Solarte hit for Garcés. Solarte singled to center, Amarista to second. Myers walked, Amarista to third, Solarte to second. Eveland pitching for Braves. Upton hit for Venable. Amarista scored, Solarte to third, Myers to second on passed ball by Bethancourt. Upton walked. Masset pitching for Braves. Kemp struck out looking. Avilán pitching for Braves. Alonso walked, Solarte scored, Myers to third, Upton to second. Aardsma pitching for Braves. Norris struck out swinging. Middlebrooks grounds into force out, shortstop second, Spangenberg out at second. Spangenberg reached first base on catcher's interference, Myers scored, Upton to third, Alonso to second. Middlebrooks batting. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Upton in left field. Benoit pitching for Padres. Solarte at third base. Freeman popped out to shortstop. Markakis struck out swinging. Uribe grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Grilli pitching for Braves. Amarista struck out swinging. Solarte flied out to left. Myers flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Maurer pitching for Padres. Cunningham popped out to second. Simmons safe at first on error by shortstop Amarista. Bethancourt fouled out to first. Pierzynski walked, Simmons to second. Peterson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 10th. Cunniff pitching for Braves. Upton walked. Kemp grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Upton out at second. Alonso grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 10th. Thayer pitching for Padres. Maybin grounded out to second. Freeman doubled to right. Markakis intentionally walked. Uribe flied out to right. Cunningham grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 11th. Cunniff pitching for Braves. Norris walked. Spangenberg reached on bunt single to third, Norris to second. Upton Jr. bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Norris out at third, Spangenberg to second. Amarista singled to center, Spangenberg to third, Upton Jr. to second. Solarte singled to right, Spangenberg and Upton Jr. scored, Amarista to third. Myers struck out looking. Upton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 11th. Kimbrel pitching for Padres. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Bethancourt struck out looking. Gomes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 6 - Braves 4.	Padres rally to beat Braves in 11 innings