Dodgers - Top 1st. Rea pitching for Padres. Pederson flied out to left. Utley walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Utley out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Latos pitching for Dodgers. Solarte doubled to deep center. Spangenberg sacrificed to pitcher, Solarte to third. Kemp struck out swinging. Upton doubled to left center, Solarte scored. Gyorko singled to left, Upton scored, Gyorko to second advancing on throw. Wallace grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Rea pitching for Padres. Crawford doubled to deep center. Grandal struck out swinging. Van Slyke grounded out to shortstop, Crawford to third. Seager struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Latos pitching for Dodgers. Norris singled to left. Rea struck out bunting foul. Jankowski flied out to center. Solarte singled to right, Norris to second, Norris to third on error by right fielder Van Slyke. Spangenberg reached on bunt single to third, Solarte to second. Kemp singled to right center, Norris and Solarte scored, Spangenberg to third. Kemp caught stealing second, catcher to second. Upton batting. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Rea pitching for Padres. Latos grounded out to shortstop. Pederson lined out to right. Utley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Latos pitching for Dodgers. Upton doubled to deep center. Gyorko grounded out to pitcher. Wallace lined into double play, second to shortstop, Upton doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Rea pitching for Padres. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Turner walked. Crawford flied out to center. Grandal struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Latos pitching for Dodgers. Norris struck out swinging. Rea fouled out to right. Jankowski grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Rea pitching for Padres. Van Slyke flied out to center. Seager doubled to deep right. Schebler hit for Latos. Schebler grounded out to second, Seager to third. Pederson reached on infield single to pitcher, Seager scored. Utley doubled to center, Pederson scored. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Peralta pitching for Dodgers. Solarte lined out to right. Spangenberg flied out to center. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Despaigne pitching for Padres. Turner singled to right. Crawford singled to left, Turner to second. Grandal walked, Turner to third, Crawford to second. Rzepczynski pitching for Padres. Van Slyke grounded out to third, Turner scored, Crawford to third, Grandal to second. Seager singled to center, Crawford and Grandal scored, Seager to second advancing on throw. Ruggiano hit for Peralta. Ruggiano singled to left center, Seager scored, Ruggiano to second advancing on throw. Pederson fouled out to first. Utley reached on infield single to pitcher, Ruggiano scored, Utley to third on throwing error by pitcher Rzepczynski. Gonzalez flied out to center. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 6th. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Upton singled to left. Gyorko grounded out to shortstop, Upton to second. Wallace grounded out to shortstop, Upton to third. Norris doubled to deep left, Upton scored. Barmes hit for Rzepczynski. Barmes flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Turner flied out to left. Crawford grounded out to first. Grandal walked. Van Slyke struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Jankowski struck out looking. Solarte homered to left (388 feet). Spangenberg struck out swinging. Johnson pitching for Dodgers. Ellis catching. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Seager grounded out to second. Ellis lined out to right. Pederson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Johnson pitching for Dodgers. Upton walked. Gyorko homered to left center (400 feet), Upton scored. Avilán pitching for Dodgers. Wallace grounded out to first. Nicasio pitching for Dodgers. Norris reached on infield single to shortstop. Amarista hit for Quackenbush. Amarista struck out swinging. Upton Jr. hit for Jankowski. Upton Jr. tripled to deep right center, Norris scored. Solarte doubled to deep left, Upton Jr. scored. Spangenberg struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Solarte at first base. Spangenberg at third base. Gyorko at second base. Benoit pitching for Padres. Amarista at shortstop. Upton Jr. in center field. Utley lined out to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Turner grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 7 - Padres 10.	Padres rally for 10-7 win over Dodgers