Padres - Top 1st. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Myers homered to right center (396 feet). Solarte walked. Kemp walked, Solarte to second. Upton safe at first on error by third baseman Lamb, Solarte to third, Kemp to second. Gyorko hit sacrifice fly to center, Solarte scored, Kemp to third, Upton to second. Spangenberg singled to shallow right, Kemp scored, Upton to third. Spangenberg stole second, Upton scored, Spangenberg safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Hellickson. Norris singled to right, Spangenberg scored. Norris stole second. Jankowski struck out swinging. Shields fouled out to right. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Shields pitching for Padres. Pollock doubled to center. Inciarte grounded out to second, Pollock to third. Goldschmidt doubled to center, Pollock scored. Peralta walked. Castillo flied out to right. Lamb struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Myers grounded out to shortstop. Solarte singled to shallow center. Kemp flied out to left. Upton popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Shields pitching for Padres. Gosselin grounded out to shortstop. Webster struck out looking. Owings grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Gyorko singled to center. Spangenberg sacrificed to pitcher, Gyorko to second. Gyorko to third on wild pitch by Webster. Norris lined into double play, to third, Gyorko doubled off third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Shields pitching for Padres. Pollock popped out to first. Inciarte walked. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop, Inciarte to second. Castillo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Jankowski reached on infield single to third. Jankowski caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Shields grounded out to third. Myers walked. Solarte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Shields pitching for Padres. Lamb singled to right. Gosselin struck out swinging. Romak hit for Webster. Romak struck out looking. Owings flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Stites pitching for Diamondbacks. Kemp singled to left. Upton walked, Kemp to second. Gyorko singled to left, Kemp to third, Upton to second. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Spangenberg doubled to left, Kemp and Upton scored, Gyorko to third. Norris intentionally walked. Jankowski struck out swinging. Shields struck out looking. Myers doubled to deep right center, Gyorko, Spangenberg and Norris scored. Solarte grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Shields pitching for Padres. Pollock flied out to left. Inciarte lined out to center. Hedges catching. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Brito in center field. Tomás in right field. Drury at third base. O'Brien in left field. Hernández catching. Lamb at first base. Schugel pitching for Diamondbacks. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Upton struck out swinging. Gyorko lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Myers in center field. Wallace at first base. Amarista at shortstop. Jankowski in right field. Shields pitching for Padres. Brito fouled out to third. Tomás flied out to right. Lamb grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Schugel pitching for Diamondbacks. Spangenberg flied out to left. Hedges struck out swinging. Jankowski safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Gosselin. Shields grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Shields pitching for Padres. Gosselin struck out looking. Drury grounded out to pitcher. Owings grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Schugel pitching for Diamondbacks. Myers grounded out to shortstop. Solarte singled to left. Wallace struck out swinging. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Solarte out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Vincent pitching for Padres. O'Brien walked. Hernández popped out to shortstop. Ahmed hit for Schugel. Ahmed flied out to center. Brito singled to center, O'Brien to third. Tomás grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Amarista struck out swinging. Spangenberg grounded out to second. Decker hit for Hedges. Decker popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Gale catching. Jackson pitching for Padres. Lamb hit ground rule double to deep left. Gosselin singled to center, Lamb scored. Gosselin to second on fielder's indifference. Drury doubled to deep left, Gosselin scored. Owings grounded out to shortstop. O'Brien struck out swinging. Hernández singled to left, Drury to third. Saltalamacchia hit for Hernandez. Mateo pitching for Padres. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 10 - Diamondbacks 3.	Myers' homer kicks off Padres' 10-3 rout over D-backs