Padres - Top 1st. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Roberts doubled to left. Cameron walked. Giles singled to left, Roberts scored, Cameron to third. Piazza hit by pitch, Giles to second. Greene doubled to deep center, Cameron and Giles scored, Piazza to third. Bellhorn struck out looking. Blum singled to right, Piazza and Greene scored. Gonzalez hit by pitch, Blum to second. Thompson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Blum out at third, Gonzalez to second. Roberts walked, Gonzalez to third, Thompson to second. Cameron walked, Gonzalez scored, Thompson to third, Roberts to second. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Giles doubled to deep left, Thompson, Roberts and Cameron scored. Piazza popped out to second. 9 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Thompson pitching for Padres. Counsell struck out swinging. Byrnes struck out swinging. Tracy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Greene struck out swinging. Bellhorn doubled to right center. Blum singled to right, Bellhorn to third. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center, Bellhorn scored. Thompson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Thompson pitching for Padres. Gonzalez singled to deep center, Gonzalez to third on error by center fielder Cameron. Jackson hit sacrifice fly to center, Gonzalez scored. Green grounded out to first. Estrada grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 3rd. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Roberts singled to right. Cameron singled to center, Roberts to second. Giles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cameron out at second, Roberts to third. Piazza grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Giles out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Thompson pitching for Padres. Hudson hit by pitch. Daigle struck out swinging. Counsell grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hudson out at second. Byrnes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Greene flied out to center. Bellhorn flied out to center. Blum grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Thompson pitching for Padres. Tracy singled to left center. Gonzalez flied out to center. Jackson grounded out to second, Tracy to second. Green singled to center, Tracy scored. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Estrada grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez homered to right. Thompson struck out looking. Roberts grounded out to first. Cameron safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Counsell. Giles grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Thompson pitching for Padres. Hudson singled to right. Aquino grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hudson out at second. Counsell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Piazza walked. Greene walked, Piazza to second. Bellhorn grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Greene out at second, Piazza to third. Blum flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Thompson pitching for Padres. Byrnes singled to left. Tracy singled to right, Byrnes to second. Cassidy pitching for Padres. Barfield at second base. Gonzalez singled to right, Byrnes to third, Tracy to second. Jackson doubled to deep right center, Byrnes and Tracy scored, Gonzalez thrown out at home. Green flied out to left. Estrada doubled to right, Jackson scored. Clark hit for Aquino. Hudson safe at first on error by shortstop Greene, Estrada to third. Clark homered to left, Estrada and Hudson scored. Counsell singled to center. Embree pitching for Padres. Byrnes homered to left, Counsell scored. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy grounded out to second. 8 Runs, 8 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 7th. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez walked. Barfield flied out to right. Roberts flied out to center. Cameron hit by pitch, Gonzalez to second. Giles homered to right, Gonzalez and Cameron scored. Piazza singled to left. McAnulty hit for Embree. Greene singled to center, Piazza to second. Bard catching. Linebrink pitching for Padres. McAnulty struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Gonzalez flied out to center. Jackson lined out to third. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. DaVanon in right field. Green grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Blum grounded out to second. Gonzalez flied out to left. Barfield singled to right center. Roberts flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Estrada grounded out to third. Hudson flied out to right. DaVanon walked. Counsell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Cameron struck out looking. Giles singled to right. Bard singled to right, Giles to third. Young hit for Linebrink. Greene struck out swinging. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Byrnes struck out swinging. Tracy struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 14 - Diamondbacks 10.	Giles' seven RBI help Padres retake first in NL West