Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Wells pitching for Padres. Young struck out looking. Hudson fouled out to first. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Roberts flied out to left. Giles fouled out to third. Walker fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Wells pitching for Padres. Byrnes walked. Jackson singled to center, Byrnes to second. Byrnes stole third. Estrada grounded out to third, Byrnes scored, Jackson to second. Easley struck out looking. Callaspo fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez flied out to left. Bard homered to right. Cameron grounded out to shortstop. Branyan singled to right. Blum grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Wells pitching for Padres. Ed Gonzalez struck out swinging. Young flied out to center. Hudson singled to left. Gonzalez singled to right center, Hudson to second. Byrnes singled to right center, Hudson and Gonzalez scored. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Byrnes out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Wells grounded out to second. Roberts grounded out to second. Giles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Wells pitching for Padres. Estrada singled to left. Easley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Estrada out at second. Callaspo grounded into fielder's choice to first, Easley out at second. Ed Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker singled to right. Gonzalez singled to center, Walker to third. Bard struck out swinging. Cameron grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Wells pitching for Padres. Young reached on infield single to third. Hudson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Young out at second. Gonzalez doubled to deep right. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Branyan safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Callaspo. Blum flied out to left. Wells bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Branyan out at second. Roberts flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Wells pitching for Padres. Jackson flied out to right. Estrada singled to left. Easley singled to center, Estrada to second. Callaspo singled to shallow left, Estrada to third, Easley to second. Ed Gonzalez struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Giles doubled to deep right. Walker lined out to third. Giles stole third. Gonzalez fouled out to first. Bard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Wells pitching for Padres. Hudson flied out to center. Adkins pitching for Padres. Gonzalez reached on infield single to first. Byrnes safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Branyan, Gonzalez to second. Jackson singled to right, Gonzalez scored, Byrnes to second. Tracy hit for Easley. Estrada singled to center, Byrnes to third, Jackson to second. Cassidy pitching for Padres. Tracy walked, Byrnes scored, Jackson to third, Estrada to second. Callaspo tripled to deep right center, Jackson, Estrada and Tracy scored. Ed Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Tracy at third base. Young struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Cameron singled to right. Branyan struck out swinging, Cameron stole second. Sledge hit for Cassidy. Blum fouled out to third. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Sledge grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez batting. Byrnes singled to center. Jackson singled to shallow right, Byrnes to third. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson hit for Roberts. Estrada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson flied out to right. Barfield hit for Walker. Giles flied out to right. Barfield doubled to deep right. Gonzalez singled to center, Barfield scored. Johnson in left field. Barfield at second base. Seanez pitching for Padres. Bard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Seanez pitching for Padres. Tracy doubled to deep center. Hairston hit for Choate. Callaspo singled to right, Tracy to third. Hairston struck out swinging. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tracy out at home, Callaspo to second. Hudson walked, Callaspo to third, Young to second. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Cameron walked. Branyan grounded out to first, Cameron to second. Klesko hit for Seanez. Blum struck out swinging. Klesko walked. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 8 - Padres 2.	Wells runs dry for Pads as D-Backs blast NL West leader