White Sox - Top 1st . Millwood pitching for Mariners . Lillibridge reached on infield single to third . Lillibridge stole second . Ramirez flied out to center . Dunn struck out swinging . Konerko grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Figgins struck out swinging . Ackley struck out swinging , Ackley safe at first on passed ball by Pierzynski . Suzuki singled to right , Ackley to third . Montero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Millwood pitching for Mariners . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . Rios doubled to right . Fukudome grounded out to first , Rios to third . Morel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Liddi bunt grounded out to pitcher . Seager struck out swinging . Olivo singled to left . Wells struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Millwood pitching for Mariners . Beckham grounded out to catcher . Lillibridge singled to center . Ramirez doubled to left , Lillibridge scored , Ramirez to third advancing on throw . Dunn singled to right , Ramirez scored . Konerko grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Ryan fouled out to second . Figgins walked . Ackley lined out to right . Suzuki singled to center , Figgins to third . Montero singled to right , Figgins scored , Suzuki to third . Liddi doubled to left , Suzuki scored , Montero to third . Seager flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Millwood pitching for Mariners . Pierzynski lined out to right . Rios grounded out to second . Fukudome walked . Morel singled to right , Fukudome thrown out at home , Fukudome to third advancing on play . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Olivo singled to center . Wells singled to left , Olivo to second . Ryan walked . Figgins struck out looking . Ackley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wells scored , Ryan to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ackley out at second , Ryan to third . Montero struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 5th . Millwood pitching for Mariners . Beckham grounded out to shortstop . Lillibridge struck out looking . Ramirez grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Liddi walked . Seager grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Liddi out at second . Seager stole second . Olivo flied out to center . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Millwood pitching for Mariners . Dunn walked . Konerko singled to right , Dunn to third . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dunn out at home , Konerko to second . Rios tripled to deep right center , Konerko and Pierzynski scored . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Fukudome hit sacrifice fly to center , Rios scored . Morel flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Ryan walked . Figgins sacrificed to pitcher , Ryan to second . Ackley flied out to left . Suzuki fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Delabar pitching for Mariners . Beckham popped out to first . Lillibridge hit by pitch . Lillibridge stole second . Ramirez struck out swinging . Dunn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Reed pitching for White Sox . Montero struck out swinging . Liddi struck out looking . Seager struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Konerko doubled to deep left . De Aza ran for Konerko . Pierzynski singled to left , De Aza to third . Rios singled to left center , De Aza scored , Pierzynski to third . Fukudome singled to right , Pierzynski scored , Rios to second . Morel struck out looking . Beckham grounded into double play , third to second to first , Fukudome out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Olivo fouled out to first . Wells grounded out to third . Ryan grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . League pitching for Mariners . Lillibridge struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to center . Dunn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Figgins struck out swinging . Ackley singled to shallow left . Suzuki struck out looking . Ackley to second on fielder 's indifference . Montero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 7 - Mariners 4 .	White Sox finish sweep of Mariners behind Rios