Rangers - Top 1st . Sale pitching for White Sox . Kinsler flied out to right . Andrus struck out swinging . Hamilton walked . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hamilton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Oswalt pitching for Rangers . De Aza singled to left . Youkilis homered to left ( 356 feet ) , De Aza scored . Dunn homered to right center ( 406 feet ) . Konerko flied out to center . Rios homered to left center ( 433 feet ) . Pierzynski doubled to deep left center . Viciedo struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Sale pitching for White Sox . Young grounded out to shortstop . Cruz lined out to first . Napoli grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Oswalt pitching for Rangers . Beckham struck out swinging . De Aza tripled to deep center . Youkilis singled to shallow left , De Aza scored . Youkilis to second on wild pitch by Oswalt . Dunn doubled to deep right , Youkilis scored . Konerko singled to right , Dunn scored . Rios grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Konerko out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Sale pitching for White Sox . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Gentry struck out swinging . Kinsler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Oswalt pitching for Rangers . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Viciedo flied out to center . Ramirez doubled to deep left . Beckham flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Andrus grounded out to first . Hamilton singled to right . Beltre struck out swinging . Young grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Oswalt pitching for Rangers . De Aza grounded out to second . Youkilis flied out to center . Dunn walked . Konerko flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Cruz singled to left . Napoli struck out swinging . Torrealba grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Oswalt pitching for Rangers . Rios singled to left . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Viciedo doubled to deep right center , Rios to third . Ramirez singled to shallow left , Rios and Viciedo scored . Beckham fouled out to first . De Aza grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ramirez safe at second on error by second baseman Kinsler . Tateyama pitching for Rangers . Youkilis singled to left , Ramirez scored , De Aza to third , Youkilis to second advancing on throw . Dunn intentionally walked . Konerko singled to right , De Aza scored , Youkilis to third , Dunn to second . Rios singled to shallow right , Youkilis and Dunn scored , Konerko to second . Pierzynski homered to right ( 399 feet ) , Konerko and Rios scored . Viciedo singled to left . Ramirez fouled out to catcher . 9 Runs , 8 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 6th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Gentry grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler singled to left . Kinsler to second on wild pitch by Sale . Andrus grounded out to pitcher , Kinsler to third . Hamilton lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Grimm pitching for Rangers . Hudson hit for Beckham . Hudson struck out looking . De Aza flied out to center . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Youkilis at first base . Escobar at third base . Jor Danks in right field . Hudson at second base . Sale pitching for White Sox . Beltre reached on infield single to third . Snyder ran for Beltre . Young grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Snyder out at second . Cruz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez at second base . Martin in left field . Snyder at third base . Murphy in right field . Flowers hit for Dunn . Grimm pitching for Rangers . Flowers walked . Escobar doubled to deep right , Flowers to third . Jor Danks hit sacrifice fly to center , Flowers scored . Pierzynski reached on infield single to third , Escobar to third . Escobar scored on Grimm 's wild pitch . Viciedo walked , Pierzynski to second . Ramirez singled to left , Pierzynski to third , Viciedo to second . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Pierzynski out at home , Viciedo to third , Ramirez to second . Viciedo scored , Ramirez to third , Hudson to second on wild pitch by Grimm . De Aza flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Napoli singled to left . Torrealba flied out to center . Omogrosso pitching for White Sox . Gentry doubled to left , Napoli to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Andrus doubled to right , Napoli and Gentry scored . Martin grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Grimm pitching for Rangers . Youkilis struck out looking . Flowers struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Omogrosso pitching for White Sox . Snyder singled to left . Young flied out to right . Murphy singled to left , Snyder to second . Napoli flied out to center . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - White Sox 19 .	White Sox rout Oswalt , Rangers 19 - 2    \n\n