White Sox - Top 1st . De Vries pitching for Twins . De Aza singled to left . De Aza stole second . Youkilis struck out swinging . Dunn popped out to shortstop . Konerko singled to center , De Aza scored . Rios singled to right center , Konerko to second . Pierzynski homered to right ( 402 feet ) , Konerko and Rios scored . Viciedo grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Span reached on infield single to shortstop . Revere doubled to deep left , Span to third . Mauer singled to left , Span scored , Revere to third . Willingham singled to left , Revere scored , Mauer to second . Morneau flied out to center , Mauer to third . Doumit grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mauer scored , Willingham out at second , Doumit to second on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez . Valencia singled to center , Doumit scored . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Valencia out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 2nd . De Vries pitching for Twins . Ramirez flied out to right . Beckham doubled to deep left . De Aza lined out to first . Youkilis walked . Dunn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Carroll singled to left center . Span sacrificed to catcher , Carroll to second . Revere flied out to right . Mauer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . De Vries pitching for Twins . Konerko lined out to third . Rios grounded out to second . Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Willingham walked . Morneau singled to center , Willingham to third , Morneau to second on error by center fielder De Aza . Doumit singled to center , Willingham scored , Morneau to third , Doumit thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Valencia hit sacrifice fly to center , Morneau scored . Dozier lined out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 4th . De Vries pitching for Twins . Viciedo flied out to center . Ramirez safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Dozier . Beckham singled to left , Ramirez to third . De Aza singled to right , Ramirez scored , Beckham to second . Youkilis flied out to left . Dunn popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 4th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Span flied out to center . Revere grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . De Vries pitching for Twins . Konerko hit by pitch . Rios flied out to center . Konerko to second on wild pitch by DeVries . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Viciedo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Mauer grounded out to second . Willingham singled to center . Morneau grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Willingham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Fien pitching for Twins . Ramirez popped out to second . Beckham flied out to right . De Aza reached on bunt single to third . Youkilis hit by pitch , De Aza to second . Dunn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Doumit grounded out to third . Valencia lined out to third . Dozier popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Konerko grounded out to pitcher . Rios flied out to center . Pierzynski lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Carroll grounded out to third . Span singled to deep right , Span out stretching at second . Revere bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Burton pitching for Twins . Viciedo flied out to right . Ramirez hit by pitch . Beckham flied out to right . Ramirez stole second . De Aza singled to center , Ramirez scored , De Aza to second advancing on throw . Youkilis flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Mauer flied out to left . Willingham struck out swinging . Morneau singled to center . Doumit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Dunn flied out to center . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Rios singled to left . Pierzynski struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Myers pitching for White Sox . Valencia singled to left . Casilla ran for Valencia . Dozier sacrificed to catcher , Casilla to second , Dozier safe at second on throwing error by catcher Pierzynski . Casilla to third on throwing error by catcher Pierzynski . Carroll hit sacrifice fly to right , Casilla scored . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : White Sox 6 - Twins 7 .	Twins defeat White Sox for 4th straight victory