Athletics - Top 1st . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Grossman singled to left center . Chapman singled to right , Grossman to second . Piscotty lined out to left . Davis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Chapman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Estrada pitching for Athletics . Villar struck out looking . Rickard flied out to right . Mancini homered to right ( 375 feet ) . Núñez doubled to left . Alberto popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Morales grounded out to shortstop . Semien grounded out to shortstop . Profar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Estrada pitching for Athletics . Davis lined out to right . Sucre singled to right . Martin singled to left , Sucre to second . Mullins tripled to right , Mullins scored on throwing error by second baseman Profar , Sucre scored and Martin scored . Villar flied out to center . Rickard struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 3rd . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Canha walked . Phegley homered to left center ( 398 feet ) , Canha scored . Grossman lined out to right . Chapman singled to right . Piscotty struck out swinging , Chapman caught stealing second , catcher to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Estrada pitching for Athletics . Mancini singled to right . Núñez reached on infield single to third , Mancini to second . Alberto fouled out to catcher . Davis lined out to left . Sucre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 4th . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Davis lined out to left . Morales grounded out to first . Semien singled to center . Profar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Estrada pitching for Athletics . Martin struck out looking . Mullins tripled to right center . Villar homered to center ( 415 feet ) , Mullins scored . Rickard lined out to center . Mancini walked . Mancini to second on wild pitch by Estrada . Núñez fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Canha homered to left center ( 436 feet ) . Phegley safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Alberto . Grossman lined out to left . Chapman singled to right , Phegley to second . Piscotty lined out to right . Davis flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Petit pitching for Athletics . Alberto flied out to center . Davis lined out to left . Sucre flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Morales singled to deep right . Semien grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Morales out at second . Profar singled to right , Semien to third . Yacabonis pitching for Orioles . Canha struck out swinging , Semien scored on throwing error by catcher Sucre , Profar stole third . Phegley grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Petit pitching for Athletics . Martin tripled to deep right center . Mullins hit sacrifice fly to right , Martin scored . Villar grounded out to first . Rickard flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Yacabonis pitching for Orioles . Grossman struck out looking . Chapman grounded out to third . Piscotty grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Mancini walked . Núñez flied out to center . Alberto bunt grounded out to pitcher , Mancini to second . Davis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Yacabonis pitching for Orioles . Davis singled to left . Morales flied out to left . Semien singled to right , Davis to second . Profar walked , Semien to second , Davis to third . Givens pitching for Orioles . Canha struck out swinging . Pinder hit for Phegley . Pinder grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Hundley catching . Buchter pitching for Athletics . Sucre singled to center . Martin singled to center , Sucre to second . Mullins sacrificed to pitcher , Martin to second , Sucre to third . Rodney pitching for Athletics . Villar singled to center , Sucre scored and Martin scored , Villar to second . Rickard walked . Mancini singled to left , Villar scored , Rickard to second . Núñez grounded out to second , Mancini to second , Rickard to third . Alberto singled to center , Rickard scored and Mancini scored . Alberto to second on wild pitch by Rodney . Davis struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Karns pitching for Orioles . Grossman grounded out to first . Chapman grounded out to third . Piscotty grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 4 - Orioles 12 .	Davis sets record at 0 for 49 , including warning track shot