Orioles - Top 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Villar doubled to deep right . Mancini grounded out to pitcher . Smith Jr. grounded out to second , Villar to third . Núñez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Hess pitching for Orioles . Tapia doubled to center . Story struck out looking . Dahl lined out to center . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Ruiz lined out to center . Alberto walked . Broxton singled to right , Alberto to third . Wynns sacrificed , Alberto scored , Broxton to second . Hess sacrificed to first , Wynns to second , Broxton to third . Villar grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Hess pitching for Orioles . Murphy grounded out to second . Rodgers struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Mancini grounded out to catcher . Smith Jr. safe at second on error by first baseman Murphy . Núñez struck out swinging . Ruiz lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Hess pitching for Orioles . Wolters singled to center . Márquez sacrificed to first , Wolters to second . Tapia grounded out to second , Wolters to third . Story struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Alberto struck out swinging . Broxton grounded out to shortstop . Wynns struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Hess pitching for Orioles . Dahl grounded out to first . Arenado struck out swinging . Murphy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Hess grounded out to shortstop . Villar grounded out to second . Mancini lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Hess pitching for Orioles . Rodgers reached on infield single to shortstop . Desmond flied out to right . Wolters reached on infield single to shortstop , Rodgers to second , Rodgers safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Villar . Márquez sacrificed , Rodgers scored on error by catcher Wynns , Márquez safe at second on error by catcher Wynns , Wolters to second , Wolters safe at third on error by catcher Wynns . Tapia lined out to shortstop . Story struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Smith Jr. grounded out to second . Núñez grounded out to third . Ruiz singled to left . Alberto grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Hess pitching for Orioles . Dahl walked . Arenado homered to left ( 413 feet ) , Dahl scored . Murphy singled to right center . Rodgers grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Murphy out at second . Desmond singled to center . Wolters singled to center , Desmond to second . Márquez tripled to deep right center , Desmond scored and Wolters scored . Phillips pitching for Orioles . Wilkerson at second base . Tapia walked . Story struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Broxton struck out looking . Wynns singled to left . Wilkerson singled to left center , Wynns to third . Villar singled to center , Wynns scored , Wilkerson to second . Mancini reached on infield single to second , Villar to second , Wilkerson to third . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Smith Jr. hit sacrifice fly to center , Wilkerson scored . Shaw pitching for Rockies . Núñez singled to center , Villar scored , Mancini to second . Ruiz grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Dahl reached on infield single to first . Arenado grounded out to shortstop , Dahl to second . Dahl scored on throwing error by first baseman Núñez , Murphy safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Núñez . Rodgers grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Murphy out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 8th . Martin hit for Bleier . Shaw pitching for Rockies . Martin doubled to deep right . Broxton doubled to right center , Martin scored . Wynns bunt grounded out to first . Oberg pitching for Rockies . McMahon at second base . Wilkerson grounded out to first , Broxton to third . Villar walked . Mancini tripled to deep center , Broxton scored and Villar scored . Smith Jr. struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Villar at second base . Armstrong pitching for Orioles . Martin at shortstop . Wilkerson in left field . Desmond doubled to right . Wolters lined out to right . McMahon walked . Kline pitching for Orioles . Tapia struck out swinging . Story struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Núñez grounded out to shortstop . Ruiz grounded out to second . Martin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Kline pitching for Orioles . Dahl flied out to center . Arenado singled to deep left . Fry pitching for Orioles . Murphy walked , Arenado to second . Givens pitching for Orioles . Hoffman ran for Murphy . Reynolds hit for Oberg . Reynolds walked , Hoffman to second , Arenado to third . Desmond walked , Arenado scored , Reynolds to second , Hoffman to third . Wolters hit sacrifice fly to left , Hoffman scored . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 7 - Rockies 8 .	Arenado homers , Rockies score 2 in 9th to beat Orioles 8 - 7