Orioles - Top 1st . Smyly pitching for Rangers . Alberto reached on bunt single to catcher . Alberto to second on wild pitch by Smyly . Mancini walked . Núñez fouled out to first . Smith Jr. homered to left center ( 393 feet ) , Alberto scored and Mancini scored . Severino homered to left ( 414 feet ) . Villar lined out to center . Davis struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Choo homered to center ( 425 feet ) . DeShields struck out swinging . Andrus popped out to second . Mazara reached on infield single to third . Pence struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Smyly pitching for Rangers . Broxton singled to left . Martin reached on infield single to catcher , Broxton to second . Alberto flied out to left . Martin stole second , Broxton stole third . Mancini hit sacrifice fly to right , Broxton scored . Núñez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Cabrera lined out to first . Odor flied out to left . Guzmán walked . Kiner - Falefa lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Smyly pitching for Rangers . Smith Jr. walked . Severino struck out swinging . Smith Jr. caught stealing second , first to shortstop . Villar reached on infield single to first . Villar to second on wild pitch by Smyly . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Choo walked . DeShields singled to right , Choo to third . DeShields stole second . Andrus hit sacrifice fly to left , Choo scored . Mazara flied out to right , DeShields to third . Pence flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Smyly pitching for Rangers . Broxton homered to left ( 407 feet ) . Martin grounded out to third . Alberto reached on infield single to third . Carpenter pitching for Rangers . Mancini walked , Alberto to second . Núñez walked , Mancini to second , Alberto to third . Smith Jr. doubled to deep right center , Alberto scored , Núñez scored and Mancini scored . Severino lined out to shortstop . Villar grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Cabrera struck out swinging . Odor grounded out to first . Guzmán doubled to left . Kiner - Falefa singled to center , Guzmán scored . Choo popped out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Miller pitching for Rangers . Davis lined out to center . Broxton grounded out to second . Martin reached on infield single to third , Martin out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . DeShields hit by pitch . Andrus grounded out to third , DeShields to second . Mazara struck out swinging , DeShields to third . Pence grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Miller pitching for Rangers . Alberto reached on infield single to second . Mancini grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Alberto out at second . Stewart hit for Núñez . Stewart grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Stewart as designated hitter . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Cabrera singled to center . Fry pitching for Orioles . Odor struck out swinging . Guzmán grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Miller pitching for Rangers . Smith Jr. singled to shallow center . Severino homered to left center ( 421 feet ) , Smith Jr. scored . Martin pitching for Rangers . Villar grounded out to third . Davis struck out swinging . Broxton grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Kline pitching for Orioles . Kiner - Falefa struck out swinging . Choo struck out looking . DeShields reached on infield single to shortstop . DeShields to second on wild pitch by Kline , DeShields safe at third on throwing error by catcher Severino . Andrus reached on infield single to catcher , DeShields scored . Mazara walked , Andrus to second . Pence struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 8th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Alberto reached on infield single to third . Mancini struck out swinging . Stewart grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Armstrong pitching for Orioles . Cabrera reached on infield single to third . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second in rundown . Guzmán struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa singled to right , Odor to third . Odor scored on throwing error by second baseman Villar , Choo safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Villar , Kiner - Falefa to second . DeShields struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 9th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Smith Jr. struck out swinging . Severino homered to center ( 429 feet ) . Villar lined out to shortstop . Davis flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Lucas pitching for Orioles . Andrus safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Martin . Mazara walked . Pence walked , Mazara to second , Andrus to third . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Cabrera doubled to deep left , Andrus scored and Mazara scored , Pence to third . Odor singled to shallow right center , Pence scored , Cabrera to third . Forsythe hit for Guzmán . Forsythe doubled to left , Cabrera scored and Odor scored . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to second , Forsythe to third . Choo reached on infield single to pitcher , Forsythe scored . Givens pitching for Orioles . DeShields struck out swinging . Andrus struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Final score : Orioles 12 - Rangers 11 .	Severino hits 3 HR , makes saving play in 9th as O 's beat TEX