Orioles - Top 1st . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Alberto flied out to left . Mancini homered to center ( 417 feet ) . Severino lined out to center . Núñez walked . Villar walked , Núñez to second . Smith Jr. flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Ynoa pitching for Orioles . Smith popped out to shortstop . Crawford homered to right ( 427 feet ) . Santana lined out to right . Vogelbach grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Santander singled to center . Broxton walked , Santander to second . Martin grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Broxton out at second , Santander to third . Alberto doubled to right , Santander scored . Alberto to third on balk . Mancini walked . Severino struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Ynoa pitching for Orioles . Narváez singled to right . Seager singled to left , Narváez to second . Nola hit by pitch , Seager to second , Narváez to third . Williamson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Narváez scored , Nola out at second , Seager to third . Gordon grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Núñez lined out to center . Villar grounded out to first . Smith Jr. grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Ynoa pitching for Orioles . Smith walked . Crawford singled to right , Smith to third . Santana reached on infield single to first , Smith scored , Crawford to second . Vogelbach walked , Santana to second , Crawford to third . Narváez hit sacrifice fly to left , Crawford scored , Santana to third . Seager walked , Vogelbach to second . Wotherspoon pitching for Orioles . Nola singled to shallow center , Santana scored , Seager to second , Vogelbach to third . Williamson hit by pitch , Vogelbach scored , Nola to second , Seager to third . Gordon singled to left , Seager scored , Williamson to second , Nola to third . Smith singled to right , Nola scored , Gordon to second , Williamson to third . Crawford singled to right center , Gordon scored and Williamson scored , Smith to second , Smith safe at third on throwing error by center fielder Broxton . Santana struck out swinging . Vogelbach flied out to center . 8 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 4th . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Santander lined out to right . Broxton walked . Martin grounded into double play , third to second to first , Broxton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Wotherspoon pitching for Orioles . Narváez walked . Seager lined out to right . Nola struck out swinging . Williamson homered to right ( 385 feet ) , Narváez scored . Gordon lined out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Alberto grounded out to second . Mancini flied out to center . Severino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Wotherspoon pitching for Orioles . Smith grounded out to pitcher . Crawford singled to left . Santana lined out to center . Vogelbach grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Núñez doubled to deep center . Villar flied out to center . Smith Jr. singled to left , Núñez to third . Santander grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Núñez scored , Smith Jr. out at second . Santander to second on wild pitch by Kikuchi . Broxton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Scott pitching for Orioles . Narváez lined out to center . Seager flied out to center . Nola grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Carasiti pitching for Mariners . Martin struck out swinging . Alberto doubled to deep center . Ruiz hit for Mancini . Alberto to third on wild pitch by Carasiti . Alberto to third on wild pitch by Carasiti . Ruiz struck out swinging . Severino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Ruiz at first base . Wilkerson at second base . Castro pitching for Orioles . Williamson safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Castro . Gordon singled to left , Williamson to second . Smith reached on infield single to second , Gordon to second , Williamson to third . Crawford hit sacrifice fly to center , Williamson scored . Santana struck out swinging . Vogelbach walked , Smith to second , Gordon to third . Narváez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 8th . Moore in center field . Wright pitching for Mariners . Núñez lined out to right . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Smith Jr. hit ground rule double to deep right . Santander grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Sisco catching . Kline pitching for Orioles . Seager flied out to center . Nola struck out swinging . Williamson lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Wright pitching for Mariners . Broxton flied out to center . Martin struck out swinging . Alberto safe at first on error by second baseman Gordon . Ruiz popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 3 - Mariners 13 .	Crawford shines , Kikuchi rebounds as Mariners thump O 's 13 - 3