Rays - Top 1st . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Sogard doubled to right . Pham bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Sogard out at third . Meadows grounded into double play , third to first , Pham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Castillo pitching for Rays . Villar grounded out to second . Alberto grounded out to first . Mancini singled to right . Santander singled to right , Mancini to second . Núñez singled to right , Mancini scored , Santander to second . Stewart struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Choi singled to center . García fouled out to catcher . Kiermaier grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Choi out at second . Adames struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Castillo pitching for Rays . Severino grounded out to third . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Martin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Wendle grounded out to first . Zunino struck out swinging . Sogard singled to right center . Pham lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Beeks pitching for Rays . Villar struck out looking . Alberto reached on infield single to third . Alberto out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Mancini walked . Santander singled to left , Mancini to second . Núñez doubled to left center , Santander scored and Mancini scored , Núñez to third . Stewart singled to left , Núñez scored . Severino flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Ruiz at third base . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Meadows singled to center . Choi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Meadows out at second . García safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Martin , Choi safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Martin . Kiermaier singled to center , Choi scored , García to second . Adames walked , Kiermaier to second , García to third . Wendle grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Adames out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Beeks pitching for Rays . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Martin popped out to shortstop . Villar homered to left center ( 443 feet ) . Ruiz doubled to deep right center . Mancini intentionally walked . Santander singled to left , Ruiz scored , Mancini to second . Núñez struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Zunino walked . Sogard grounded out to second , Zunino to second . Pham doubled to left , Zunino scored . Meadows singled to left , Pham to third . Choi hit sacrifice fly to right , Pham scored . García singled to center , Meadows to third . Kiermaier grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Beeks pitching for Rays . Stewart doubled to deep center . Severino lined out to right , Stewart to third . Wilkerson hit sacrifice fly to right , Stewart scored . Martin grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Castro pitching for Orioles . Adames struck out looking . Wendle singled to right . Zunino flied into double play , right to first , Wendle doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . García in center field . Brosseau in right field . Beeks pitching for Rays . Villar struck out swinging . Ruiz grounded out to second . Mancini lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Castro pitching for Orioles . Sogard flied out to left . Pham grounded out to pitcher . Fry pitching for Orioles . Meadows struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Beeks pitching for Rays . Santander homered to left ( 372 feet ) . Núñez singled to right . Stewart singled to right , Núñez to second . Severino struck out swinging . Wilkerson struck out looking . Martin flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Fry pitching for Orioles . Choi singled to center . García grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Choi out at second . Brosseau struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Kittredge pitching for Rays . Villar grounded out to pitcher . Ruiz grounded out to first . Mancini singled to center . Santander reached on infield single to second , Mancini to second . Davis hit for Núñez . Davis lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Davis as designated hitter . Givens pitching for Orioles . Adames struck out swinging . Wendle grounded out to second . Zunino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 3 - Orioles 8 .	Santander has 5 of Orioles ' 16 hits in 8 - 3 win over Rays