Orioles - Top 1st . Skoglund pitching for Royals . Alberto singled to right . Mancini grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Alberto out at second . Santander grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Means pitching for Orioles . Merrifield lined out to right . Soler homered to left ( 393 feet ) . Dozier flied out to right . Gordon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Skoglund pitching for Royals . Núñez flied out to right . Villar walked . Villar stole second . Severino singled to right , Villar scored , Severino to second . Stewart grounded out to third , Severino to third . Wilkerson walked . Martin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Means pitching for Orioles . Cuthbert lined out to center . Starling doubled to shallow left . Arteaga grounded out to third . Dini grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Skoglund pitching for Royals . Alberto doubled to deep left . Mancini singled to left , Alberto to third . Santander homered to left center ( 417 feet ) , Alberto scored and Mancini scored . Núñez lined out to left . Villar doubled to right . Villar stole third . Severino singled to center , Villar scored . Stewart singled to left center , Severino to second . Wilkerson hit by pitch , Stewart to second , Severino to third . Martin sacrificed into double play , center to first to third , Severino scored , Stewart thrown out at third . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Means pitching for Orioles . Lopez struck out swinging . Merrifield flied out to left . Soler lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Skoglund pitching for Royals . Alberto singled to center . Alberto picked off and caught stealing second . Mancini walked . Santander safe at first on error by third baseman Dozier , Mancini to second . Núñez fouled out to first . Villar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 4th . Means pitching for Orioles . Dozier doubled to left . Gordon singled to left , Dozier to third . Cuthbert singled to left , Dozier scored , Gordon to second . Starling fouled out to right . Arteaga flied out to center . Dini struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Severino struck out looking . Stewart singled to center . Wilkerson singled to right center , Stewart to third . Martin lined out to second . Alberto singled to right center , Stewart scored and Wilkerson scored , Alberto thrown out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Means pitching for Orioles . Lopez fouled out to third . Merrifield struck out swinging . Soler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Mancini grounded out to third . Santander struck out looking . Núñez fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Means pitching for Orioles . Dozier lined out to center . Gordon flied out to right . Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Villar reached on infield single to third . Severino doubled to left , Villar to third . Stewart grounded out to second . Villar scored , Severino stole third . Wilkerson walked . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Severino scored on throwing error by first baseman Cuthbert , Wilkerson safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Cuthbert . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Alberto grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Martin out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 7th . Peterson in left field . Stewart in right field . Means pitching for Orioles . Starling fouled out to first . Arteaga flied out to right . Dini flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Mancini doubled to left . Peterson singled to right , Mancini to third . Núñez singled to right , Mancini scored , Peterson to second . Villar grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Núñez out at second , Peterson to third . Severino singled to left , Peterson scored , Villar to second . Stewart grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Severino out at second , Villar to third . Wilkerson lined out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Ruiz at first base . Eades pitching for Orioles . Lopez grounded out to second . Merrifield struck out swinging . Soler doubled to deep left center . Phillips ran for Soler . Dozier grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Phillips as designated hitter . Alex Gordon pitching for Royals . Martin flied out to left . Alberto singled to center . Ruiz walked , Alberto to second . Peterson reached on infield single to third , Ruiz to second , Alberto to third . Núñez singled to left , Alberto scored , Peterson to second , Ruiz to third . Villar hit sacrifice fly to center , Ruiz scored . Severino grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Peterson out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Eades pitching for Orioles . Gordon walked . Cuthbert struck out looking . Starling popped out to second . Arteaga grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 14 - Royals 2 .	Means wins back home , Alberto 5 hits as Orioles rout KC 14 - 2