Padres - Top 1st . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Denorfia struck out swinging . Cabrera walked . Smith walked , Cabrera to second . Headley struck out looking . Alonso doubled to deep left , Cabrera and Smith scored . Gyorko walked . Venable hit by pitch , Alonso to third , Gyorko to second . Grandal grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Erlin pitching for Padres . Blackmon reached on infield single to first . Stubbs grounded into double play , third to second to first , Blackmon out at second . Tulowitzki homered to left ( 416 feet ) . Gonzalez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Erlin struck out swinging . Denorfia doubled to deep right . Cabrera grounded out to first , Denorfia to third . Smith homered to center ( 429 feet ) , Denorfia scored . Headley grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Erlin pitching for Padres . Arenado flied out to right . Morneau grounded out to second . Pacheco struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Alonso doubled to deep right . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop , Alonso to third . Venable walked . Grandal grounded out to shortstop , Alonso scored , Venable to second . Erlin singled to left , Venable scored , Erlin to second on throwing error by left fielder Gonzalez . Erlin to third on wild pitch by Lyles . Denorfia walked . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Denorfia out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Erlin pitching for Padres . LeMahieu singled to center . Lyles grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , LeMahieu out at second . Blackmon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Smith flied out to right . Headley walked . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Alonso lined into double play , second to first , Headley doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Erlin pitching for Padres . Stubbs singled to left . Tulowitzki singled to center , Stubbs to third . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to left , Stubbs scored . Arenado grounded into double play , third to second to first , Tulowitzki out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Gyorko popped out to shortstop . Venable walked . Grandal grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Venable out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Erlin pitching for Padres . Morneau doubled to deep right center . Morneau to third on wild pitch by Erlin . Pacheco singled to right , Morneau scored . LeMahieu reached on bunt single to third , Pacheco to second . Culberson hit for Kahnle . Culberson grounded into double play , third to second to first , LeMahieu out at second , Pacheco to third . Blackmon flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Erlin singled to center . Denorfia grounded into double play , third to second to first , Erlin out at second . Cabrera singled to right . Cabrera stole second . Smith walked . Headley struck out swinging , Headley safe at first on wild pitch by Belisle , Cabrera to third , Smith to second . Alonso grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Erlin pitching for Padres . Stubbs singled to center . Vincent pitching for Padres . Tulowitzki singled to center , Stubbs to second . Gonzalez doubled to deep center , Stubbs and Tulowitzki scored . Arenado popped out to second . Morneau hit by pitch . Pacheco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Morneau out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Gyorko struck out swinging . Venable struck out looking . Grandal singled to center . Quentin hit for Vincent . Quentin homered to left ( 412 feet ) , Grandal scored . Denorfia lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Thayer pitching for Padres . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Dickerson hit for Martin . Dickerson fouled out to third . Blackmon singled to right . Blackmon stole second . Stubbs reached on infield single to pitcher , Blackmon to third . Tulowitzki lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Smith struck out swinging . Headley walked . Alonso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Benoit pitching for Padres . Gonzalez hit ground rule double to deep center . Arenado struck out swinging . Morneau struck out swinging . Pacheco lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Masset pitching for Rockies . Gyorko doubled to deep left . Venable struck out swinging . Gyorko to third on wild pitch by Masset . Grandal struck out swinging . Hundley hit for Benoit . Hundley lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Street pitching for Padres . LeMahieu struck out swinging . McKenry hit for Masset . McKenry flied out to left . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 8 - Rockies 5 .	Smith , Quentin homer in Padres ' 8 - 5 win