Padres - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera lined out to center . Smith walked . Headley grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Smith out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Pollock singled to center . Parra singled to right , Pollock to third . Goldschmidt doubled to right , Pollock scored , Parra to third . Montero walked . Prado singled to right , Parra scored , Goldschmidt to third , Montero to second . Hill struck out swinging . Owings singled to center , Goldschmidt scored , Montero to third , Prado to second . Inciarte singled to center , Montero and Prado scored , Owings to second . Roach pitching for Padres . Anderson sacrificed to third , Owings to third , Inciarte to second . Pollock doubled to deep center , Owings and Inciarte scored . Parra hit ground rule double to deep left , Pollock scored . Parra to third on wild pitch by Roach . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . 8 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Alonso flied out to right . Medica safe at first on error by third baseman Prado . Gyorko singled to left , Medica to second . Maybin reached on infield single to third , Medica to third , Gyorko to second . Grandal popped out to third . Roach lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Roach pitching for Padres . Montero singled to left . Prado homered to left ( 387 feet ) , Montero scored . Hill flied out to center . Owings singled to left . Inciarte lined out to left . Anderson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera grounded out to third . Smith grounded out to second . Headley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Roach pitching for Padres . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Parra struck out swinging . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Alonso flied out to left . Medica tripled to deep center . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop , Medica scored . Maybin tripled to deep right center . Grandal struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Roach pitching for Padres . Montero singled to center . Prado flied out to left . Montero to second on wild pitch by Roach . Hill grounded out to third . Montero to third on wild pitch by Roach . Owings walked . Inciarte grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Roach struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera safe at second on error by third baseman Prado . Headley lined out to left . Alonso singled to right , Cabrera scored , Smith to second . Medica doubled to deep left , Smith and Alonso scored . Gyorko reached on infield single to third , Medica to third . Maybin grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Ross hit for Anderson . Roach pitching for Padres . Ross struck out looking . Pollock hit by pitch . Torres pitching for Padres . Venable in center field . Parra struck out swinging . Goldschmidt singled to left center , Pollock to third . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Grandal lined out to center . Venable grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Torres pitching for Padres . Prado safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Torres , Prado advanced to second on Torres throwing error , Prado tagged out at third attempting to advance on play . Hill struck out looking . Owings singled to center . Owings to second on wild pitch by Torres . Inciarte walked . Delgado lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 7th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Smith popped out to third . Headley flied out to left . Alonso flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Patton pitching for Padres . Medica at first base . Denorfia in left field . Pollock doubled to deep center . Parra struck out swinging . Goldschmidt homered to center ( 470 feet ) , Pollock scored . Montero fouled out to third . Prado flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Evans at first base . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Medica homered to right ( 381 feet ) . Gyorko struck out swinging . Denorfia lined out to right . Grandal walked . Venable singled to right , Grandal to second . Cabrera singled to left center , Grandal to third , Venable to second . Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks . Quentin hit for Smith . Quentin hit by pitch , Grandal scored , Venable to third , Cabrera to second . Headley struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Quentin in left field . Amarista at third base . Denorfia in right field . Patton pitching for Padres . Hill grounded out to second . Owings reached on infield single to third . Inciarte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Owings out at second . Gosewisch hit for Thatcher . Gosewisch grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Rivera hit for Patton . Rivera struck out swinging . Medica flied out to center . Gyorko struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 6 - Diamondbacks 12 .	First - inning eruption lifts Arizona past Padres