Padres - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Amarista struck out swinging . Solarte lined out to right . Smith singled to left . Grandal tripled to right , Smith scored . Venable singled to center , Grandal scored . Goebbert struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Ross pitching for Padres . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . Alcantara struck out looking . Rizzo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Nelson flied out to right . Rivera flied out to right . Ross grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Ross pitching for Padres . Castro walked . Coghlan flied out to left . Valbuena struck out swinging . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Amarista lined out to left . Solarte grounded out to second . Smith doubled to deep left . Grandal flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Ross pitching for Padres . Baker doubled to deep left center . Jackson sacrificed to pitcher , Baker to third . Bonifacio struck out looking . Alcantara struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Venable grounded out to first . Goebbert struck out swinging . Nelson grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Ross pitching for Padres . Rizzo singled to right . Castro singled to center , Rizzo to third . Coghlan struck out swinging . Valbuena singled to right , Rizzo scored , Castro to second . Sweeney lined out to shortstop . Baker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 5th . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Rivera homered to left center ( 373 feet ) . Ross reached on infield single to shortstop . Ross to second on wild pitch by Jackson . Amarista flied out to left . Ross to third on wild pitch by Jackson . Solarte struck out swinging . Smith grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Ross pitching for Padres . Jackson struck out swinging . Bonifacio grounded out to pitcher . Alcantara reached on infield single to second . Alcantara stole second . Rizzo struck out swinging , Rizzo safe at first on wild pitch by Ross , Alcantara to third . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rizzo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Grandal walked . Venable singled to right , Grandal to second . Schlitter pitching for Cubs . Goebbert singled to center , Grandal to third , Venable to second . Nelson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Grandal scored on throwing error by third baseman Valbuena , Venable to third , Goebbert to second . Rivera singled to right , Venable and Goebbert scored , Nelson to third . Ross hit by pitch , Rivera to second . Amarista singled to center , Nelson and Rivera scored , Ross to second . Solarte walked , Ross to third , Amarista to second . Wright pitching for Cubs . Smith singled to center , Ross scored , Amarista to third , Solarte to second . Grandal struck out looking . Venable singled to center , Amarista scored , Solarte to third , Smith to second . Goebbert struck out swinging . Nelson singled to right , Solarte and Smith scored , Venable to second . Rivera singled to left , Venable to third , Nelson to second . Ross grounded out to second . 9 Runs , 8 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Ross pitching for Padres . Coghlan grounded out to shortstop . Valbuena grounded out to first . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Russell pitching for Cubs . Amarista flied out to left . Solarte lined out to center . Francoeur hit for Smith . Francoeur walked . Grandal grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Francoeur in right field . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Baker struck out looking . Schierholtz hit for Russell . Schierholtz flied out to left . Bonifacio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Strop pitching for Cubs . Venable grounded out to third . Goebbert flied out to left . Peterson hit for Nelson . Peterson walked . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Solarte at third base . Peterson at second base . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Alcantara singled to center . Alcantara to second on wild pitch by Stauffer . Rizzo walked . Castro singled to center , Alcantara scored , Rizzo to second . Coghlan singled to left center , Rizzo scored , Castro to second . Valbuena fouled out to third . Sweeney grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Castro to third , Coghlan safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Grandal . Vincent pitching for Padres . Baker flied out to center . Lake hit for Strop . Lake struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 9th . Rondon pitching for Cubs . Vincent struck out swinging . Amarista safe at third on error by left fielder Coghlan . Solarte hit sacrifice fly to left , Amarista scored . Francoeur grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Vincent pitching for Padres . Bonifacio reached on infield single to third . Alcantara struck out swinging . Rizzo struck out swinging . Bonifacio to second on fielder 's indifference . Castro fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 13 - Cubs 3 .	Padres ' Ross fans 11 in 13 - 3 rout of Cubs