Padres - Top 1st . Teheran pitching for Braves . Amarista lined out to second . Solarte struck out swinging . Smith singled to left . Grandal popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Upton struck out looking . La Stella walked . Freeman flied out to center . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Venable struck out swinging . Medica grounded out to shortstop . Alonso flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Heyward walked . Gattis hit ground rule double to deep right , Heyward to third . Johnson grounded out to third , Heyward scored . Simmons struck out swinging . Teheran grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Nelson flied out to right . Despaigne lined out to second . Amarista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Upton singled to right . La Stella lined out to center . Freeman singled to right , Upton to third . Upton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Freeman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Solarte singled to right . Smith singled to left , Solarte to second . Grandal doubled to deep center , Solarte and Smith scored . Venable grounded out to second , Grandal to third . Medica struck out swinging . Alonso lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Despaigne pitching for Padres . Heyward walked . Gattis walked , Heyward to second . Johnson singled to center , Heyward scored , Johnson to second , Gattis to second , Gattis thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Johnson to third . Teheran sacrificed to pitcher , Johnson scored , Simmons to second . Upton walked . La Stella reached on infield single to second , Simmons to third , Upton to second , Simmons scored , Upton to third on throwing error by second baseman Solarte . Freeman singled to right center , Upton scored , La Stella to third . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Upton popped out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 5th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Nelson doubled to left . Stauffer sacrificed to pitcher , Nelson to third . Amarista grounded out to first . Solarte singled to left , Nelson scored . Smith singled to right , Solarte to third . Grandal struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Heyward singled to center . Gattis singled to left , Heyward to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Simmons grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Gattis out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Venable flied out to center . Medica flied out to left . Alonso singled to center . Nelson reached on infield single to second , Alonso to second . Quentin hit for Stauffer . Quentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Torres pitching for Padres . Gosselin hit for Teheran . Gosselin safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Torres . Gosselin caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Upton flied out to center . La Stella singled to center . Freeman singled to center , La Stella to second . Thayer pitching for Padres . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Freeman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 7th . Simmons pitching for Braves . Amarista struck out looking . Solarte walked . Smith walked , Solarte to second . Varvaro pitching for Braves . Grandal struck out looking . Venable popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Thayer pitching for Padres . Heyward struck out swinging . Gattis hit by pitch . Johnson flied out to center . Simmons flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Walden pitching for Braves . Medica flied out to right . Alonso flied out to left . Nelson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Vincent pitching for Padres . Schafer hit for Walden . Schafer struck out swinging . Upton struck out swinging . La Stella singled to left . Freeman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Braves . Denorfia hit for Vincent . Denorfia struck out swinging . Amarista struck out swinging . Solarte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 3 - Braves 5 .	Teheran earns 10th win as Braves top Padres 5 - 3