Devil Rays - Top 1st. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Iwamura flied out to left. Harris grounded out to shortstop. Crawford flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Taveras doubled to right. Tulowitzki sacrificed to catcher, Taveras to third. Holliday struck out swinging. Helton singled to right, Taveras scored. Atkins homered to center, Helton scored. Hawpe homered to center. Iannetta flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Wigginton struck out swinging. Pena grounded out to pitcher. Young singled to center. Gomes singled to left, Young to second. Navarro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Carroll popped out to second. Lopez grounded out to second. Taveras bunt grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Shields grounded out to pitcher. Iwamura singled to right. Harris popped out to third. Crawford flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Tulowitzki fouled out to right. Holliday popped out to second. Helton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Wigginton singled to left. Pena doubled to deep right center, Wigginton scored. Young grounded out to first, Pena to third. Gomes struck out swinging. Navarro intentionally walked. Shields grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. Hawpe grounded out to pitcher. Iannetta flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Iwamura reached on infield single to first. Harris grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Iwamura out at second. Crawford flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Carroll lined out to right. Lopez struck out looking. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Wigginton grounded out to pitcher. Pena struck out swinging. Young homered to right center. Gomes singled to center. Navarro grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Tulowitzki flied out to right. Holliday doubled to deep left. Helton singled to center, Holliday scored. Atkins walked, Helton to second. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Cantu hit for Shields. Hawpe grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Atkins out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Cantu flied out to center. Iwamura grounded out to pitcher. Harris walked. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Iannetta flied out to right. Baker hit for Affeldt. Carroll walked. Baker reached on infield single to third, Carroll to second. Taveras reached on infield single to pitcher, Carroll to third, Baker to second. Tulowitzki singled to center, Carroll scored, Baker to third, Taveras to second. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Holliday singled to right, Baker and Taveras scored, Tulowitzki to third. Helton hit sacrifice fly to left, Tulowitzki scored. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Baker at first base. Atkins struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Wigginton singled to center. Pena struck out looking. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wigginton out at second. Gomes singled to left, Young to second. Reyes pitching for Devil Rays. Navarro grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Reyes pitching for Devil Rays. Hawpe flied out to center. Iannetta walked. Carroll safe at first on error by second baseman Wigginton, Iannetta to second. Baker singled to center, Iannetta to third, Carroll to second. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Taveras reached on infield single to second, Iannetta scored, Carroll to third, Baker to second. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Barker hit for Corpas. Holliday doubled to deep left, Carroll and Baker scored, Taveras to third. Martin pitching for Rockies. Barker in left field. Wilson hit for Stokes. Barker grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Martin pitching for Rockies. Wilson singled to left. Iwamura grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilson out at second. Harris singled to left, Iwamura to third. Crawford grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harris out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 2 - Rockies 12.	Rockies' back-to-back HRs down D-Rays' Shields