Mets - Top 1st. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Reyes safe at first on throwing error by catcher Torrealba. Reyes stole second. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop. Beltran walked. Wright homered to left, Reyes and Beltran scored. Delgado doubled to deep center. Valentin popped out to shortstop. Green grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Sullivan grounded out to pitcher. Matsui grounded out to first. Holliday doubled to deep right center. Holliday to third on wild pitch by Hernandez. Helton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Gomez singled to left. Hernandez sacrificed to catcher, Gomez to second. Reyes flied out to center, Gomez to third. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Atkins singled to left. Hawpe homered to right, Atkins scored. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. Torrealba struck out looking. Fogg grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Beltran struck out swinging. Wright struck out looking. Delgado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Sullivan singled to right. Sullivan stole second. Matsui struck out swinging. Sullivan to third on wild pitch by Hernandez. Holliday walked. Helton hit sacrifice fly to right, Sullivan scored. Atkins walked, Holliday to second. Hawpe walked, Holliday to third, Atkins to second. Tulowitzki grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Valentin flied out to left. Green doubled to left. Gomez flied out to center. Hernandez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Torrealba doubled to deep right center. Fogg sacrificed to pitcher, Torrealba to third. Sullivan walked. Matsui grounded out to first, Sullivan to second. Holliday walked. Helton walked, Torrealba scored, Sullivan to third, Holliday to second. Atkins singled to shallow left, Sullivan scored, Holliday to third, Helton to second, Holliday scored, Helton to third, Atkins to second on throwing error by shortstop Reyes. Hawpe lined out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 5th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Reyes lined out to center. Lo Duca tripled to deep right center. Beltran hit sacrifice fly to left, Lo Duca scored. Wright singled to left. Mota pitching for Mets. Delgado grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Mota pitching for Mets. Tulowitzki homered to left. Torrealba singled to right center. Fogg struck out bunting foul. Sullivan grounded out to first, Torrealba to second. Matsui singled to right, Torrealba scored. Matsui stole second. Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop, Matsui to third. Helton doubled to deep center, Matsui and Holliday scored. Atkins homered to left, Helton scored. Sele pitching for Mets. Hawpe walked. Tulowitzki singled to center, Hawpe to third. Torrealba flied out to left. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Valentin doubled to deep left. Green reached on infield single to shortstop, Valentin to third. Ledee hit for Sele. Gomez struck out looking. Ledee hit sacrifice fly to left, Valentin scored. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Ledee in left field. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Green out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Fogg singled to right. Sullivan singled to left center, Fogg to second. Matsui grounded out to first, Fogg to third, Sullivan to second. Holliday intentionally walked. Helton walked, Fogg scored, Sullivan to third, Holliday to second. Atkins doubled to deep right center, Sullivan and Holliday scored, Helton to third. Hawpe struck out swinging. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Baker at first base. Tulowitzki fouled out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Lo Duca doubled to deep right center. Beltran grounded out to second, Lo Duca to third. Wright singled to right center, Lo Duca scored. Schoeneweis pitching for Mets. Easley at third base. Delgado grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wright out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Schoeneweis pitching for Mets. Torrealba singled to left. Baker walked, Torrealba to second. Sullivan reached on infield single to first, Torrealba to third, Baker to second. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Torrealba scored, Sullivan out at second, Baker to third. Spilborghs hit for Buchholz. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to third, Baker scored, Matsui out at second. Spilborghs singled to right, Holliday to second. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Spilborghs in left field. Atkins lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Valentin lined out to first. Green grounded out to second. Easley reached on infield single to shortstop. Ledee walked, Easley to second. Heilman pitching for Mets. Reyes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Heilman pitching for Mets. Hawpe struck out looking. Tulowitzki doubled to deep left center. Torrealba grounded out to third, Tulowitzki to third. Herges pitching for Rockies. Baker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Lo Duca grounded out to third. Gotay hit for Heilman. Beltran doubled to deep left. Gotay singled to center, Beltran to third. Delgado hit sacrifice fly to right, Beltran scored. Valentin flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 7 - Rockies 17.	Rockies pound Mets with 17 runs, complete sweep