Phillies - Top 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Rollins hit ground rule double to deep left. Victorino lined out to right. Utley singled to right center, Rollins scored. Howard flied out to left. Rowand hit ground rule double to deep right center, Utley to third. Burrell singled to deep left, Utley and Rowand scored. Helms reached on infield single to catcher, Burrell to second. Coste reached on infield single to shortstop, Burrell to third, Helms to second. Kendrick grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Taveras doubled to deep center. Matsui flied out to left. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Helton walked. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Rollins grounded out to third. Victorino doubled to deep left. Utley struck out looking. Howard singled to left, Victorino scored. Rowand doubled to deep center, Howard thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Hawpe doubled to deep center. Tulowitzki fouled out to right, Hawpe to third. Torrealba grounded out to third, Hawpe scored. Francis grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Burrell struck out looking. Helms hit by pitch. Coste grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helms out at second. Kendrick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Taveras grounded out to third. Matsui reached on infield single to second. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matsui out at second. Holliday caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Helton batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Rollins singled to left center. Victorino grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rollins out at second. Utley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Helton flied out to center. Atkins doubled to deep left. Hawpe singled to center, Atkins to third. Tulowitzki fouled out to second. Torrealba grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Howard struck out swinging. Rowand doubled to deep left center. Burrell walked. Helms doubled to deep center, Rowand and Burrell scored. Coste grounded out to second, Helms to third. Sullivan hit for Francis. Kendrick struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Sullivan singled to right. Taveras singled to left, Sullivan to second. Matsui lined out to shortstop. Holliday flied out to center. Martin pitching for Rockies. Sullivan in center field. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Martin pitching for Rockies. Rollins grounded out to shortstop. Victorino walked. Utley singled to center, Victorino to third. Howard struck out swinging. Rowand grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Atkins fouled out to first. Hawpe grounded out to first. Tulowitzki singled to left. Torrealba singled to center, Tulowitzki to third, Torrealba to second advancing on throw. Baker hit for Martin. Sullivan singled to center, Tulowitzki and Torrealba scored. Herges pitching for Rockies. Baker struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Burrell grounded out to second. Helms grounded out to shortstop. Zagurski pitching for Phillies. Bourn in left field. Coste grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Zagurski pitching for Phillies. Matsui flied out to left. Holliday homered to center. Helton walked. Atkins singled to right, Helton to second. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Hawpe struck out swinging. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Tulowitzki popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Bourn bunt grounded out to catcher. Rollins grounded out to pitcher. Victorino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Torrealba doubled to deep left. Spilborghs hit for Affeldt. Sullivan singled to left, Torrealba to third. Spilborghs hit sacrifice fly to right, Torrealba scored. Matsui walked, Sullivan to second. Julio pitching for Rockies. Holliday grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Matsui out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Julio pitching for Rockies. Utley flied out to left. Howard singled to center. Dobbs hit for Mesa. Rowand walked, Howard to second. Dobbs flied out to center. Nunez at third base. Romero pitching for Phillies. Helms struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Alfonseca pitching for Phillies. Helton grounded out to first. Atkins flied out to left. Hawpe homered to center. Tulowitzki singled to left. Torrealba grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tulowitzki out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 10th. Julio pitching for Rockies. Coste flied out to center. Bourn grounded out to second. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Rollins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 10th. Carroll hit for Julio. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Sullivan walked. Carroll sacrificed to first, Sullivan to second. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. Carroll at second base. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 11th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Victorino grounded out to first. Utley grounded out to first. Howard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 11th. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Helton lined out to second. Atkins walked. Hawpe singled to center, Atkins to second. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Torrealba singled to center, Atkins scored, Hawpe to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 6 - Rockies 7.	Rockies rally to tie in 9th, pull out win in 11\r\n vs. Phils