Rockies - Top 1st. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Taveras hit by pitch. Taveras stole second. Matsui grounded out to first, Taveras to third. Holliday doubled to left, Taveras scored. Helton walked. Atkins reached on infield single to third, Holliday to third, Helton to second. Hawpe walked, Holliday scored, Helton to third, Atkins to second. Tulowitzki singled to right, Helton and Atkins scored, Hawpe to third. Torrealba grounded out to third, Hawpe scored, Tulowitzki to second. Buchholz grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. McLouth doubled to deep center. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche struck out looking. Nady walked. Doumit singled to right, McLouth scored, Nady to second. Bay struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Taveras singled to left. Taveras stole second. Matsui safe at first on error by second baseman Sanchez, Taveras to third. Holliday hit sacrifice fly to center, Taveras scored. Matsui stole second. Helton grounded out to shortstop. Atkins flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Castillo singled to center. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Castillo out at second. Van Benschoten sacrificed to pitcher, Wilson to second. McLouth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Hawpe singled to right. Tulowitzki hit by pitch, Hawpe to second. Armas pitching for Pirates. Torrealba hit ground rule double to deep left center, Hawpe scored, Tulowitzki to third. Buchholz singled to left, Tulowitzki scored, Torrealba to third. Taveras hit sacrifice fly to left, Torrealba scored. Matsui struck out swinging. Holliday flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Sanchez singled to right center. LaRoche singled to right, Sanchez to second. Nady struck out swinging. Doumit singled to right, Sanchez scored, LaRoche to third. Bay singled to left, LaRoche scored, Doumit to second. Castillo flied out to center, Doumit to third. Wilson singled to left, Doumit scored, Bay to second. Armas grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Armas pitching for Pirates. Helton flied out to center. Atkins flied out to center. Hawpe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. McLouth safe at first on error by first baseman Helton. Sanchez doubled to deep left, McLouth to third. LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to shortstop, McLouth scored, Sanchez to third. Nady hit sacrifice fly to left, Sanchez scored. Doumit struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 5th. Armas pitching for Pirates. Tulowitzki lined out to left. Torrealba struck out swinging. Herges pitching for Rockies. Buchholz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Bay walked. Castillo popped out to second. Kata hit for Armas. Wilson singled to right, Bay to second. Kata singled to center, Bay scored, Wilson to third. McLouth sacrificed to pitcher, Wilson scored, Kata to second. Kuwata pitching for Pirates. Sanchez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Kuwata pitching for Pirates. Taveras safe at second on error by shortstop Wilson. Matsui grounded out to second, Taveras to third. Marte pitching for Pirates. Holliday hit sacrifice fly to center, Taveras scored. Martin pitching for Rockies. Helton grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Martin pitching for Rockies. LaRoche walked. Nady singled to left, LaRoche to second. Doumit popped out to shortstop. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Bay grounded into double play, third to first, LaRoche out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Marte pitching for Pirates. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. Hawpe struck out swinging. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Davis hit for Marte. Wilson lined out to second. Davis singled to right. Julio pitching for Rockies. Spilborghs in right field. McLouth safe at first on error by first baseman Helton, Davis to second. Torres pitching for Pirates. Sanchez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Torrealba fouled out to first. Spilborghs flied out to center. Taveras struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Julio pitching for Rockies. LaRoche grounded out to second. Nady grounded out to second. Capps pitching for Pirates. Doumit flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Matsui bunt grounded out to third. Holliday safe at first on error by third baseman Castillo. Helton singled to left, Holliday to second. Carroll hit for Julio. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to third, Holliday out at third, Helton to second. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Carroll at third base. Carroll grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Bay struck out swinging. Castillo grounded out to second. Wilson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 10 - Pirates 8.	Rockies score 5 runs in 1st, hold on to top Pirates