Rockies - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Braves. Sullivan singled to left. Matsui flied out to left. Atkins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sullivan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Harris tripled to deep left. Johnson singled to center, Harris scored. Jones flied out to left. Teixeira struck out looking, Johnson stole second. McCann struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Helton popped out to shortstop. Spilborghs struck out looking. Hawpe doubled to deep left. Tulowitzki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Francoeur grounded out to third. Diaz homered to right. Escobar struck out swinging. Hudson struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Torrealba grounded out to shortstop. Jimenez struck out swinging. Sullivan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Harris flied out to center. Johnson walked. Jones struck out swinging, Johnson stole second, Johnson to third on throwing error by catcher Torrealba. Teixeira walked. McCann grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Matsui reached on infield single to shortstop. Atkins flied out to left. Helton grounded into double play, third to second to first, Matsui out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Francoeur walked. Diaz hit by pitch, Francoeur to second. Escobar singled to left, Francoeur to third, Diaz to second. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Francoeur out at home, Diaz to third, Escobar to second. Harris grounded out to first, Diaz scored, Escobar to third, Hudson to second. Johnson walked. Jones struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Spilborghs grounded out to third. Hawpe struck out swinging. Tulowitzki singled to right. Torrealba struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Teixeira grounded out to pitcher. McCann singled to right. Francoeur struck out swinging. Diaz hit by pitch, McCann to second. Escobar walked, McCann to third, Diaz to second. Hudson singled to center, McCann and Diaz scored, Escobar to third. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Harris singled to center, Escobar scored, Hudson to second. Hudson to third, Harris to second on wild pitch by Ramirez. Johnson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Baker hit for Ramirez. Hudson pitching for Braves. Baker struck out looking. Sullivan flied out to center. Matsui flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Jones struck out swinging. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Jones struck out swinging. Teixeira flied out to right. McCann singled to center. Francoeur fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Atkins grounded out to third. Helton singled to center. Spilborghs walked, Helton to second. Hawpe walked, Helton to third, Spilborghs to second. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hawpe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Diaz flied out to center. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Thorman hit for Hudson. Thorman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Dotel pitching for Braves. Torrealba doubled to deep left. Iannetta hit for Buchholz. Iannetta struck out swinging. Sullivan safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Matsui walked, Torrealba to third, Sullivan to second. Atkins homered to left, Torrealba, Sullivan and Matsui scored. Soriano pitching for Braves. Helton fouled out to catcher. Spilborghs grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 8th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Harris lined out to shortstop. Johnson doubled to deep right. Jones grounded out to second, Johnson to third. Teixeira grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Wickman pitching for Braves. Jones in center field. Hawpe struck out swinging. Tulowitzki hit by pitch. Torrealba struck out looking. Taveras hit for Herges. Tulowitzki to second on fielder's indifference. Taveras grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Braves 6.	Braves' Hudson gets best of Rockies with arm, bat