Cubs - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Theriot flied out to center. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Lee reached on infield single to third. Murton singled to left, Lee to second. DeRosa grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. Matsui singled to center. Holliday flied out to right. Matsui stole second. Atkins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Fontenot singled to center. Kendall walked, Fontenot to second. Pie struck out looking. Marquis struck out swinging. Theriot grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Hawpe singled to right. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hawpe out at second. Torrealba grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Jones reached on bunt single to third. Lee safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Baker, Jones to third. Murton grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jones out at home, Lee to second. DeRosa walked, Lee to third, Murton to second. Fontenot grounded out to second, Lee scored, Murton to third, DeRosa to second. Kendall singled to center, Murton and DeRosa scored. Pie flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Baker popped out to second. Cook struck out swinging. Taveras singled to left. Matsui fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Marquis doubled to deep center. Theriot flied out to left. Jones doubled to deep left, Marquis scored. Lee intentionally walked. Murton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lee out at second, Jones to third. DeRosa grounded into fielder's choice to second, Murton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Holliday safe at first on throwing error by third baseman DeRosa. Atkins grounded out to shortstop, Holliday to second. Hawpe struck out looking. Tulowitzki doubled to deep left, Holliday scored. Torrealba struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Fontenot lined out to right. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Pie grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Baker struck out looking. Cook popped out to second. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Marquis struck out swinging. Theriot struck out swinging. Jones homered to right. Lee grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Matsui grounded out to second. Holliday grounded out to second. Atkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Murton reached on infield single to shortstop. DeRosa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Murton out at second. Fontenot struck out looking. Kendall reached on infield single to second, DeRosa to second. DeRosa to third, Kendall to second on wild pitch by Speier. Pie grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Hawpe doubled to center. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. Torrealba grounded out to second, Hawpe to third. Baker hit by pitch. Carroll ran for Baker. Spilborghs hit for Speier. Marmol pitching for Cubs. Cedeno at second base. Spilborghs walked, Carroll to second. Taveras struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Julio pitching for Rockies. Atkins at first base. Carroll at third base. Spilborghs in center field. Cedeno grounded out to third. Theriot grounded out to third. Jones struck out swinging, Jones safe at first on wild pitch by Julio. Jones stole second. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Marmol pitching for Cubs. Matsui reached on infield single to catcher. Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop, Matsui to second. Matsui to third, Holliday to second on wild pitch by Marmol. Atkins walked. Howry pitching for Cubs. Hawpe popped out to shortstop. Tulowitzki grounded out to third, Matsui scored, Holliday to third, Atkins to second. Torrealba flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Murton homered to right. DeRosa struck out looking. Patterson hit for Howry. Patterson grounded out to first. Kendall singled to left center. Kendall caught stealing second, catcher to second. Pie batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Carroll lined out to first. Spilborghs struck out swinging. Sullivan hit for Corpas. Sullivan safe at second on throwing error by third baseman DeRosa, Sullivan advanced to first on play, Sullivan tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Cubs 6 - Rockies 2.	Marquis shuts down Rockies as Cubs keep pace