Athletics - Top 1st. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Semien struck out swinging. Canha reached on infield single to first. Lowrie flied out to center. Davis homered to right center (392 feet), Canha scored. Chapman struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Taylor struck out swinging. Pederson doubled to deep center. Pederson to third on wild pitch by Mengden. Seager grounded out to second, Pederson scored. Kemp singled to shallow left. Bellinger popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Piscotty struck out swinging. Lucroy singled to center. Thompson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lucroy out at second. Mengden grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Grandal grounded out to first. Utley struck out looking. Forsythe singled to center. Wood grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Semien struck out looking. Canha flied out to left. Lowrie grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Taylor popped out to shortstop. Pederson struck out swinging. Seager singled to shallow right. Kemp grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Davis doubled to left. Chapman singled to center, Davis scored. Piscotty flied out to right. Lucroy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Chapman to second. Thompson struck out swinging. Mengden singled to center, Chapman scored, Lucroy to second, Lucroy to third, Mengden to second on throwing error by center fielder Taylor. Semien doubled to left, Lucroy and Mengden scored. Chargois pitching for Dodgers. Olson hit for Canha. Olson singled to center, Semien scored. Lowrie flied out to center. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Olson at first base. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Bellinger popped out to third. Grandal homered to right (386 feet). Utley flied out to center. Forsythe struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. B치ez pitching for Dodgers. Davis singled to left. Chapman fouled out to third. Piscotty singled to left, Davis to second. Lucroy singled to left, Davis to third, Piscotty to second. Thompson popped out to second. Mengden struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Barnes hit for B치ez. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Barnes struck out looking. Taylor singled to center. Pederson lined out to center. Seager grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Alexander pitching for Dodgers. Semien walked. Olson singled to right, Semien to second. Lowrie singled to center, Semien scored, Olson to third. Olson scored, Lowrie to second on wild pitch by Alexander. Davis flied out to center. Lowrie to third on wild pitch by Alexander. Chapman grounded out to shortstop. Piscotty grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Kemp doubled to center. Bellinger safe at first on error by first baseman Olson, Kemp to third. Joyce in right field. Petit pitching for Athletics. Grandal singled to right, Kemp scored, Bellinger to second. Utley grounded out to first, Bellinger to third, Grandal to second. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop, Bellinger scored. Puig hit for Alexander. Puig flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 7th. Fields pitching for Dodgers. Lucroy doubled to right. Thompson struck out swinging. Joyce lined out to center, Lucroy to third. Semien singled to left, Lucroy scored. Olson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Petit pitching for Athletics. Taylor flied out to left. Pederson grounded out to shortstop. Seager lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Hern치ndez at shortstop. Font pitching for Dodgers. Lowrie singled to left. Davis struck out swinging. Chapman homered to left (376 feet), Lowrie scored. Smolinski hit for Petit. Smolinski grounded out to third. Lucroy grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Buchter pitching for Athletics. Kemp singled to left. Bellinger fouled out to third. Grandal doubled to deep left center, Kemp to third. Utley hit sacrifice fly to left, Kemp scored. Forsythe popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Font pitching for Dodgers. Thompson singled to center. Joyce singled to right, Thompson to third. Semien grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thompson scored, Joyce out at second. Olson singled to center, Semien to second. Lowrie homered to right (382 feet), Semien and Olson scored. Davis flied out to center. Chapman fouled out to catcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Barreto at second base. Pagan pitching for Athletics. Hern치ndez homered to left (373 feet). Taylor flied out to center. Pederson grounded out to third. Farmer hit for Font. Farmer reached on infield single to shortstop. Kemp flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 16 - Dodgers 6.	Davis, A's get 21 hits in 16-6 win over Dodgers