White Sox - Top 1st. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Moncada singled to right center. Moncada stole second. García grounded out to second, Moncada to third. Abreu struck out swinging. Davidson walked. Delmonico popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Joyce doubled to center. Semien popped out to shortstop. Lowrie struck out swinging. Davis walked. Olson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Castillo struck out looking. Sánchez singled to left. Anderson grounded into double play, third to first to shortstop to third to first to shortstop, Sánchez out at third, Sánchez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Chapman popped out to first. Canha flied out to right. Piscotty doubled to center. Lucroy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Engel reached on infield single to shortstop. Moncada sacrificed to catcher, Engel to second. García grounded out to shortstop, Engel to third. Abreu lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Joyce struck out swinging. Semien grounded out to second. Lowrie walked. Davis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Davidson struck out swinging. Delmonico grounded out to second. Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop. Sánchez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castillo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Olson homered to right center (407 feet). Chapman struck out swinging. Canha walked. Piscotty lined out to third. Lucroy struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Engel struck out swinging. Moncada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Joyce walked. Semien struck out looking. Lowrie grounded out to second, Joyce to second. Davis doubled to deep center, Joyce scored. Olson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Mengden pitching for Athletics. García flied out to center. Abreu grounded out to third. Davidson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Chapman struck out looking. Canha struck out swinging. Piscotty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Delmonico lined out to right. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Sánchez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. García in left field. Avilán pitching for White Sox. Lucroy walked. Joyce sacrificed to catcher, Lucroy to second, Joyce safe at first on error by first baseman Abreu. Semien singled to right, Lucroy to third, Joyce to second. Lowrie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lucroy scored on error by shortstop Anderson, Joyce safe at third on error by shortstop Anderson, Semien safe at second on error by shortstop Anderson, Joyce scored, Semien to third, Lowrie to first on er. Farquhar pitching for White Sox. Davis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Semien scored, Lowrie out at second. Olson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 3 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Anderson grounded out to third. Engel singled to left. Moncada struck out looking. García flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Volstad pitching for White Sox. Chapman walked. Canha singled to center, Chapman to third, Canha to second on throwing error by center fielder Engel. Piscotty singled to center, Chapman scored, Canha to third. Lucroy grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Canha out at third, Piscotty to second. Bummer pitching for White Sox. Joyce flied out to left. Semien walked, Piscotty to third, Lucroy to second. Lowrie singled to center, Piscotty and Lucroy scored, Semien to second. Semien to third, Lowrie to second on wild pitch by Bummer. Davis grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 9th. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Abreu homered to center (422 feet). Petit pitching for Athletics. Davidson struck out swinging. García grounded out to first. Narváez hit for Castillo. Narváez struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 1 - Athletics 8.	Mengden goes 8 crisp innings in A's 8-1 win over White Sox