White Sox - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Moncada walked. Moncada stole second. García struck out swinging. Abreu grounded out to shortstop, Moncada to third. Davidson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Joyce flied out to right. Semien grounded out to second. Lowrie homered to right center (374 feet). Davis hit ground rule double to deep center. Olson reached on infield single to third, Davis to third. Chapman walked, Olson to second. Canha singled to left, Davis and Olson scored, Chapman to third. Piscotty doubled to deep right center, Chapman and Canha scored. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Delmonico flied out to left. Sánchez struck out swinging. Anderson walked. Anderson stole second. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Joyce walked. Semien lined out to right. Lowrie popped out to second. Joyce caught stealing second, catcher to second. Davis batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Narváez grounded out to second. Moncada doubled to deep right. García singled to left, Moncada to third. Abreu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, García out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Davis struck out looking. Olson popped out to third. Chapman lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Davidson singled to deep right. Delmonico flied out to left. Sánchez struck out swinging, Davidson to second on wild pitch by Cahill. Anderson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Canha reached on infield single to second. Piscotty doubled to left, Canha to third. Lucroy singled to center, Canha and Piscotty scored. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Joyce doubled to deep left center, Lucroy to third. Semien hit sacrifice fly to right, Lucroy scored, Joyce to third. Lowrie flied out to right. Davis grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. García struck out swinging. Narváez singled to center. Moncada struck out swinging. García flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Olson struck out looking. Chapman walked. Canha flied out to right. Piscotty fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Abreu singled to left. Davidson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Abreu out at second. Delmonico struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Soria pitching for White Sox. Lucroy singled to center. Joyce struck out swinging. Semien struck out swinging. Lowrie singled to left center, Lucroy to second. Davis walked, Lucroy to third, Lowrie to second. Olson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Sánchez struck out swinging. Anderson grounded out to second. García grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Rondón pitching for White Sox. Chapman walked. Canha doubled to left, Chapman to third. Piscotty hit sacrifice fly to right, Chapman scored, Canha to third. Lucroy singled to center, Canha scored. Joyce walked, Lucroy to second. Semien grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Joyce out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Dull pitching for Athletics. Pinder at second base. Narváez struck out swinging, Narváez safe at first on wild pitch by Dull. Moncada homered to right (387 feet), Narváez scored. García struck out swinging. Abreu struck out swinging. Davidson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Engel in center field. García in right field. Jones pitching for White Sox. Pinder struck out looking. Davis struck out swinging. Olson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Delmonico singled to left center. Sánchez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Delmonico out at second. Anderson walked, Sánchez to second. García singled to right, Sánchez to third, Anderson to second. Narváez struck out swinging. Moncada struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 2 - Athletics 10.	Birthday boy Lowrie homers as A's beat White Sox 10-2