Astros - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Springer doubled to left. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Springer to third on wild pitch by Anderson. Correa walked. Gurriel popped out to first. Bregman walked, Correa to second. González singled to center, Springer and Correa scored, Bregman to third. Bregman out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Gattis batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Semien flied out to center. Pinder flied out to left. Lowrie walked. Davis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Gattis grounded out to first. Reddick singled to shallow right. Stassi doubled to deep center, Reddick to third. Springer homered to left (462 feet), Reddick and Stassi scored. Altuve grounded out to third. Correa singled to third. Gurriel flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Chapman popped out to shortstop. Olson flied out to left. Canha safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Bregman. Lucroy grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Bregman grounded out to shortstop. González singled to right. Gattis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, González out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Smolinski grounded out to shortstop. Semien singled to left. Pinder grounded out to pitcher, Semien to second. Lowrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Reddick walked. Stassi doubled to left, Reddick scored. Springer singled to left center, Stassi to third. Altuve singled to left, Stassi scored, Springer to second. Hatcher pitching for Athletics. Correa grounded into fielder's choice to first, Springer scored on throwing error by first baseman Olson, Altuve safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Olson. Gurriel walked, Correa to second. Bregman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Altuve scored, Gurriel out at second, Correa to third. González homered to right (401 feet), Correa scored. Gattis singled to right. Reddick flied out to center. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Davis safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Bregman. Chapman grounded into double play, third to second to first, Davis out at second. Olson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 5th. Hatcher pitching for Athletics. Stassi flied out to right. Springer reached on infield single to pitcher. Altuve lined out to center. Correa popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Canha grounded out to second. Lucroy walked. Smolinski struck out swinging. Semien grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lucroy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Pinder at third base. Joyce in right field. Hatcher pitching for Athletics. Gurriel lined out to third. Bregman grounded out to second. González grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Fisher in left field. González at shortstop. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Pinder doubled to left. Lowrie grounded out to second, Pinder to third. Davis grounded out to shortstop, Pinder scored. Joyce grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Font pitching for Athletics. Gattis grounded out to third. Reddick walked. Stassi struck out swinging. Springer reached on infield single to third, Reddick to second. Altuve flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Marisnick in right field. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Olson lined out to center. Canha struck out looking. Lucroy singled to left center. Smolinski grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lucroy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Font pitching for Athletics. Fisher homered to right (356 feet). Gurriel walked. Bregman doubled to left, Gurriel to third. González grounded out to shortstop, Gurriel scored. Gattis struck out looking. Marisnick struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Semien flied out to right. Pinder singled to center. Lowrie flied out to center. Maxwell hit for Davis. Maxwell doubled to deep center, Pinder thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Font pitching for Athletics. Stassi grounded out to third. Springer singled to center. Altuve singled to center, Springer to second. Fisher struck out swinging. Gurriel singled to center, Springer scored, Altuve to second. Bregman doubled to deep left center, Altuve and Gurriel scored. Coulombe pitching for Athletics. González lined out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Sipp pitching for Astros. Joyce flied out to left. Olson struck out swinging. Canha doubled to deep left. Lucroy doubled to deep right, Canha scored. Smolinski reached on infield single to shortstop, Lucroy to third. Semien flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 16 - Athletics 2.	Springer 6-for-6, ties Joe Morgan's Astros mark