Mariners - Top 1st. Lucas pitching for Athletics. Segura singled to shallow center. Heredia singled to center, Segura to third. Haniger walked, Heredia to second. Cruz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Segura scored, Haniger out at second, Heredia to third. Seager struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Joyce singled to center. Semien singled to left, Joyce to third, Semien to second advancing on throw. Lowrie hit sacrifice fly to left, Joyce scored. Olson struck out looking. Chapman walked. Piscotty doubled to deep left center, Semien and Chapman scored. Fowler singled to shallow left, Piscotty scored. Canha grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fowler out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Lucas pitching for Athletics. Vogelbach walked. Gamel grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Vogelbach out at second. Romine walked. Romine stole second. Freitas singled to right, Romine scored. Segura grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Maxwell lined out to center. Joyce popped out to third. Semien flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Hatcher pitching for Athletics. Heredia lined out to left. Haniger flied out to right. Cruz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Lowrie grounded out to second. Olson grounded out to shortstop. Chapman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Hatcher pitching for Athletics. Seager singled to right. Vogelbach grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Seager out at second. Gamel singled to shallow right. Romine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Piscotty grounded out to third. Fowler singled to center. Fowler stole second. Canha grounded out to shortstop. Maxwell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Petit pitching for Athletics. Freitas grounded out to third. Segura singled to right. Heredia struck out swinging. Haniger struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Joyce flied out to right. Semien struck out swinging. Lowrie lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Petit pitching for Athletics. Cruz struck out swinging. Seager grounded out to shortstop. Vogelbach lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Olson grounded out to shortstop. Chapman grounded out to third. Piscotty grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Petit pitching for Athletics. Gamel struck out swinging. Romine singled to right. Freitas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Romine out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Cook pitching for Mariners. Fowler popped out to third. Canha grounded out to third. Maxwell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Segura singled to right. Heredia walked, Segura to second. Haniger grounded into double play, third to second, Segura out at third, Heredia out at second, Haniger to first. Cruz singled to shallow right center, Haniger to third. Treinen pitching for Athletics. Seager doubled to deep right, Haniger scored, Cruz to third. Vogelbach flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Rzepczynski pitching for Mariners. Joyce grounded out to first. Bradford pitching for Mariners. Semien struck out swinging. Lowrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Treinen pitching for Athletics. Gamel flied out to left. Healy hit for Romine. Healy struck out swinging. Zunino hit for Freitas. Zunino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Athletics 4.	Piscotty, A's tag Hernandez early, beat Mariners 4-3