Athletics - Top 1st. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Semien grounded out to shortstop. Chapman walked. Lowrie struck out swinging.Davis reached on missed catch error by second baseman Hampson, Chapman to second. Davis batting. Piscotty hit by pitch, Chapman to third, Davis to second. Olson lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Blackmon doubled to deep left. Desmond grounded out to second, Blackmon to third. Arenado struck out swinging. Story grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Canha grounded out to second. Lucroy popped out to shortstop. Manaea singled to right. Semien singled to deep left, Manaea to second. Chapman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Cuevas reached on bunt single to pitcher. González singled to center, Cuevas to third. Hampson bunt singled to first, Cuevas scored, González to second. Iannetta struck out swinging. Freeland bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, González out at third, Hampson to second. Blackmon grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Lowrie struck out looking. Davis walked. Piscotty grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davis out at second. Olson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Desmond grounded out to second. Arenado singled to left. Story grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arenado out at second. Cuevas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Canha struck out swinging. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. Manaea grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. González reached on infield single to first. Hampson popped out to second. Iannetta struck out swinging. Freeland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Semien singled to left. Chapman reached on infield single to third, Semien to second. Lowrie lined out to left, Semien to third. Davis walked, Chapman to second. Piscotty grounded into double play, third to second to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Blackmon doubled to right. Desmond singled to right, Blackmon scored, Desmond out stretching at second. Arenado homered to left (454 feet). Story grounded out to third. Cuevas grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Olson flied out to right. Canha popped out to shortstop. Lucroy doubled to deep left. Pinder hit for Manaea. Pinder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. González doubled to deep center. Hampson struck out looking. Iannetta walked. Parra hit for Freeland. Parra lined out to right, González to third. Blackmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Parra in left field. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Semien lined out to center. Chapman doubled to deep right. Lowrie doubled to deep left, Chapman scored. Davis struck out swinging. Wolters catching. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Piscotty struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Desmond struck out looking. Arenado lined out to shortstop. Story flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Olson grounded out to first. Canha singled to left. Lucroy singled to left center, Canha to second. Martini hit for Wendelken. Martini grounded into fielder's choice to third, Canha out at third, Lucroy to second. Semien walked, Lucroy to third, Martini to second. Chapman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Pagan pitching for Athletics. Wolters grounded out to first. González struck out swinging. Hampson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Lowrie lined out to right. Davis popped out to first. Piscotty grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 1 - Rockies 3.	Freeland, Arenado help Rockies cool down A's 3-1