Athletics - Top 1st. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Semien grounded out to third. Chapman singled to right. Lowrie grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Chapman out at second. Davis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Springer singled to center. Bregman reached on bunt single to third, Springer to second, Springer to third, Bregman to second on throwing error by third baseman Chapman. Altuve singled to center, Springer scored, Bregman to third. Correa hit sacrifice fly to left, Bregman scored. Altuve to second on passed ball by Phegley. White walked. Gurriel grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, White out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 2nd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Piscotty flied out to center. Olson struck out looking. Pinder reached on infield single to third. Laureano walked, Pinder to second. Phegley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Reddick grounded out to first. Stassi walked. Kemp flied out to center. Springer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stassi out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Semien singled to right center. Chapman singled to right, Semien to third. Lowrie singled to center, Semien scored, Chapman to third. Davis popped out to second. Piscotty doubled to left, Chapman and Lowrie scored. Olson lined out to second. Pinder grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Bregman walked. Altuve struck out swinging. Correa fouled out to first. White struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Laureano doubled to deep left center. Phegley lined out to right, Laureano to third. Semien grounded out to third. Chapman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Gurriel walked. Reddick grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gurriel out at second. Stassi singled to center, Reddick to second. Kemp walked, Reddick to third, Stassi to second. Springer singled to shallow left, Reddick scored, Stassi to third, Kemp to second. Bregman walked, Stassi scored, Kemp to third, Springer to second. Kelley pitching for Athletics. Altuve struck out swinging. Correa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bregman out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Lowrie grounded out to second. Davis struck out swinging. Piscotty grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Dull pitching for Athletics. White grounded out to third. Gurriel struck out swinging. Reddick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Olson singled to right. Pinder popped out to shortstop. Laureano grounded into fielder's choice to second, Olson out at second. Phegley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Dull pitching for Athletics. Stassi struck out swinging. Kemp flied out to left. Springer walked. Bregman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Semien flied out to left. Chapman walked. Lowrie walked, Chapman to second. Davis walked, Chapman to third, Lowrie to second. Piscotty hit by pitch, Chapman scored, Lowrie to third, Davis to second. Sipp pitching for Astros. Olson fouled out to second. Smith pitching for Astros. Martini hit for Pinder. Martini grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Martini in left field. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Altuve struck out swinging. Correa struck out swinging. White singled to center. Gurriel walked, White to second. White to third, Gurriel to second on wild pitch by Trivino. Reddick intentionally walked. González hit for Stassi. González grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Maldonado catching. Smith pitching for Astros. Laureano struck out swinging. Phegley grounded out to second. Semien lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Rodney pitching for Athletics. Kemp walked. Springer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kemp out at second. Bregman doubled to left. Altuve struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Osuna pitching for Astros. Chapman struck out swinging. Lowrie doubled to right. Davis struck out swinging. Piscotty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Familia pitching for Athletics. Correa fouled out to first. White homered to left (332 feet). 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 4 - Astros 5.	White's 9th inning shot powers Astros over A's 5-4