Cardinals - Top 1st . Moehler pitching for Astros . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . Mather struck out swinging . Pujols lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Pence lined out to shortstop . Matsui struck out swinging . Erstad lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Moehler pitching for Astros . Ludwick flied out to center . Glaus grounded out to third . Molina popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Berkman grounded out to shortstop . Lee struck out swinging . Blum flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Moehler pitching for Astros . Kennedy walked . Looper grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kennedy out at second . Izturis lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Loretta singled to right . Quintero grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Loretta out at second . Moehler struck out bunting foul . Pence doubled to deep center , Quintero scored . Matsui singled to center , Pence scored , Matsui tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Moehler pitching for Astros . Schumaker singled to center . Mather flied out to center . Pujols struck out swinging , Schumaker stole second . Ludwick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Erstad doubled to deep center . Berkman hit by pitch . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Erstad to third , Berkman to second , Erstad and Berkman scored , Lee to third on throwing error by shortstop Izturis . Blum grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lee scored on error by catcher Molina . Loretta singled to shallow left , Blum to second . Quintero struck out swinging . Moehler struck out swinging . Pence popped out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Moehler pitching for Astros . Glaus struck out swinging . Molina walked . Kennedy singled to shallow center , Molina to second . Looper sacrificed to pitcher , Molina to third , Kennedy to second . Izturis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Matsui popped out to catcher . Erstad struck out swinging . Berkman popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Moehler pitching for Astros . Schumaker grounded out to first . Mather struck out swinging . Pujols flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Lee lined out to center . Blum reached on infield single to shortstop . Loretta singled to shallow right , Blum to third . Quintero reached on infield single to third , Loretta to second . Moehler struck out swinging . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Quintero out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Moehler pitching for Astros . Ludwick struck out swinging . Glaus grounded out to third . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Miles at third base . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Matsui singled to shallow center . Erstad grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matsui out at second . Berkman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Geary pitching for Astros . Kennedy singled to right center . Miles grounded out to second , Kennedy to second . Izturis grounded out to first , Kennedy to third . Schumaker reached on infield single to second , Kennedy scored . Mather struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Lee popped out to catcher . Blum homered to right . Loretta singled to shallow center . Quintero grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Loretta out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Astros . Bourn in center field . Erstad in left field . Pujols struck out swinging . Ludwick struck out swinging . Barton hit for Boggs . Barton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 1 - Astros 6 .	Sloppy play , Moehler doom Cards against Astros