Astros - Top 1st . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . Tejada grounded out to pitcher . Berkman popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Wolf pitching for Astros . Weeks walked . Hardy flied out to right . Braun singled to left , Weeks to third , Braun to second advancing on throw . Fielder hit sacrifice fly to center , Weeks scored . Hart grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Lee popped out to shortstop . Blum homered to right . Pence singled to left . Erstad grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Pence out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Wolf pitching for Astros . Hall walked . Kapler flied out to right . Rivera doubled to deep right center , Hall scored , Rivera thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Suppan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Ausmus singled to center . Wolf lined out to center . Matsui singled to right , Ausmus to second . Tejada grounded into double play , third to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Wolf pitching for Astros . Weeks fouled out to catcher . Hardy safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Tejada . Braun homered to right , Hardy scored . Fielder struck out swinging . Hart walked . Hall reached on infield single to pitcher , Hart to second . Hart stole third . Kapler struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 4th . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Berkman grounded out to shortstop . Lee struck out looking . Blum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Wolf pitching for Astros . Rivera grounded out to second . Suppan singled to center . Weeks popped out to second . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suppan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Pence walked . Erstad singled to deep right , Pence to third . Ausmus singled to right , Pence scored , Erstad to second . Wolf reached on bunt single to pitcher , Erstad to third , Ausmus to second . Matsui grounded out to first , Erstad scored , Ausmus to third , Wolf to second . Tejada safe at first on error by second baseman Weeks , Ausmus and Wolf scored . Berkman singled to right , Tejada to second . Lee flied out to center . Blum homered to right , Tejada and Berkman scored . Pence flied out to center . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Wolf pitching for Astros . Braun singled to left . Fielder lined out to third . Hart singled to left , Braun to second . Sampson pitching for Astros . Hall struck out swinging . Kapler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Braun out at third , Hart to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Erstad grounded out to second . Ausmus singled to right . Sampson sacrificed to catcher , Ausmus to second . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Sampson pitching for Astros . Rivera grounded out to third . Branyan hit for Suppan . Branyan singled to left . Weeks grounded out to third , Branyan to second . Hardy singled to center , Branyan scored . Braun flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . McClung pitching for Brewers . Tejada reached on infield single to catcher . Berkman singled to left , Tejada to second . Lee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Berkman out at second , Tejada to third . Blum grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Sampson pitching for Astros . Fielder flied out to right . Hart flied out to right . Hall struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . McClung pitching for Brewers . Pence doubled to deep center . Erstad reached on bunt single to pitcher , Pence to third . Ausmus singled to left , Pence scored , Erstad to second . Newhan hit for Sampson . Newhan walked , Erstad to third , Ausmus to second . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Erstad scored , Newhan out at second , Ausmus to third . Tejada hit sacrifice fly to center , Ausmus scored . Berkman walked , Matsui to second . Lee flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Paronto pitching for Astros . Kapler grounded out to third . Rivera grounded out to third . Durham hit for McClung . Durham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Shouse pitching for Brewers . Blum grounded out to shortstop . Pence lined out to second . Erstad struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Paronto pitching for Astros . Weeks tripled to deep left . Hardy grounded out to third , Weeks scored . Braun struck out swinging . Fielder popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 11 - Brewers 6 .	Blum 's two blasts power Astros past Brew Crew