Astros - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Erstad struck out swinging . Loretta struck out swinging . Tejada singled to left . Berkman safe at first on error by third baseman Hall , Tejada to second . Wigginton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Wolf pitching for Astros . Durham flied out to center . Hardy struck out looking . Braun walked . Fielder hit by pitch , Braun to second . Hart doubled to deep left , Braun scored , Fielder to third . Hall flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Blum flied out to left . Pence grounded out to third . Quintero doubled to deep center . Wolf struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Wolf pitching for Astros . Cameron struck out swinging . Kendall popped out to shortstop . Sabathia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Erstad struck out swinging . Loretta singled to center . Tejada flied out to center . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Loretta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Wolf pitching for Astros . Durham struck out swinging . Hardy lined out to shortstop . Braun struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Wigginton grounded out to third . Blum grounded out to third . Pence grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Wolf pitching for Astros . Fielder walked . Hart singled to center , Fielder to second . Hall flied out to center , Fielder to third , Hart to second . Cameron flied out to right . Kendall intentionally walked . Sabathia singled to left , Fielder and Hart scored , Kendall to second . Durham doubled to left , Kendall scored , Sabathia to third . Hardy singled to left , Sabathia and Durham scored . Braun grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hardy out at second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Quintero grounded out to third . Abercrombie hit for Wolf . Abercrombie homered to left . Erstad reached on infield single to shortstop . Loretta singled to center , Erstad to second . Tejada grounded out to second , Erstad to third , Loretta to second . Berkman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Sampson pitching for Astros . Fielder grounded out to first . Hart grounded out to third . Hall grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Wigginton homered to center . Blum walked . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blum out at second . Quintero struck out swinging . House hit for Sampson . House struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Brocail pitching for Astros . Cameron flied out to center . Kendall singled to center . Sabathia singled to right , Kendall to second . Durham singled to shallow right , Kendall scored , Sabathia to second . Hardy struck out swinging , Sabathia to third , Durham to second on passed ball . Braun struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Kapler in left field . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Erstad reached on infield single to second . Loretta popped out to second . Tejada grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Erstad out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Wright pitching for Astros . Fielder struck out swinging . Hart homered to left . Hall struck out swinging . Cameron struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Berkman struck out swinging . Wigginton grounded out to third . Blum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Geary pitching for Astros . Kendall singled to right . Sabathia sacrificed to pitcher , Kendall to second . Durham doubled to right , Kendall scored . Hardy grounded out to pitcher . Kapler grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Pence flied out to left . Quintero singled to right . Ausmus hit for Geary . Ausmus safe at first on error by shortstop Hardy , Quintero to second . Erstad reached on infield single to second , Quintero to third , Ausmus to second . Loretta hit sacrifice fly to right , Quintero scored , Ausmus to third . Erstad to second on fielder 's indifference . Tejada walked . Berkman grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 3 - Brewers 9 .	CC 's complete game lifts Brewers