Rangers - Top 1st. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Choo walked. Andrus sacrificed to pitcher, Choo to second. Fielder flied out to center, Choo to third. Beltre flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Gomes walked. Pedroia grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gomes out at second. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Rios grounded out to third. Murphy popped out to second. Choice struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Napoli singled to center. Sizemore singled to center, Napoli to second. Bogaerts lined out to right, Napoli to third. Pierzynski grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Sizemore out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Chirinos homered to left (405 feet). Wilson grounded out to third. Choo singled to left. Andrus struck out looking. Fielder doubled to right, Choo scored, Fielder to third advancing on throw. Beltre singled to left center, Fielder scored. Rios singled to left, Beltre to second. Murphy doubled to center, Beltre scored, Rios to third. Choice walked. Chirinos walked, Rios scored, Murphy to third, Choice to second. Badenhop pitching for Red Sox. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chirinos out at second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Roberts walked. Bradley Jr. grounded into double play, third to second to first, Roberts out at second. Gomes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Badenhop pitching for Red Sox. Choo walked. Andrus singled to left, Choo to second. Fielder singled to right, Choo scored, Andrus to third. Beltre doubled to deep center, Andrus scored, Fielder to third. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Murphy hit sacrifice fly to right, Fielder scored. Choice grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Pedroia doubled to left. Ortiz flied out to center, Pedroia to third. Napoli singled to center, Pedroia scored. Sizemore grounded into fielder's choice to second, Napoli out at second. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sizemore out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Badenhop pitching for Red Sox. Chirinos doubled to left. Wilson sacrificed to third, Chirinos to third. Choo doubled to right, Chirinos scored. Andrus grounded out to shortstop, Choo to third. Fielder grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Pierzynski singled to center. Roberts grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pierzynski out at second. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Adduci hit for Beltre. Adduci grounded out to first. Rios lined out to left. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Gomes walked. Pedroia grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gomes out at second. Ortiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Choice grounded out to second. Chirinos flied out to left. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Napoli singled to right. Sizemore singled to right, Napoli to second. Bogaerts flied out to center, Napoli to third. Sizemore to second on wild pitch by Perez. Pierzynski reached on infield single to second, Napoli scored, Sizemore to third. Frasor pitching for Rangers. Roberts walked, Pierzynski to second. Bradley Jr. doubled to left, Sizemore and Pierzynski scored, Roberts to third. Gomes struck out swinging. Pedroia grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Choo grounded out to second. Andrus struck out swinging. Fielder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Cotts pitching for Rangers. Ortiz struck out swinging. Napoli struck out swinging. Sizemore doubled to deep right. Bogaerts flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Adduci doubled to left. Rios reached on infield single to second, Adduci to third. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rios out at second. Choice hit sacrifice fly to center, Adduci scored. Chirinos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Murphy out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Soria pitching for Rangers. Pierzynski singled to center. Roberts struck out swinging. Bradley Jr. singled to right, Pierzynski to second. Gomes singled to center, Pierzynski scored, Bradley Jr. to second. Pedroia struck out swinging. Ortiz doubled to deep center, Bradley Jr. and Gomes scored. Napoli struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 10 - Red Sox 7.	Rangers top Red Sox with big 3rd