Yankees - Top 1st. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Ellsbury struck out looking. Jeter grounded out to pitcher. Beltran safe at first on error by shortstop Bogaerts. Soriano doubled to deep right center, Beltran scored. Soriano to third on passed ball by Ross. Teixeira walked. McCann lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Victorino struck out swinging. Ortiz hit by pitch. Napoli grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Gardner walked. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gardner safe at second on error by second baseman Pedroia. Gardner to third, Roberts to second on wild pitch by Doubront. Solarte doubled to left, Gardner and Roberts scored. Ellsbury grounded out to second, Solarte to third. Jeter reached on infield single to third. Solarte scored, Jeter to second on wild pitch by Doubront. Beltran grounded out to third, Jeter to third. Soriano lined out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Gomes walked. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gomes out at second. Holt walked, Bogaerts to second. Ross lined out to third. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Teixeira homered to left (344 feet). McCann grounded out to second. Gardner safe at first on error by pitcher Doubront. Gardner stole second. Gardner stole third. Roberts singled to center, Gardner scored. Solarte fouled out to third. Roberts stole second. Ellsbury doubled to center, Roberts scored. Badenhop pitching for Red Sox. Jeter struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Pedroia walked. Victorino doubled to left, Pedroia to third. Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to center, Pedroia scored. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. Gomes doubled to deep left center, Victorino scored. Gomes to third on wild pitch by Sabathia. Bogaerts grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Badenhop pitching for Red Sox. Beltran lined out to third. Soriano doubled to left. Teixeira flied out to center. McCann intentionally walked. Gardner lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Holt grounded out to second. Ross struck out looking. Bradley Jr. hit by pitch. Pedroia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Badenhop pitching for Red Sox. Roberts grounded out to second. Solarte grounded out to pitcher. Ellsbury grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Victorino flied out to left. Ortiz struck out swinging. Napoli struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Badenhop pitching for Red Sox. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Beltran doubled to left. Soriano flied out to right. Teixeira grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Gomes struck out looking. Bogaerts reached on infield single to third. Holt struck out looking. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bogaerts out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox. McCann singled to left. Gardner walked, McCann to second. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCann safe at third on error by third baseman Holt, Gardner to second. Solarte singled to right, McCann and Gardner scored, Roberts to third. Ellsbury hit ground rule double to deep right, Roberts scored, Solarte to third. Jeter singled to center, Solarte and Ellsbury scored. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jeter out at second. Soriano walked, Beltran to second. Teixeira walked, Beltran to third, Soriano to second. Mujica pitching for Red Sox. McCann fouled out to third. Gardner grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Greene pitching for Yankees. Bradley Jr. walked. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to left, Bradley Jr. safe at third on error by shortstop Jeter. Bradley Jr. scored, Pedroia to second on passed ball by McCann. Victorino struck out swinging. Herrera hit for Ortiz. Herrera walked. Napoli walked, Pedroia to third, Herrera to second. Gomes hit sacrifice fly to right, Pedroia scored, Herrera to third. Warren pitching for Yankees. Bogaerts doubled to deep center, Herrera scored, Napoli to third. Holt lined out to right. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 8th. Mujica pitching for Red Sox. Roberts singled to right. Solarte flied out to center. Ellsbury doubled to left, Roberts to third. Roberts scored, Ellsbury to third on wild pitch by Mujica. Jeter walked. Beltran fouled out to catcher. Soriano grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Suzuki in right field. Warren pitching for Yankees. Ross lined out to right. Bradley Jr. struck out looking. Pedroia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Carp pitching for Red Sox. Herrera at second base. Teixeira walked. McCann grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Teixeira out at second. Gardner walked. Roberts walked, Gardner to second. Solarte walked, Gardner to third, Roberts to second. Ellsbury walked, Gardner scored, Roberts to third, Solarte to second. Johnson hit for Jeter. Johnson fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Johnson at third base. Murphy catching. McCann at first base. Solarte at shortstop. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Victorino grounded out to third. Herrera flied out to center. Napoli grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 14 - Red Sox 5.	Yanks bounce back, batter Sox