Angels - Top 1st. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Calhoun struck out looking. Trout struck out swinging. Pujols lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Richards pitching for Angels. Holt lined out to center. Pedroia singled to left center. Ortiz singled to right, Pedroia to third. Cespedes hit sacrifice fly to right, Pedroia scored. Nava singled to right, Ortiz to second. Nava caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Johnson batting. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Hamilton lined out to first. Kendrick flied out to right. Freese singled to center. Aybar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Richards pitching for Angels. Johnson singled to center. Bogaerts walked, Johnson to second. Betts fouled out to first. Ross singled to left center, Johnson scored, Bogaerts to second. Holt grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ross out at second, Bogaerts to third. Rasmus pitching for Angels. Pedroia struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Iannetta struck out swinging. Navarro grounded out to second. Calhoun lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Rasmus pitching for Angels. Ortiz homered to right (401 feet). Cespedes grounded out to second. Nava safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Nava out at second. Bogaerts flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 4th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Trout flied out to center. Pujols lined out to left. Hamilton doubled to deep left center. Kendrick singled to center, Hamilton scored. Freese lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Rasmus pitching for Angels. Betts flied out to center. Ross lined out to shortstop. Holt lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Aybar singled to center. Iannetta walked, Aybar to second. Navarro singled to right, Aybar to third, Iannetta to second. Calhoun walked, Aybar scored, Iannetta to third, Navarro to second. Trout hit into fielder's choice to right, Iannetta scored, Calhoun out at second, Navarro to third. Pujols singled to right, Navarro scored, Trout to third, Pujols to second advancing on throw. Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to center, Trout scored, Pujols to third. Kendrick singled to right, Pujols scored. Kendrick stole second. Freese grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Morin pitching for Angels. Pedroia struck out swinging. Ortiz singled to deep left. Cespedes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ortiz out at second. Nava walked, Cespedes to second. Johnson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Aybar grounded out to first. Iannetta struck out swinging. Navarro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Salas pitching for Angels. Cowgill in left field. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Betts singled to center. Betts to second on wild pitch by Salas. Ross fouled out to first. Holt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Badenhop pitching for Red Sox. Calhoun doubled to deep right. Trout grounded out to second, Calhoun to third. Pujols walked. Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to right, Calhoun scored. Kendrick flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz singled to left. Cespedes doubled to deep right, Ortiz to third. Nava flied out to left. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Mujica pitching for Red Sox. Freese struck out swinging. Aybar popped out to shortstop. Iannetta struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Angels. McDonald at third base. Bogaerts reached on infield single to third, Bogaerts to second on throwing error by third baseman McDonald. Betts grounded out to second, Bogaerts to third. Ross lined out to first. Holt flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 9th. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Cowgill singled to right. Cowgill to second on wild pitch by Breslow. Calhoun lined out to center. Trout struck out swinging. Pujols reached on infield single to pitcher, Cowgill to third. Hamilton singled to center, Cowgill scored, Pujols to second. Kendrick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Street pitching for Angels. Pedroia flied out to right. Hassan hit for Ortiz. Hassan grounded out to pitcher. Cespedes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 8 - Red Sox 3.	Hamilton has 3 RBIs as Angels drub Red Sox