Red Sox - Top 1st. Hendriks pitching for Royals. Betts popped out to first. Bogaerts flied out to center. Ortiz singled to left. Cespedes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ortiz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Aoki doubled to deep right. Infante sacrificed to first, Aoki to third. Gordon struck out swinging. Willingham walked. Hosmer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Hendriks pitching for Royals. Napoli grounded out to second. Middlebrooks doubled to left. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. Vazquez safe at first on error by first baseman Hosmer, Middlebrooks scored. Weeks lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Perez grounded out to third. Moustakas struck out swinging. Cain doubled to deep center. Escobar singled to right, Cain scored. Escobar stole second. Aoki reached on infield single to first, Escobar scored on throwing error by first baseman Napoli. Infante flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Hendriks pitching for Royals. Betts singled to left. Bogaerts walked, Betts to second. Ortiz flied out to left, Betts to third. Cespedes hit by pitch, Bogaerts to second. Napoli walked, Betts scored, Bogaerts to third, Cespedes to second. Middlebrooks singled to left center, Bogaerts scored, Cespedes to third, Napoli to second. Coleman pitching for Royals. Bradley Jr. grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Middlebrooks out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Vazquez safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar. Weeks struck out swinging. Betts reached on infield single to third, Vazquez to second, Vazquez to third on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vazquez out at home, Betts to second. Ortiz singled to center, Betts scored, Bogaerts to second. Cespedes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ortiz out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Perez struck out swinging. Moustakas lined out to third. Cain struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. Middlebrooks lined out to center. Bradley Jr. struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Aoki walked. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aoki out at second. Gordon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Vazquez grounded out to shortstop. Weeks lined out to left. Betts grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Willingham hit by pitch. Hosmer flied out to right. Perez flied out to center. Moustakas singled to left center, Willingham to second. Cain singled to left, Willingham scored, Moustakas to second. Escobar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Bogaerts grounded out to third. Finnegan pitching for Royals. Ortiz grounded out to first. Cespedes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Aoki lined out to right. Infante walked. Layne pitching for Red Sox. Gordon struck out swinging. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Infante out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Crow pitching for Royals. Napoli popped out to second. Middlebrooks walked. Bradley Jr. flied out to left. Vazquez walked, Middlebrooks to second. Weeks doubled to right, Middlebrooks and Vazquez scored. Weeks stole third. Betts grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Hosmer flied out to left. Perez flied out to left. Moustakas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Bueno pitching for Royals. Bogaerts singled to center. Ortiz grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Bogaerts out at second. Cespedes tripled to deep right center. Napoli intentionally walked. Middlebrooks grounded into fielder's choice to third, Napoli out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Mujica pitching for Red Sox. Cain grounded out to first. Escobar lined out to center. Aoki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 6 - Royals 3.	Red Sox down error-prone Royals