Phillies - Top 1st . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Hernández flied out to left . Santana walked . Herrera struck out swinging . Santana to second on wild pitch by Foltynewicz . Hoskins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Inciarte singled to shallow left . Albies flied out to center . Freeman hit by pitch , Inciarte to second . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Freeman out at second , Inciarte to third . Tucker singled to right , Inciarte scored , Markakis to third . Tucker to second on wild pitch by Pivetta . Swanson lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Williams walked . Franco singled to left , Williams to second . Knapp struck out swinging . Pivetta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Franco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Flaherty grounded out to second . Pérez popped out to shortstop . Foltynewicz grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Crawford flied out to right . Hernández singled to right . Santana walked , Hernández to second . Herrera singled to shallow right center , Hernández scored , Santana to third . Hoskins grounded into double play , third to second to first , Herrera out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Inciarte singled to right . Albies struck out swinging . Freeman flied out to center , Inciarte to second . Markakis fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Williams grounded out to pitcher . Franco lined out to center . Knapp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Tucker flied out to left . Swanson safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Franco . Flaherty reached on infield single to shortstop . Pérez grounded out to second , Swanson to third , Flaherty to second . Foltynewicz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 5th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Pivetta singled to left . Crawford struck out swinging . Hernández walked , Pivetta to second . Santana grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Hernández out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Inciarte singled to right . Albies grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Inciarte out at second . Freeman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Herrera struck out looking . Hoskins struck out swinging . Williams struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Milner pitching for Phillies . Markakis flied out to right . Tucker lined out to center . Florimón in right field . Rios pitching for Phillies . Swanson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Moylan pitching for Braves . Franco grounded out to second . Knapp singled to left . Bourjos in left field . Freeman pitching for Braves . Florimón walked , Knapp to second . Kingery hit for Crawford . Kingery grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Florimón out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Kingery at shortstop . Rios pitching for Phillies . Flaherty lined out to left . Pérez singled to center . Bourjos walked , Pérez to second . Altherr in right field . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Inciarte grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bourjos out at second , Pérez to third . Albies lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Freeman pitching for Braves . Hernández walked . Santana struck out looking . Herrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hernández out at second . Winkler pitching for Braves . Hoskins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Freeman struck out swinging . Markakis walked . Adams hit for Winkler . Adams flied out to right . García pitching for Phillies . Swanson singled to left , Markakis to second . Markakis to third , Swanson to second on wild pitch by García . Flaherty intentionally walked . Suzuki hit for Pérez . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Suzuki catching . Vizcaíno pitching for Braves . Altherr walked . Franco flied out to center . Knapp grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Altherr out at second . Alfaro hit for García . Alfaro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Bourjos struck out swinging . Inciarte grounded out to second . Albies walked . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 10th . Ramírez pitching for Braves . Kingery walked . Kingery stole second . Hernández reached on bunt single to third , Kingery to third . Santana struck out swinging . Herrera fouled out to third . Hernández stole second . Hoskins doubled to deep right , Kingery and Hernández scored . Altherr walked . Franco doubled to deep center , Hoskins and Altherr scored . Knapp intentionally walked . Lively hit for Neris . Lively struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 10th . Hutchison pitching for Phillies . Markakis grounded out to first . Culberson hit for Ramírez . Culberson struck out swinging . Swanson singled to center . Swanson to second on fielder 's indifference . Flaherty grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 5 - Braves 1 .	Phillies score 4 runs in 10th , beat Braves 5 - 1