Padres - Top 1st . McCarthy pitching for Braves . Jankowski doubled to left . Hosmer struck out swinging . Pirela homered to center ( 415 feet ) , Jankowski scored . Renfroe struck out swinging . Villanueva grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Albies fouled out to first . Swanson flied out to center . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . McCarthy pitching for Braves . Galvis singled to center . Margot singled to left , Galvis to second . Lopez singled to right , Galvis to third , Margot to second . Richard struck out swinging . Jankowski grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lopez out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Markakis grounded out to second . Suzuki singled to left . Culberson singled to right , Suzuki to second . Inciarte grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki to third , Culberson safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Pirela . Camargo singled to right , Suzuki and Culberson scored , Inciarte to third . McCarthy struck out bunting foul . Albies grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Camargo out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Braves . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop . Pirela popped out to first . Renfroe walked . Villanueva flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Swanson tripled to deep right . Freeman walked . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Swanson out at home , Freeman to third , Markakis to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Freeman out at home , Markakis to third . Culberson walked , Suzuki to second . Inciarte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . McCarthy pitching for Braves . Galvis singled to center . Margot singled to right , Galvis to second . Lopez struck out swinging . Richard bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Galvis out at third , Margot to second . Margot out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Jankowski batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Camargo grounded out to third . McCarthy struck out looking . Albies struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . McCarthy pitching for Braves . Jankowski grounded out to second . Hosmer popped out to second . Pirela grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Swanson lined out to left . Freeman homered to left center ( 390 feet ) . Markakis reached on infield single to shortstop . Suzuki fouled out to catcher . Culberson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . McCarthy pitching for Braves . Renfroe flied out to left . Villanueva grounded out to shortstop . Galvis doubled to deep right . Carle pitching for Braves . Margot walked . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Richard pitching for Padres . Inciarte grounded out to second . Camargo flied out to center . Bourjos hit for Carle . Bourjos grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Freeman pitching for Braves . Reyes hit for Richard . Reyes singled to left center . Spangenberg ran for Reyes . Jankowski walked , Spangenberg to second . Hosmer reached on infield single to pitcher , Spangenberg to third , Jankowski to second . Pirela grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Spangenberg out at home , Jankowski to third , Hosmer to second . Renfroe singled to center , Jankowski and Hosmer scored . Moylan pitching for Braves . Villanueva walked , Renfroe to second . Galvis homered to center ( 411 feet ) , Renfroe and Villanueva scored . Margot grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Spangenberg at third base . Stammen pitching for Padres . Albies struck out swinging . Swanson struck out swinging . Freeman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Gohara pitching for Braves . Lopez flied out to center . Spangenberg lined out to left . Jankowski grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Castillo pitching for Padres . Markakis walked . Suzuki struck out swinging . Culberson popped out to second . Inciarte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Gohara pitching for Braves . Hosmer flied out to center . Pirela walked . Renfroe singled to center , Pirela to third . Castillo grounded out to shortstop , Renfroe to second , Pirela scored . Galvis singled to left , Renfroe scored , Galvis out stretching at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Castillo pitching for Padres . Camargo flied out to right . Flowers hit for Gohara . Flowers struck out swinging . Albies grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 9 - Braves 3 .	Renfroe hits go - ahead 2 - run single as Padres beat Braves