Marlins - Top 1st . Allard pitching for Braves . Castro singled to center . Anderson singled to deep center , Castro to second . Realmuto fouled out to third . Prado grounded into double play , third to second to first , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Straily pitching for Marlins . Acuña Jr. homered to left ( 378 feet ) . Albies grounded out to first . Freeman singled to center . Markakis singled to right center , Freeman to third . Suzuki grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Markakis out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Allard pitching for Braves . Dietrich grounded out to third . Rojas grounded out to second . Riddle flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Straily pitching for Marlins . Camargo struck out swinging . Inciarte singled to center . Swanson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Inciarte out at second . Allard singled to right center , Swanson to third . Acuña Jr. struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Allard pitching for Braves . Sierra singled to right . Straily sacrificed to catcher , Sierra to second . Castro grounded out to second , Sierra to third . Anderson walked . Realmuto walked , Anderson to second . Prado grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Straily pitching for Marlins . Albies struck out swinging . Freeman singled to right . Markakis homered to right ( 377 feet ) , Freeman scored . Suzuki fouled out to first . Camargo flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Allard pitching for Braves . Dietrich hit by pitch . Rojas grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Dietrich safe at second on error by second baseman Albies . Riddle singled to right , Dietrich scored , Rojas to third , Riddle out stretching at second . Sierra doubled to left , Rojas scored . Straily struck out swinging . Castro flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 4th . Straily pitching for Marlins . Inciarte doubled to shallow right . Swanson doubled to deep right center , Inciarte scored . Allard sacrificed to catcher , Swanson to third , Allard safe at first on error by first baseman Rojas . Swanson to third on error by first baseman Rojas . Acuña Jr. struck out looking . Albies singled to left , Swanson scored , Allard to second . Freeman flied out to center . Markakis walked , Allard to third , Albies to second . Suzuki doubled to left , Allard , Albies and Markakis scored . Guerra pitching for Marlins . Camargo grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 5th . Allard pitching for Braves . Anderson flied out to right . Realmuto homered to left center ( 434 feet ) . Prado lined out to right . Dietrich flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Guerra pitching for Marlins . Inciarte struck out swinging . Swanson reached on infield single to second . Allard sacrificed to pitcher , Swanson to second . Acuña Jr. singled to center , Swanson scored . Albies singled to center , Acuña Jr. to third . Freeman grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Allard pitching for Braves . Rojas singled to center . Riddle singled to center , Rojas to second . Sierra singled to right , Rojas scored , Riddle to third . Rivera hit for Guerra . Jackson pitching for Braves . Bour hit for Rivera . Bour hit sacrifice fly to right , Riddle scored . Castro grounded out to second , Sierra to second . Anderson grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Rojas at second base . Bour at first base . Guerrero pitching for Marlins . Markakis grounded out to second . Suzuki popped out to second . Camargo homered to right center ( 410 feet ) . Inciarte singled to center . Swanson fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Jackson pitching for Braves . Realmuto grounded out to third . Prado struck out swinging . Dietrich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Galloway in left field . Graves pitching for Marlins . Jackson walked . Acuña Jr. singled to shallow right center , Jackson to second . Albies grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Acuña Jr. out at second , Jackson to third . Freeman singled to center , Jackson scored . Markakis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Jackson pitching for Braves . Rojas grounded out to third . Riddle struck out looking . Sierra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Graves pitching for Marlins . Suzuki lined out to center . Camargo walked . Inciarte singled to left , Camargo to second . Swanson grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Inciarte out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Winkler pitching for Braves . Bour popped out to shortstop . Galloway reached on infield single to shortstop . Anderson doubled to center , Galloway scored . Realmuto grounded out to third . Prado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 6 - Braves 11 .	Braves support Allard 's debut with 19 hits , top Marlins 11 - 6