Nationals - Top 1st . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Soriano singled to left . Soriano caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Vidro lined out to left . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . O'Connor pitching for Nationals . Eckstein walked . Luna flied out to right . Pujols flied out to center . Encarnacion safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman , Eckstein to second . Edmonds homered to right , Eckstein and Encarnacion scored . Spiezio tripled to deep left . Molina popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Guillen flied out to center . Church struck out looking . Zimmerman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . O'Connor pitching for Nationals . Taguchi flied out to center . Ponson walked . Eckstein singled to center , Ponson to second . Luna flied out to left . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Eckstein out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Schneider grounded out to second . Clayton grounded out to shortstop . O'Connor grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . O'Connor pitching for Nationals . Encarnacion flied out to left . Edmonds struck out looking . Spiezio walked . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Spiezio out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Soriano singled to left . Vidro grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Soriano out at second . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . O'Connor pitching for Nationals . Taguchi walked . Ponson sacrificed to catcher , Taguchi to second . Eckstein popped out to second . Luna grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Guillen flied out to center . Church doubled to deep center . Zimmerman fouled out to third . Schneider grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . O'Connor pitching for Nationals . Pujols flied out to center . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Edmonds grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Anderson hit for O'Connor . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Clayton walked . Anderson struck out looking . Soriano struck out swinging . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Vidro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Spiezio grounded out to first . Molina struck out swinging . Taguchi singled to center . Ponson singled to center , Taguchi to second . Eckstein flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Johnson doubled to right . Guillen flied out to left . Church flied out to center . Zimmerman walked . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Schneider doubled to deep right , Johnson and Zimmerman scored . Byrd hit for Bergmann . Clayton reached on infield single to second , Schneider to third . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Clayton out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Luna walked . Pujols walked , Luna to second . Encarnacion bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Luna out at third , Pujols to second . Edmonds fouled out to third . Spiezio doubled to deep center , Pujols and Encarnacion scored . Molina struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . Vidro grounded out to second . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Rodriguez hit for Thompson . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Taguchi doubled to right . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Rodriguez doubled to deep center , Taguchi to third . Miles hit for Luna . Eckstein hit by pitch . Miles hit sacrifice fly to center , Taguchi scored . Pujols walked , Rodriguez to third , Eckstein to second . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Encarnacion hit into fielder 's choice to right , Rodriguez out at home , Eckstein to third , Pujols to second . Miles at second base . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Edmonds flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Church grounded out to second . Zimmerman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 2 - Cardinals 6 .	Ponson improves to 3 - 0 as Cards beat Nationals