Cardinals - Top 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Eckstein singled to center . Luna grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Eckstein out at second . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez singled to left , Ramirez to second on error by left fielder Taguchi . Uggla lined out to center . Cabrera walked . Willingham grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Encarnacion grounded out to pitcher . Rolen singled to center . Edmonds doubled to left , Rolen to third . Taguchi struck out swinging . Molina intentionally walked . Rolen scored , Edmonds to third , Molina to second on passed ball by Olivo . Mulder struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Borchard walked . Olivo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Borchard out at second . Olivo stole second . Jacobs grounded out to first , Olivo to third . Abercrombie grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Eckstein flied out to right . Luna singled to left center . Pujols flied out to left . Encarnacion grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Willis flied out to left . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Uggla lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Rolen singled to right . Edmonds singled to left center , Rolen to third . Taguchi safe at first on error by third baseman Cabrera , Rolen scored , Edmonds to second . Molina lined out to shortstop . Mulder struck out bunting foul . Eckstein lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera grounded out to second . Willingham walked . Borchard reached on infield single to third , Willingham to second . Olivo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Borchard out at second , Willingham to third . Jacobs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Luna doubled to right . Pujols singled to left center , Luna to third . Encarnacion tripled to deep right center , Luna and Pujols scored . Rolen lined out to third . Edmonds hit sacrifice fly to left , Encarnacion scored . Taguchi singled to left . Molina doubled to right center , Taguchi scored . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Helms at first base . Mulder doubled to deep center , Molina scored . Eckstein singled to right , Mulder to third . Luna grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Abercrombie doubled to left . Helms grounded out to third . Abercrombie to third on wild pitch by Mulder . Ramirez doubled to left , Abercrombie scored . Uggla singled to right , Ramirez to third . Cabrera doubled to deep center , Ramirez and Uggla scored . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . Borchard grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Pujols struck out swinging . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Rolen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Aguila hit for Vargas . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Olivo grounded out to pitcher . Aguila grounded out to shortstop . German pitching for Marlins . Abercrombie grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . German pitching for Marlins . Edmonds walked . Taguchi sacrificed to pitcher , Edmonds to second . Rodriguez hit for Mulder . Molina grounded out to third . Rodriguez walked . Eckstein walked , Edmonds to third , Rodriguez to second . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Luna flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Helms doubled to left . Ramirez flied out to center . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . German pitching for Marlins . Pujols flied out to left . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Rolen singled to left . Edmonds walked , Rolen to second . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Willingham homered to left . Borchard struck out swinging . Amezaga hit for German . Olivo singled to left . Amezaga grounded out to pitcher , Olivo to second . Abercrombie walked . Luna in left field . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Miles at second base . Helms walked , Olivo to third , Abercrombie to second . Reed ran for Helms . Ramirez singled to left , Olivo and Abercrombie scored , Reed to second . Amezaga at first base . Herges pitching for Marlins . Uggla struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Herges pitching for Marlins . Molina grounded out to pitcher . Miles grounded out to pitcher . Eckstein flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera singled to center . Willingham flied out to center . Borchard grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Marlins 6 .	Cards tee off on Willis , give Mulder 100th win