Cardinals - Top 1st . Redman pitching for Royals . Eckstein grounded out to second . Spiezio lined out to second . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Costa struck out looking . Grudzielanek grounded out to first . Mientkiewicz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Redman pitching for Royals . Rolen walked . Encarnacion flied out to center . Edmonds grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rolen out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Sanders hit by pitch . Stairs doubled to deep left , Sanders to third . Brown walked . Graffanino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanders scored , Brown out at second , Stairs to third . Berroa grounded out to third , Stairs scored , Graffanino to second . Buck singled to right , Graffanino scored . Costa struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Redman pitching for Royals . Taguchi grounded out to second . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Luna singled to center . Eckstein grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Luna out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz singled to center . Sanders homered to left center , Mientkiewicz scored . Stairs walked . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Stairs out at second . Graffanino singled to right , Brown to second . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Graffanino out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Redman pitching for Royals . Spiezio reached on bunt single to third . Pujols homered to center , Spiezio scored . Rolen singled to left . Encarnacion doubled to left , Rolen to third . Edmonds struck out swinging . Rolen scored , Encarnacion to third on wild pitch by Redman . Taguchi grounded out to shortstop , Encarnacion scored . Molina walked . Luna flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Buck grounded out to shortstop . Costa singled to center . Grudzielanek grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Costa out at second . Mientkiewicz walked , Grudzielanek to second . Sanders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Redman pitching for Royals . Eckstein singled to left . Eckstein to second on wild pitch by Redman . Spiezio singled to left , Eckstein scored . Peralta pitching for Royals . Pujols singled to left , Spiezio to third . Rolen doubled to deep left , Spiezio and Pujols scored . Encarnacion tripled to deep center , Rolen scored . Edmonds grounded out to first . Taguchi sacrificed to pitcher , Encarnacion scored . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Stairs grounded out to shortstop . Brown singled to left . Graffanino struck out looking . Berroa lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Luna flied out to center . Eckstein grounded out to second . Spiezio singled to right . Pujols flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Buck struck out swinging . Costa doubled to deep right . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz doubled to deep right , Costa scored . Sanders struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Rolen struck out swinging . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Edmonds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Stairs grounded out to second . Brown walked . Graffanino grounded out to first , Brown to second . Nelson pitching for Royals . Berroa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Nelson pitching for Royals . Taguchi safe at first on error by shortstop Berroa . Molina fouled out to first . Luna singled to right , Taguchi to second . Eckstein lined out to center . Spiezio walked , Taguchi to third , Luna to second . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Spiezio out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Buck grounded out to third . Costa struck out swinging . Wood pitching for Royals . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Wood pitching for Royals . Rolen hit by pitch . Encarnacion lined out to center . Edmonds grounded into double play , to first , Rolen out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first . Sanders popped out to second . Stairs grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 9 - Royals 6 .	Pujols ' two - run shot helps Cards erase 5 - run deficit