Cardinals - Top 1st . Wright pitching for Giants . Eckstein hit by pitch . Bigbie grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Eckstein out at second . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Winn grounded out to third . Vizquel grounded out to pitcher . Feliz walked . Bonds singled to right , Feliz to second . Durham walked , Feliz to third , Bonds to second . Finley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Wright pitching for Giants . Rolen doubled to left . Edmonds grounded out to second , Rolen to third . Encarnacion grounded out to third , Rolen scored . Molina grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Matheny reached on infield single to shortstop , Matheny to second on throwing error by shortstop Eckstein . Vizcaino grounded out to third . Wright flied out to center . Winn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Wright pitching for Giants . Miles grounded out to first . Mulder struck out swinging . Eckstein grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Vizquel reached on infield single to shortstop . Vizquel to second on wild pitch by Mulder . Feliz grounded out to shortstop , Vizquel to third . Bonds grounded out to first , Vizquel scored . Durham grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Wright pitching for Giants . Bigbie reached on infield single to third , Bigbie to second on throwing error by third baseman Feliz . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Rolen grounded out to shortstop , Bigbie to third . Edmonds walked . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 4th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Finley grounded out to first . Matheny grounded out to shortstop . Vizcaino grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Wright pitching for Giants . Molina grounded out to third . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Mulder lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Wright doubled to left . Winn doubled to right , Wright scored . Vizquel sacrificed to catcher , Winn to third . Feliz grounded out to shortstop , Winn scored . Bonds flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Wright pitching for Giants . Eckstein singled to center . Bigbie struck out swinging . Eckstein caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Pujols doubled to left center . Rolen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Durham walked . Finley flied out to right . Matheny lined out to center . Vizcaino safe at first on error by second baseman Miles , Durham to second . Wright flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 7th . Wright pitching for Giants . Edmonds struck out swinging . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Molina singled to center . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Winn struck out swinging . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Spiezio at second base . Vizquel walked . Feliz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vizquel out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Wright pitching for Giants . Spiezio reached on infield single to second . Eckstein lined into double play , to first , Spiezio doubled off first . Bigbie walked . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Ellison ran for Bonds . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Bonds walked . Durham singled to right center , Ellison to third . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Finley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ellison scored , Durham to second . Matheny sacrificed to first , Durham to third , Finley to second . Sweeney hit for Wright . Vizcaino walked . Sweeney singled to deep right , Durham and Finley scored , Vizcaino to third . Winn hit sacrifice fly to left , Vizcaino scored , Sweeney to second . Vizquel homered to right , Sweeney scored . Ellison in left field . Benitez pitching for Giants . Duncan hit for Rolen . Feliz lined out to second . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Benitez pitching for Giants . Duncan flied out to right . Edmonds singled to center . Encarnacion walked , Edmonds to second . Rodriguez hit for Looper . Molina singled to left , Edmonds scored , Encarnacion to second . Rodriguez popped out to shortstop . Spiezio grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 2 - Giants 9 .	Bonds , Pujols homerless ; Giants win sixth of seven