Cardinals - Top 1st . Lowry pitching for Giants . Eckstein walked . Spiezio flied out to center . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eckstein out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Winn singled to left center . Vizquel tripled to right , Winn scored . Finley grounded out to pitcher . Feliz popped out to second . Sweeney doubled to left , Vizquel scored . Durham grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Lowry pitching for Giants . Rolen walked . Encarnacion walked , Rolen to second . Luna singled to right , Rolen to third , Encarnacion to second . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rolen scored , Luna out at second , Encarnacion to third . Taguchi popped out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Greene singled to center . Ortmeier popped out to shortstop . Lowry grounded out to shortstop , Greene to second . Marquis hit for Thompson . Winn lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Lowry pitching for Giants . Marquis tripled to deep right center . Eckstein singled to left , Marquis scored . Spiezio singled to center , Eckstein to second . Pujols singled to deep right , Eckstein to third , Spiezio to second . Rolen flied out to center . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Encarnacion grounded into double play , third to first , Spiezio out at third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Vizquel singled to center . Finley walked , Vizquel to second . Vizquel stole third . Feliz walked , Finley to second . Sweeney struck out looking . Durham grounded into double play , third to second to first , Feliz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Luna flied out to right . Molina lined out to left . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Greene doubled to left . Ortmeier safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols , Greene scored . Lowry bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ortmeier out at second . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lowry out at second . Vizquel singled to center , Winn to third . Finley doubled to second , Winn scored , Vizquel to third , Vizquel thrown out at home attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Wainwright homered to left . Eckstein grounded out to third . Spiezio flied out to right . Pujols singled to right . Rolen struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Feliz popped out to second . Sweeney popped out to shortstop . Durham flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Encarnacion singled to center . Luna singled to left , Encarnacion to second . Molina singled to left , Encarnacion scored , Luna to third . Taguchi hit sacrifice fly to left , Luna scored , Molina to second . Wainwright grounded out to third . Eckstein popped out to third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Greene flied out to right . Ortmeier struck out swinging . Munter pitching for Giants . Lowry grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Munter pitching for Giants . Spiezio reached on infield single to first . Pujols lined out to second . Rolen walked , Spiezio to second . Encarnacion singled to right , Spiezio scored , Rolen to third . Luna walked , Encarnacion to second . Kline pitching for Giants . Molina walked , Rolen scored , Encarnacion to third , Luna to second . Duncan hit for Wainwright . Taguchi reached on infield single to shortstop , Encarnacion scored , Luna to third , Molina to second . Duncan grounded out to second , Luna scored , Molina to third , Taguchi to second . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Eckstein grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Winn struck out swinging . Vizquel walked . Winn in center field . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Ellison in left field . Finley grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Vizquel out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Spiezio grounded out to first . Pujols walked . Rolen flied out to left . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Feliz singled to left . Sweeney hit by pitch , Feliz to second . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Durham grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Sweeney out at second , Feliz to third . Greene grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Luna grounded out to shortstop . Molina flied out to center . Taguchi homered to left . Looper doubled to deep right . Eckstein grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Ortmeier flied out to center . Ellison grounded out to third . Winn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 10 - Giants 4 .	Cards pitchers fall single short of cycle in win vs. Giants