Cubs - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Pierre flied out to center . Womack walked . Womack stole second , Womack safe at third on throwing error by catcher Bennett . Barrett walked . Walker walked , Barrett to second . Ramirez singled to center , Womack scored , Barrett to third , Walker to second . Jones struck out swinging . Murton grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Eckstein grounded out to pitcher . Taguchi walked . Taguchi stole second . Rolen doubled to deep center , Taguchi scored . Edmonds walked . Encarnacion doubled to deep left , Rolen scored , Edmonds to third . Perez grounded out to first , Edmonds scored , Encarnacion to third . Bennett grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Cedeno flied out to right . Maddux struck out looking . Pierre walked . Pierre caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Womack batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Luna grounded out to shortstop . Marquis grounded out to pitcher . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Womack singled to center . Barrett singled to right , Womack to second . Walker singled to right , Womack scored , Barrett to second , Barrett to third advancing on throw . Ramirez singled to shallow left , Barrett scored , Walker to second . Jones hit ground rule double to deep center , Walker scored , Ramirez to third . Murton struck out looking . Cedeno intentionally walked . Maddux grounded out to shortstop , Ramirez scored , Jones to third , Cedeno to second . Pierre flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Taguchi flied out to left . Rolen grounded out to shortstop . Edmonds singled to center . Encarnacion popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Womack flied out to center . Barrett grounded out to shortstop . Walker singled to left center . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Perez singled to right . Bennett singled to center , Perez to second . Luna grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bennett out at second , Perez to third . Marquis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Jones grounded out to second . Murton struck out swinging . Cedeno doubled to deep center . Maddux struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Eckstein lined out to second . Taguchi singled to center . Taguchi stole second , Taguchi safe at third on throwing error by catcher Barrett . Rolen singled to center , Taguchi scored . Edmonds doubled to deep right center , Rolen scored . Encarnacion doubled to deep left , Edmonds scored . Perez flied out to left . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Bennett grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 6th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop . Womack sacrificed to third , Pierre to second . Barrett struck out swinging . Aardsma pitching for Cubs . Walker lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Duncan hit for Flores . Aardsma pitching for Cubs . Luna grounded out to second . Duncan reached on infield single to third . Eckstein singled to center , Duncan to second . Taguchi singled to right , Duncan scored , Eckstein to third , Taguchi to second on throwing error by right fielder Jones . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Rolen hit sacrifice fly to center , Eckstein scored , Taguchi to third . Edmonds singled to left center , Taguchi scored . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Edmonds out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez grounded out to second . Jones doubled to left . Murton struck out swinging . Mabry hit for Ohman . Cedeno singled to center , Jones scored . Mabry struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Bennett singled to center . Bigbie hit for Wainwright . Luna struck out swinging . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Luna in left field . Miles at second base . Bigbie struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Pierre struck out looking . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Womack struck out swinging . Barrett singled to right . Walker singled to center , Barrett to second . Ramirez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Eckstein flied out to left . Taguchi grounded out to second . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Rolen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Jones walked . Nevin hit for Marmol . Cedeno struck out looking . Nevin fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 6 - Cardinals 9 .	With Pujols out , Edmonds lifts Cards past Cubs