Cardinals - Top 1st . Duke pitching for Pirates . Eckstein grounded out to first . Taguchi struck out swinging . Rolen hit ground rule double to left . Encarnacion singled to center , Rolen scored . Edmonds flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . McLouth fouled out to third . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Casey fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Luna doubled to left . Molina sacrificed to third , Luna to third . Miles lined into double play , first to third , Luna out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Bay singled to left . Wilson hit by pitch , Bay to second . Sanchez singled to left , Bay scored , Wilson to second . Castillo flied out to right . Paulino grounded out to shortstop , Wilson to third , Sanchez to second . Duke singled to right , Wilson and Sanchez scored . McLouth grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Ponson walked . Ponson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Eckstein singled to left center . Taguchi singled to center , Eckstein to third . Rolen singled to left , Eckstein scored , Taguchi to second . Encarnacion doubled to left , Taguchi scored , Rolen to third . Edmonds grounded out to second , Rolen scored , Encarnacion to third . Luna singled to center , Encarnacion scored . Luna stole second . Molina grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Wilson grounded out to third . Casey struck out looking . Bay lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Miles reached on bunt single to catcher . Ponson sacrificed to catcher , Miles to second . Eckstein fouled out to catcher . Taguchi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Wilson singled to center . Sanchez singled to left , Wilson to second . Castillo doubled to left , Wilson scored , Sanchez to third . Paulino popped out to first . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Duke singled to center , Sanchez scored , Castillo to third . McLouth struck out swinging . Wilson singled to right center , Castillo scored , Duke to second . Casey grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Rolen grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion singled to center . Edmonds walked , Encarnacion to second . Luna struck out looking . Encarnacion to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Bay grounded out to shortstop . Wilson hit ground rule double to left . Sanchez walked . Castillo homered to left , Wilson and Sanchez scored . Paulino reached on infield single to pitcher . Duke flied out to left . McLouth singled to left , Paulino to second . Torres pitching for Pirates . Wilson grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Molina doubled to deep left . Perez hit for Thompson . Miles grounded out to second , Molina to third . Perez struck out swinging . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Eckstein grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Casey singled to left center . Bay grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Casey out at second . Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Taguchi walked . Rolen grounded out to shortstop , Taguchi to second . Encarnacion struck out swinging . McLouth in right field . Marte pitching for Pirates . Bautista in center field . Edmonds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez flied out to left . Castillo flied out to center . Hernandez pitching for Pirates . Paulino flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Pirates . Luna reached on infield single to pitcher . Molina popped into double play , second to first , Luna doubled off first . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Miles grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Bautista singled to right . McLouth grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bautista out at second . Wilson flied out to center . Capps pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez hit for Johnson . Casey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez flied out to left . Eckstein flied out to center . Taguchi walked . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Rolen homered to left center , Taguchi scored . Encarnacion grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Pirates 9 .	Castillo lifts last - place Pirates to rare win over Cards