Cardinals - Top 1st . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Eckstein grounded out to pitcher . Spiezio walked . Pujols singled to center , Spiezio to third . Rolen hit sacrifice fly to center , Pujols scored . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Granderson singled to center . Polanco walked , Granderson to second . Thames struck out swinging . Granderson stole third , Polanco stole second . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop , Granderson scored , Polanco to third . Guillen walked . Shelton singled to center , Polanco scored , Guillen to third . Monroe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Shelton out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Taguchi struck out swinging . Luna struck out swinging . Molina hit by pitch . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Wilson hit ground rule double to deep left center . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Wilson out at third . Granderson grounded out to third , Inge to second . Polanco walked . Thames grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Eckstein singled to right . Spiezio singled to right , Eckstein to second . Eckstein to third , Spiezio to second on wild pitch by Rogers . Pujols intentionally walked . Rolen hit sacrifice fly to center , Eckstein scored , Spiezio to third . Encarnacion hit sacrifice fly to left , Spiezio scored , Pujols to second . Taguchi popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Ordonez singled to right . Guillen singled to left , Ordonez to second . Shelton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guillen out at second , Ordonez to third . Monroe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Luna grounded out to second . Molina grounded out to third . Miles popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Wilson struck out swinging . Inge hit ground rule double to left . Granderson singled to right , Inge scored . Polanco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Granderson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Eckstein hit ground rule double to deep left center . Spiezio reached on bunt single to pitcher , Eckstein to third . Pujols grounded out to third , Eckstein scored , Spiezio to second . Rolen intentionally walked . Encarnacion flied out to center . Taguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rolen out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Thames grounded out to third . Ordonez singled to center . Guillen singled to right , Ordonez to second . Shelton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Guillen out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Luna reached on infield single to pitcher . Molina sacrificed to pitcher , Luna to second . Colon pitching for Tigers . Miles doubled to right , Luna scored . Eckstein struck out swinging . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Spiezio grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Monroe grounded out to third . Wilson homered to left . Inge grounded out to third . Granderson singled to center . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Colon pitching for Tigers . Pujols lined out to first . Rolen singled to center . Encarnacion grounded out to pitcher , Rolen to second . Taguchi flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Thames flied out to right . Ordonez popped out to second . Guillen walked . Shelton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Colon pitching for Tigers . Luna lined out to left . Molina singled to left . Miles singled to left , Molina to second . Walker pitching for Tigers . Eckstein walked , Molina to third , Miles to second . Spiezio flied out to right . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Monroe flied out to right . Wilson flied out to center . Inge flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Rolen fouled out to catcher . Encarnacion flied out to center . Taguchi singled to left . Taguchi caught stealing second , catcher to second . Luna batting . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Granderson reached on infield single to pitcher . Polanco struck out swinging . Thames homered to left center , Granderson scored . Gomez ran for Ordonez . Ordonez doubled to deep left center . Guillen intentionally walked . Shelton lined out to right , Gomez to third . Guillen to second on fielder 's indifference . Gomez in right field . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Monroe struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 10th . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Luna grounded out to shortstop . Molina flied out to left . Miles lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 10th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Wilson grounded out to pitcher . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Inge struck out swinging . Granderson walked . Polanco doubled to deep right center , Granderson scored . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Tigers 7 .	Polanco 's double caps Tigers ' late rally past Cards