Indians - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Sizemore flied out to left . Belliard grounded out to third . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Eckstein grounded out to second . Edmonds lined out to left . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Martinez flied out to center . Broussard singled to right . Hollandsworth flied out to right . Boone grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Rolen struck out swinging . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Rodriguez singled to center . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Westbrook singled to right . Sizemore singled to right , Westbrook to second . Belliard struck out swinging . Peralta walked , Westbrook to third , Sizemore to second . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Miles grounded out to second . Carpenter struck out swinging . Eckstein struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Broussard grounded out to second . Hollandsworth popped out to shortstop . Boone grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Edmonds singled to center . Pujols flied out to left . Rolen singled to left , Edmonds to second . Encarnacion singled to center , Rolen scored , Encarnacion to second advancing on throw . Rodriguez walked . Molina singled to center , Encarnacion scored , Rodriguez to second . Miles grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Gutierrez singled to left center . Westbrook sacrificed to first , Gutierrez to second . Sizemore singled to right center , Gutierrez scored . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sizemore out at second . Peralta flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Carpenter grounded out to pitcher . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Edmonds lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Martinez flied out to left . Broussard grounded out to second . Hollandsworth grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Rolen homered to center . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Rodriguez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Boone grounded out to third . Vazquez hit for Westbrook . Gutierrez flied out to right . Perez hit for Carpenter . Taguchi in left field . Vazquez flied out to left . Looper pitching for Cardinals . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Molina lined out to left . Miles flied out to center . Perez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Sizemore singled to left center . Belliard doubled to right center , Sizemore to third . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Peralta struck out swinging . Perez hit for Broussard . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Hafner hit for Perez . Martinez reached on infield single to pitcher , Sizemore scored , Belliard to third . Hafner walked , Martinez to second . Hollandsworth singled to left center , Belliard scored , Martinez to third , Hafner to second . Boone hit sacrifice fly to left , Martinez scored . Martinez at first base . Carmona pitching for Indians . Shoppach catching . Gutierrez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Eckstein walked . Edmonds struck out swinging . Pujols walked , Eckstein to second . Rolen flied out to right . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Eckstein out at third , Pujols to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Shoppach flied out to center . Sizemore singled to right . Sizemore stole second . Belliard walked . Wickman pitching for Indians . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Belliard out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Wickman pitching for Indians . Taguchi safe at second on error by catcher Shoppach . Molina sacrificed to third , Taguchi to third . Spiezio hit for Isringhausen . Miles doubled to deep right center , Taguchi scored . Spiezio grounded out to first , Miles to third . Eckstein safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Peralta , Miles scored . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - Cardinals 5 .	Cards take advantage of two Tribe errors , snap skid