Royals - Top 1st . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . DeJesus doubled to center . Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher , DeJesus to third . Mientkiewicz hit sacrifice fly to left , DeJesus scored . Sanders struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Eckstein flied out to left . Edmonds struck out swinging . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Teahen singled to left . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Teahen out at second . Berroa grounded out to third , Brown to second . Buck intentionally walked . Duckworth grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Rolen doubled to left . Encarnacion doubled to deep left , Rolen scored . Taguchi grounded out to second , Encarnacion to third . Molina grounded out to third . Luna intentionally walked . Suppan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . DeJesus doubled to right . Grudzielanek flied out to left . Mientkiewicz homered to right , DeJesus scored . Sanders grounded out to third . Teahen walked . Brown flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Eckstein singled to center . Edmonds grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Eckstein out at second . Pujols lined out to pitcher . Rolen walked , Edmonds to second . Edmonds to third , Rolen to second on wild pitch by Duckworth . Encarnacion flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Berroa singled to center . Buck grounded out to shortstop , Berroa to second . Duckworth grounded out to second , Berroa to third . DeJesus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Taguchi singled to center . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Taguchi out at second . Luna hit ground rule double to deep left . Suppan singled to right , Luna scored , Suppan to second advancing on throw . Eckstein reached on infield single to shortstop , Suppan to third . Edmonds grounded out to first . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . Sanders doubled to deep right center . Teahen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Duckworth pitching for Royals . Pujols hit by pitch . Rolen flied out to right . Encarnacion singled to center , Pujols to third . Taguchi reached on infield single to third , Encarnacion to second . Molina batting . Luna struck out looking . Suppan reached on infield single to shortstop , Encarnacion scored , Taguchi to third , Molina to second . Hudson pitching for Royals . Eckstein safe at first on error by shortstop Berroa , Taguchi scored , Molina to third , Suppan to second . Edmonds grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 6th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Berroa doubled to left . German hit for Hudson . Buck grounded out to shortstop . Flores pitching for Cardinals . German hit ground rule double to right , Berroa scored . Peralta pitching for Royals . DeJesus struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Pujols flied out to center . Rolen flied out to right . Encarnacion fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Grudzielanek flied out to right . Mientkiewicz flied out to left . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Sanders struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Taguchi walked . Molina grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Taguchi out at second . Luna flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Teahen homered to right . Brown popped out to first . Berroa grounded out to second . Perez hit for Wainwright . Gobble pitching for Royals . Buck struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Perez flied out to center . Eckstein flied out to center . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Graffanino hit for Gobble . Edmonds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Graffanino flied out to center . DeJesus walked . Grudzielanek grounded out to third , DeJesus to second . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Mientkiewicz walked . DeJesus in left field . Dessens pitching for Royals . Brown in right field . Gathright in center field . Sanders flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Pujols singled to center . Rolen grounded out to first , Pujols to second . Pujols to third on wild pitch by Dessens . Encarnacion intentionally walked . Spiezio hit for Molina . Burgos pitching for Royals . Taguchi intentionally walked , Encarnacion to second . Miles hit for Luna . Spiezio struck out swinging . Bennett catching . Miles at second base . Miles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 10th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Teahen walked . Brown singled to center , Teahen to third . Stairs hit for Buck . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brown out at second . Stairs hit sacrifice fly to left , Teahen scored , Berroa to second . Gathright doubled to left , Berroa scored . Bako catching . Rodriguez hit for Looper . DeJesus flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 10th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Rodriguez flied out to left . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Edmonds singled to right . Pujols flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 7 - Cardinals 5 .	Burgos trumps Cards ' rally in Royals victory