Dodgers - Top 1st . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Furcal struck out swinging . Lofton reached on infield single to third . Drew struck out swinging . Kent struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Duncan doubled to deep right center . Pujols hit ground rule double to deep center , Duncan scored . Edmonds grounded out to second , Pujols to third . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Saenz homered to left . Ethier doubled to deep center . Izturis reached on bunt single to catcher , Ethier to third . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ethier scored , Izturis out at second . Penny sacrificed to third , Martin to second . Furcal grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Spiezio grounded out to second . Molina struck out swinging . Miles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Lofton singled to right . Drew struck out swinging . Kent reached on infield single to second , Lofton hit by batted ball out at second . Saenz singled to center , Kent to second . Ethier flied out to center . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . An Reyes grounded out to second . Eckstein singled to right . Duncan singled to right , Eckstein to second . Pujols singled to center , Eckstein scored , Duncan to third . Edmonds grounded out to second , Duncan scored , Pujols to second . Encarnacion grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Izturis popped out to third . Martin popped out to second . Penny flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Spiezio flied out to right . Molina doubled to deep right . Miles singled to center , Molina to third , Miles to second advancing on throw . An Reyes struck out swinging . Eckstein flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Furcal grounded out to second . Lofton walked . Lofton stole second . Drew grounded out to second , Lofton to third . Kent struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Duncan singled to center . Duncan to second on wild pitch by Penny . Pujols doubled to deep center , Duncan scored . Edmonds walked . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Spiezio struck out looking . Molina doubled to deep right center , Pujols and Edmonds scored . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Luna at second base . Miles grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Saenz fouled out to catcher . Ethier singled to center . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Izturis grounded into double play , second to first , Ethier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Luna struck out looking . Eckstein flied out to left . Duncan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Ledee hit for Beimel . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Martin singled to left . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi in left field . Cruz Jr hit for Ledee . Cruz Jr struck out swinging . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Furcal grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Pujols reached on infield single to pitcher . Edmonds flied out to right . Encarnacion safe at first on error by third baseman Izturis , Pujols to third . Spiezio singled to right , Pujols scored , Encarnacion to third . Molina singled to right center , Encarnacion scored , Spiezio to third . Taguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Spiezio scored , Molina out at second . Luna struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 8th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Lofton singled to left . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lofton out at second . Martinez at second base . Kent grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Drew out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Rodriguez hit for Johnson . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Eckstein safe at first on error by third baseman Izturis . Rodriguez homered to right , Eckstein scored . Bennett hit for Edmonds . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Bennett grounded out to third . Rodriguez in left field . Kinney pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi in center field . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 9th . Kinney pitching for Cardinals . Saenz doubled to deep left . Ethier grounded out to first , Saenz to third . Izturis grounded out to first , Saenz scored . Martin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 3 - Cardinals 11 .	Pujols , Cards batter All - Star Penny to sweep Dodgers