Cardinals - Top 1st . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Eckstein grounded out to third . Duncan flied out to left . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Pierre doubled to deep right . Walker flied out to left . Pierre to third on passed ball by Bennett . Barrett grounded out to third . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Rolen struck out swinging . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Edmonds hit ground rule double to deep right . Luna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Jones singled to center . Mabry flied out to left . Pagan grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Bennett walked . Marquis walked , Bennett to second . Eckstein bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bennett out at third , Marquis to second , Marquis scored , Eckstein to second on throwing error by third baseman Ramirez . Duncan grounded out to second , Eckstein to third . Pujols doubled to deep right center , Eckstein scored . Rolen struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Cedeno flied out to right . Marmol struck out swinging . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Encarnacion walked . Encarnacion stole second . Edmonds flied out to right , Encarnacion to third . Luna singled to left , Encarnacion scored , Luna out stretching at second . Bennett walked . Marquis grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Walker doubled to deep center . Barrett grounded out to second , Walker to third . Ramirez tripled to deep right , Walker scored . Jones grounded out to first . Mabry homered to left center , Ramirez scored . Pagan singled to center . Cedeno singled to center , Pagan to second . Marmol safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rolen , Pagan to third , Cedeno to second . Pierre tripled to right , Pagan , Cedeno and Marmol scored . Kinney pitching for Cardinals . Walker walked . Barrett flied out to center . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Eckstein flied out to center . Duncan walked . Pujols popped out to shortstop . Rolen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Kinney pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez fouled out to first . Jones grounded out to second . Mabry struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Encarnacion walked . Edmonds flied out to left . Novoa pitching for Cubs . Nevin at first base . Luna walked , Encarnacion to second . Bennett grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Luna out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Kinney pitching for Cardinals . Pagan singled to center . Cedeno struck out swinging . Nevin struck out swinging , Pagan stole second . Rodriguez hit for Kinney . Pierre lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Novoa pitching for Cubs . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Eckstein singled to center . Duncan singled to right , Eckstein to second . Pujols struck out swinging . Rolen hit by pitch , Eckstein to third , Duncan to second . Eyre pitching for Cubs . Encarnacion doubled to deep left , Eckstein and Duncan scored , Rolen to third . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Rodriguez in left field . Edmonds struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Walker lined out to left . Barrett grounded out to third . Ramirez hit by pitch . Murton hit for Eyre . Jones singled to left , Ramirez to second . Howry pitching for Cubs . Murton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Spiezio hit for Bennett . Howry pitching for Cubs . Luna flied out to center . Spiezio struck out looking . Molina catching . Rodriguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Pagan reached on bunt single to catcher . Cedeno sacrificed to third , Pagan to second . Nevin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pagan to third . Pierre walked , Nevin to second . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Perez at second base . Walker grounded into double play , first to catcher to first , Pagan out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Miles hit for Looper . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Miles grounded out to pitcher . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Cubs 6 .	Rolen error keys six - run Cubs rally , dooms Cardinals