Phillies - Top 1st . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Rollins singled to right . Dellucci flied out to center . Utley singled to center , Rollins to third . Howard grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Utley out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Mathieson pitching for Phillies . Eckstein grounded out to second . Duncan struck out swinging . Pujols flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Burrell doubled to deep right . Rowand struck out looking . Nunez struck out swinging . Coste walked . Mathieson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Coste out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Mathieson pitching for Phillies . Rolen flied out to right . Edmonds walked . Encarnacion walked , Edmonds to second . Belliard grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Encarnacion out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Rollins singled to right . Dellucci singled to right , Rollins to second . Utley safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols , Rollins to third , Dellucci to second . Howard singled to right , Rollins and Dellucci scored , Utley to third , Howard to second on throwing error by second baseman Belliard . Burrell lined out to third . Rowand intentionally walked . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Utley scored , Rowand out at second , Howard to third . Coste grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Nunez out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Mathieson pitching for Phillies . Molina lined out to third . Suppan walked . Eckstein popped out to first . Duncan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Mathieson struck out swinging . Rollins grounded out to first . Dellucci walked . Utley popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Mathieson pitching for Phillies . Pujols singled to center . Rolen walked , Pujols to second . Edmonds singled to center , Pujols scored , Rolen to second . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Edmonds out at second , Rolen to third . Belliard sacrificed to third , Rolen scored , Encarnacion to second . Molina walked . Suppan singled to center , Encarnacion scored , Molina to third . Eckstein flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Howard homered to right . Burrell grounded out to third . Rowand grounded out to third . Nunez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Mathieson pitching for Phillies . Duncan flied out to center . Pujols grounded out to third . Rolen lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Roberson hit for Mathieson . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Coste homered to left . Roberson singled to right . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Rollins singled to right , Roberson to third . Victorino hit for Dellucci . Victorino struck out swinging . Utley struck out swinging , Rollins stole second . Sosa pitching for Cardinals . Howard walked . Victorino in right field . Geary pitching for Phillies . Burrell lined out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Edmonds struck out swinging . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Belliard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Sosa pitching for Cardinals . Rowand struck out swinging . Nunez flied out to center . Coste grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Marquis hit for Sosa . Geary pitching for Phillies . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Marquis struck out swinging . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Sandoval hit for Geary . Eckstein flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Sandoval grounded out to shortstop . Rollins flied out to center . Rhodes pitching for Phillies . Victorino grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Rhodes pitching for Phillies . Duncan grounded out to second . Pujols popped out to first . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Rolen lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Utley singled to shallow right . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi in left field . Howard flied out to left . Utley stole second . Burrell struck out swinging . Gordon pitching for Phillies . Rowand grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Gordon pitching for Phillies . Edmonds struck out swinging . Encarnacion grounded out to second . Belliard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 5 - Cardinals 3 .	Utley pushes hitting streak to 33 in Phillies win