Cardinals - Top 1st . Milton pitching for Reds . Eckstein popped out to shortstop . Belliard grounded out to third . Pujols walked . Rolen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Freel singled to right . Hatteberg singled to right , Freel to second . Griffey Jr grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hatteberg out at second , Freel to third . Encarnacion singled to center , Freel scored . Dunn popped out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Milton pitching for Reds . Spiezio flied out to left . Encarnacion walked . Taguchi struck out swinging . Molina doubled to deep right , Encarnacion to third , Encarnacion scored , Molina to third on error by catcher Ross . Marquis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Aurilia homered to left . Ross doubled to deep left . Clayton lined into double play , first to shortstop , Ross doubled off second . Milton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Milton pitching for Reds . Eckstein flied out to right . Belliard flied out to center . Pujols walked . Rolen lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Freel reached on infield single to shortstop . Hatteberg fouled out to catcher . Griffey Jr singled to right , Freel to second . Encarnacion flied out to right , Freel to third . Dunn singled to right , Freel scored , Griffey Jr to second . Aurilia singled to center , Griffey Jr scored , Dunn to second . Sosa pitching for Cardinals . Ross walked , Dunn to third , Aurilia to second . Clayton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Milton pitching for Reds . Spiezio flied out to right . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Taguchi tripled to right . Molina walked . Sosa grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Sosa pitching for Cardinals . Milton singled to right . Freel grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Milton out at second . Hatteberg popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Milton pitching for Reds . Eckstein singled to center . Belliard singled to right center , Eckstein to second . Pujols flied out to right . Rolen flied out to center . Spiezio singled to left , Eckstein scored , Belliard to second . Encarnacion popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Sosa pitching for Cardinals . Griffey Jr singled to shallow center . Encarnacion singled to left , Griffey Jr to second . Dunn popped out to second , Griffey Jr to third . Encarnacion caught stealing second , pitcher to second to first . Aurilia popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Milton pitching for Reds . Taguchi flied out to left . Molina lined out to third . Sosa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Sosa pitching for Cardinals . Ross struck out swinging . LaRue hit for Milton . Clayton struck out swinging . Weathers pitching for Reds . LaRue struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Weathers pitching for Reds . Eckstein flied out to center . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Pujols popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Freel doubled to left . Hatteberg reached on infield single to second , Freel to third . Griffey Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Freel out at home , Hatteberg to third , Griffey Jr to second . Encarnacion intentionally walked . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Dunn singled to right , Hatteberg and Griffey Jr scored , Encarnacion to third . Aurilia hit sacrifice fly to center , Encarnacion scored . Bray pitching for Reds . Aurilia at third base . Phillips at second base . Ross popped out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Bray pitching for Reds . Rolen singled to left . Spiezio struck out looking . Encarnacion grounded out to third , Rolen to second . Taguchi singled to shallow right , Rolen scored . Molina struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Clayton singled to center . Phillips walked , Clayton to second . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Freel sacrificed to pitcher , Clayton to third , Phillips to second , Freel safe at second on throwing error by catcher Molina . Clayton scored , Phillips to third on throwing error by catche . Hatteberg singled to right , Phillips scored , Freel to third . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Valentin hit for Bray . Griffey Jr walked , Hatteberg to second . Valentin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Freel scored , Griffey Jr out at second , Hatteberg to third . Dunn walked . Guardado pitching for Reds . Miles hit for Wainwright . Aurilia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dunn out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 9th . Guardado pitching for Reds . Miles struck out swinging . Eckstein flied out to left . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 3 - Reds 10 .	Reds pound out 17 hits in 10 - 3 spanking of Marquis , Cards