Cubs - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Cardinals . Pierre singled to right . Bynum singled to center , Pierre to second , Pierre to third on error by center fielder Encarnacion . Bynum stole second . Ramirez struck out swinging . Jones walked . Pierre scored , Bynum to third , Jones to second on wild pitch by Weaver . Barrett grounded out to second , Bynum scored , Jones to third . Mabry struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Walrond pitching for Cubs . Wilson singled to center . Duncan struck out swinging . Pujols lined out to center . Wilson stole second . Rolen singled to right , Wilson scored , Rolen scored on error by right fielder Jones . Encarnacion singled to right . Belliard grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 2nd . Weaver pitching for Cardinals . Murton popped out to first . Cedeno singled to left . Walrond sacrificed to pitcher , Cedeno to second . Pierre walked . Bynum singled to center , Cedeno scored , Pierre to third . Ramirez lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Walrond pitching for Cubs . Miles grounded out to pitcher . Bennett grounded out to shortstop . Weaver walked . Wilson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Weaver pitching for Cardinals . Jones flied out to left . Barrett flied out to left . Mabry flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Walrond pitching for Cubs . Duncan flied out to left . Pujols reached on infield single to third . Rolen flied out to right . Encarnacion singled to right , Pujols to second . Belliard walked , Pujols to third , Encarnacion to second . Miles reached on infield single to shortstop , Pujols scored , Encarnacion to third , Belliard to second . Encarnacion scored , Belliard to third , Miles to second on passed ball by Barrett . Bennett intentionally walked . Aardsma pitching for Cubs . Weaver singled to right , Belliard and Miles scored , Bennett to second . Wilson flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Weaver pitching for Cardinals . Murton walked . Cedeno lined out to center . Aardsma sacrificed to first , Murton to second . Pierre grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Aardsma pitching for Cubs . Duncan lined out to second . Pujols flied out to left . Rolen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Weaver pitching for Cardinals . Bynum struck out swinging . Ramirez popped out to first . Jones homered to right . Barrett grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Aardsma pitching for Cubs . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Belliard flied out to right . Miles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Weaver pitching for Cardinals . Mabry grounded out to first . Murton singled to center . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Cedeno grounded into double play , third to second to first , Murton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Bennett walked . Weaver struck out bunting foul . Wilson struck out swinging . Duncan singled to right , Bennett to second . Coats hit for Wuertz . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Duncan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Weaver pitching for Cardinals . Coats grounded out to first . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Pierre singled to center . Pierre stole second . Bynum walked . Pierre to third , Bynum to second on wild pitch by Wainwright . Ramirez grounded out to second , Pierre scored , Bynum to third . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Sosa pitching for Cardinals . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop , Bynum scored . Novoa pitching for Cubs . Blanco catching . Barrett popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Novoa pitching for Cubs . Rolen flied out to left . Encarnacion singled to center . Belliard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Encarnacion out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Sosa pitching for Cardinals . Mabry popped out to second . Murton grounded out to third . Cedeno flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Novoa pitching for Cubs . Miles singled to left . Spiezio hit for Sosa . Bennett sacrificed to first , Miles to second . Spiezio fouled out to first . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Wilson hit by pitch . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Duncan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Blanco grounded out to second . Pierre grounded out to second . Howry pitching for Cubs . Bynum grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Howry pitching for Cubs . Pujols singled to right . Rolen grounded out to shortstop , Pujols to second . Encarnacion reached on infield single to third , Pujols to third . Belliard walked , Encarnacion to second . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols out at home , Encarnacion to third , Belliard to second . Bennett homered to left , Encarnacion , Belliard and Miles scored . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 6 - Cardinals 10 .	Grand finale : Bennett 's walk - off slam cuts off Cubs ' rally