Marlins - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez singled to center . Ramirez stole second . Uggla sacrificed to third , Ramirez to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Ramirez scored . Willingham safe at first on error by third baseman Rolen . Jacobs walked , Willingham to second . Olivo grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Miles grounded out to second . Duncan struck out swinging . Pujols flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Hermida grounded out to first . Amezaga tripled to deep center . Amezaga caught stealing home , to catcher . Nolasco walked . Ramirez doubled to right , Nolasco to third . Uggla lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Rolen flied out to center . Encarnacion flied out to center . Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Molina catching . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera hit by pitch . Willingham singled to center , Cabrera to second . Jacobs flied out to center . Olivo hit by pitch , Cabrera to third , Willingham to second . Hermida hit sacrifice fly to left , Cabrera scored . Helms at third base . Amezaga struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Belliard singled to left . Molina flied out to right . Marquis singled to right , Belliard to third . Miles hit sacrifice fly to left , Belliard scored , Marquis to second . Duncan grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Nolasco struck out looking . Ramirez doubled to center . Uggla walked . Helms singled to left , Ramirez scored , Uggla to second . Willingham grounded out to shortstop , Uggla to third , Helms to second . Jacobs singled to right , Uggla and Helms scored . Olivo lined out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Pujols flied out to right . Rolen doubled to left . Encarnacion singled to left , Rolen to third . Wilson doubled to deep left center , Rolen and Encarnacion scored . Belliard popped out to second . Molina reached on infield single to third , Wilson to third . Marquis singled to left , Wilson scored , Molina to second . Miles safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez , Molina scored , Marquis to third . Duncan flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Hermida grounded out to second . Amezaga grounded out to second . Nolasco lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Pujols homered to center . Rolen doubled to right . Herges pitching for Marlins . Encarnacion singled to center , Rolen to third . Wilson singled to right , Rolen scored , Encarnacion to second . Belliard struck out swinging . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Wilson out at second , Encarnacion to third . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Marquis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez flied out to left . Uggla struck out swinging . Helms reached on infield single to second . Willingham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Herges pitching for Marlins . Miles doubled to right . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Duncan walked . Pujols flied out to left . Rolen walked , Miles to third , Duncan to second . Encarnacion hit sacrifice fly to center , Miles scored , Duncan to third . Wilson popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Jacobs struck out swinging . Olivo grounded out to shortstop . Hermida struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Belliard singled to right . Molina flied out to center . Belliard caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Wainwright doubled to deep left center . Miles reached on infield single to second , Wainwright to third . Duncan singled to center , Wainwright scored , Miles to third . Miles scored , Duncan to second on wild pitch by Messenger . Pujols doubled to deep right , Duncan scored . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Borchard in right field . Rolen doubled to right , Pujols scored . Encarnacion singled to left , Rolen scored . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi in right field . Wilson grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Amezaga reached on infield single to first . Borchard doubled to deep right center , Amezaga scored . Ramirez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rolen . Uggla struck out swinging . Helms grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Belliard flied out to center . Molina fouled out to catcher . Taguchi doubled to deep left . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Miles fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Willingham flied out to center . Jacobs singled to center . Ross hit for Pinto . Olivo fouled out to first . Ross grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jacobs out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 6 - Cardinals 13 .	Pujols helps Cards end Marlins ' nine - game streak