Marlins - Top 1st . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez lined out to left . Amezaga homered to right . Uggla popped out to second . Willingham singled to left center . Jacobs flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Wilson singled to left . Taguchi grounded out to third , Wilson to second . Pujols grounded out to third , Wilson to third . Rolen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Helms struck out looking . Borchard grounded out to shortstop . Treanor grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Encarnacion flied out to right . Belliard struck out looking . Miles flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Willis struck out swinging . Ramirez walked . Ramirez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Amezaga safe at first on error by shortstop Miles . Uggla grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Molina popped out to shortstop . Suppan grounded out to third . Wilson singled to left . Taguchi singled to center , Wilson to second . Pujols fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Willingham singled to right . Jacobs struck out swinging . Helms singled to right , Willingham to second . Borchard grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Helms out at second , Willingham to third . Treanor walked , Borchard to second . Willis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Rolen flied out to center . Encarnacion singled to center . Belliard grounded out to third , Encarnacion to third . Miles singled to right , Encarnacion scored . Molina flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez popped out to shortstop . Amezaga reached on infield single to second . Amezaga stole second . Amezaga to third on wild pitch by Suppan . Uggla walked . Willingham grounded into double play , third to second to first , Uggla out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Suppan struck out looking . Wilson grounded out to third . Taguchi singled to left . Pujols walked , Taguchi to second . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Jacobs singled to center . Helms grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jacobs out at second . Borchard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Belliard struck out swinging . Miles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Treanor grounded out to third . Willis grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez walked . Ramirez stole second . Amezaga grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Vizcaino hit for Suppan . Willis pitching for Marlins . Molina fouled out to first . Vizcaino struck out looking . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Uggla struck out swinging . Willingham walked . Jacobs struck out looking . Helms singled to left , Willingham to second . Olivo hit for Treanor . Borchard walked , Willingham to third , Helms to second . Ross hit for Willis . Olivo reached on infield single to third , Willingham scored , Helms to third , Borchard to second . Mitre pitching for Marlins . Olivo catching . Ross in right field . Duncan hit for Taguchi . Ross struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Mitre pitching for Marlins . Duncan homered to right center . Pujols walked . Rolen singled to right , Pujols scored . Encarnacion doubled to left , Rolen to third . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Belliard singled to center , Rolen scored , Encarnacion to third , Belliard to second on error by center fielder Amezaga . Miles intentionally walked . Spiezio hit for Looper . Molina fouled out to third . Spiezio hit sacrifice fly to center , Encarnacion scored , Belliard to third . Duncan in left field . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Wilson grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez flied out to left . Amezaga grounded out to second . Uggla singled to left . Willingham singled to left , Uggla to second . Jacobs reached on infield single to first , Uggla tagged out at third , Willingham to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 2 - Cardinals 5 .	D - Train in vain : Marlins waste Willis gem , fall to Cards