Rangers - Top 1st. Chirinos pitching for Rays. Choo walked. Kiner-Falefa singled to left, Choo to second. Mazara grounded into fielder's choice to first, Choo to third, Kiner-Falefa safe at second on error by first baseman Cron. Beltré hit sacrifice fly to left, Choo scored. Gallo grounded out to shortstop, Kiner-Falefa to third, Mazara to second. Guzman grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rays - Bottom 1st. Moore pitching for Rangers. Robertson grounded out to pitcher. Hechavarria singled to center. Gómez popped out to first. Cron singled to right center, Hechavarria to third. Ramos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cron out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Chirinos pitching for Rays. Centeno lined out to center. Robinson reached on bunt single to third. Tocci singled to right, Robinson to third. Choo hit sacrifice fly to left, Robinson scored. Kiner-Falefa doubled to deep left, Tocci to third. Mazara grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Moore pitching for Rangers. Snyder struck out looking. Refsnyder reached on infield single to shortstop. Field safe at first on error by pitcher Moore, Refsnyder to second. Smith lined into double play, to shortstop, Refsnyder doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 3rd. Chirinos pitching for Rays. Beltré grounded out to first. Gallo lined out to left. Guzman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Moore pitching for Rangers. Robertson walked. Hechavarria singled to right, Robertson to second. Gómez struck out swinging. Cron reached on infield single to shortstop, Robertson to third, Hechavarria to second, Robertson scored on throwing error by shortstop Kiner-Falefa. Ramos grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cron out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 4th. Chirinos pitching for Rays. Centeno struck out looking. Robinson flied out to center. Tocci lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Moore pitching for Rangers. Snyder grounded out to third. Refsnyder grounded out to third. Field flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Chirinos pitching for Rays. Choo walked. Kiner-Falefa singled to center, Choo to second. Mazara grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kiner-Falefa out at second, Choo to third. Beltré hit sacrifice fly to center, Choo scored. Gallo walked, Mazara to second. Guzman doubled to deep center, Mazara and Gallo scored. Centeno grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Moore pitching for Rangers. Smith grounded out to first. Robertson walked. Hechavarria grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Robertson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Chirinos pitching for Rays. Robinson flied out to right. Tocci struck out swinging. Choo homered to right center (446 feet). Wood pitching for Rays. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Moore pitching for Rangers. Gómez struck out swinging. Cron hit by pitch. Ramos struck out swinging. Snyder grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Wood pitching for Rays. Mazara singled to left center. Beltré singled to right, Mazara to second. Gallo struck out swinging. Guzman fouled out to left. Centeno flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Moore pitching for Rangers. Refsnyder grounded out to shortstop. Field struck out looking. Smith struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Wood pitching for Rays. Robinson walked. Tocci grounded out to third, Robinson to second. Robinson to third on balk by Wood. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Robinson out at home. Kiner-Falefa singled to left center, Choo to second. Mazara singled to center, Choo scored, Kiner-Falefa to third. Beltré lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Jepsen pitching for Rangers. Robertson struck out looking. Hechavarria singled to shallow left. Gómez hit by pitch, Hechavarria to second. Cron grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gómez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Colomé pitching for Rays. Gallo grounded out to first. Guzman struck out swinging. Centeno singled to left center. Robinson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 9th. Bush pitching for Rangers. Ramos homered to right (347 feet). Snyder struck out swinging. Refsnyder grounded out to second. Field flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 7 - Rays 2.	Moore goes 7 strong innings, Rangers beat Rays 7-2