Rangers - Top 1st. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. DeShields reached on infield single to shortstop, DeShields to second on throwing error by shortstop Díaz. Choo struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa flied into double play, right to shortstop, DeShields doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Pearce popped out to shortstop. Hernández walked. Smoak grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Mazara struck out looking. Gallo struck out looking. Núñez homered to left (411 feet). Profar singled to center. Chirinos struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Solarte homered to left (415 feet). Pillar walked. Martin reached on infield single to third, Pillar to second. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martin out at second, Pillar to third. Grichuk hit sacrifice fly to left, Pillar scored, Gurriel to second. Díaz struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Rua singled to left. DeShields struck out looking. Rua stole second. Choo grounded out to second, Rua to third. Kiner-Falefa lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Pearce grounded out to shortstop. Hernández homered to right (387 feet). Smoak grounded out to shortstop. Solarte grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Mazara grounded out to second. Gallo popped out to shortstop. Núñez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Pillar homered to left (372 feet). Martin walked. Martin to second on wild pitch by Pérez. Gurriel walked. Grichuk singled to left, Martin to third, Gurriel to second. Díaz struck out swinging. Pearce lined into double play, to second, Gurriel doubled off second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Profar struck out swinging. Chirinos struck out looking. Rua grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Hernández struck out swinging. Smoak hit by pitch. Solarte grounded into fielder's choice to second, Smoak out at second. Pillar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. DeShields doubled to left. Choo grounded out to catcher, DeShields to third. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to shortstop, DeShields scored. Mazara grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Martin safe at first on error by third baseman Núñez. Gurriel singled to center, Martin to third. Grichuk grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martin scored, Gurriel out at second. Grichuk picked off first. Díaz fouled out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Gallo struck out swinging. Núñez popped out to second. Profar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Pearce walked. Hernández doubled to deep right center, Pearce to third. Diekman pitching for Rangers. Smoak hit sacrifice fly to left, Pearce scored, Hernández to third. Solarte singled to left, Hernández scored. Pillar grounded out to third, Solarte to second. Martin struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Chirinos struck out swinging. Rua struck out swinging. DeShields flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Moore pitching for Rangers. Gurriel lined out to right. Grichuk reached on infield single to shortstop. Díaz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Grichuk out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Choo grounded out to catcher. Kiner-Falefa doubled to left. Mazara flied out to left. Gallo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 2 - Blue Jays 7.	Blue Jays hit three HRs, beat Rangers 7-2 to avoid sweep