Rangers - Top 1st. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. DeShields popped out to second. Kiner-Falefa lined out to shortstop. Mazara singled to right. Beltré struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Minor pitching for Rangers. Gordon tripled to left. Segura hit sacrifice fly to right, Gordon scored. Haniger struck out swinging. Cruz flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Profar lined out to center. Gallo flied out to left. Odor struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Minor pitching for Rangers. Seager walked. Healy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Seager out at second. Heredia singled to center. Span reached on infield single to second, Heredia to third. Zunino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Chirinos grounded out to third. Guzman walked. DeShields struck out looking. Kiner-Falefa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Guzman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Minor pitching for Rangers. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Segura doubled to deep right. Haniger grounded out to first, Segura to third. Cruz homered to left center (399 feet), Segura scored. Seager flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Mazara homered to center (391 feet). Beltré singled to left. Profar doubled to right, Beltré to third. Gallo struck out swinging. Odor popped out to shortstop. Chirinos walked. Guzman grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Minor pitching for Rangers. Healy flied out to right. Heredia bunt grounded out to catcher. Span lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. DeShields grounded out to second. Kiner-Falefa flied out to center. Mazara flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Minor pitching for Rangers. Zunino walked. Gordon bunt popped out to pitcher. Segura singled to center, Zunino to third. Haniger grounded into fielder's choice to third, Zunino scored, Segura safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Kiner-Falefa. Cruz hit sacrifice fly to right, Segura scored. Seager grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 6th. Pazos pitching for Mariners. Beltré singled to right. Profar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Beltré out at second. Gallo singled to right. Odor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Bush pitching for Rangers. Healy grounded out to second. Heredia singled to shallow right center. Span singled to left, Heredia thrown out at third, Span to second advancing on throw. Zunino reached on infield single to shortstop, Span to third. Gordon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Nicasio pitching for Mariners. Chirinos popped out to shortstop. Guzman struck out swinging. DeShields struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Bush pitching for Rangers. Segura walked. Haniger lined out to second. Cruz singled to center, Segura to second. Seager fouled out to right, Segura to third. Healy singled to right, Segura scored, Cruz to second. Heredia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Healy out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Bradford pitching for Mariners. Kiner-Falefa reached on infield single to second. Mazara grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Kiner-Falefa out at second. Beltré flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Span grounded out to second. Zunino grounded out to shortstop. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Bradford pitching for Mariners. Profar grounded out to first. Gallo singled to right. Odor flied out to left. Chirinos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 1 - Mariners 6.	Cruz homer sparks Mariners to 6-1 win over Rangers