Rangers - Top 1st. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Choo homered to right (374 feet). Andrus grounded out to third. Mazara grounded out to shortstop. Beltré struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Colon pitching for Rangers. Merrifield grounded out to third. Gordon flied out to center. Moustakas flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Profar flied out to right. Gallo struck out swinging. Chirinos hit by pitch. Guzman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Colon pitching for Rangers. Pérez grounded out to third. Dozier reached on infield single to shortstop. Escobar flied out to right. Herrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Royals. DeShields struck out looking. Choo walked. Andrus walked, Choo to second. Mazara singled to center, Choo scored, Andrus to third. Beltré homered to left (420 feet), Andrus and Mazara scored. Profar lined out to first. Gallo struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Colon pitching for Rangers. Almonte singled to right. Mondesi doubled to deep right, Almonte scored. Merrifield flied out to right. Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop, Mondesi to third. Moustakas hit sacrifice fly to right, Mondesi scored. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gordon out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Chirinos lined out to right. Guzman flied out to left. DeShields flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Colon pitching for Rangers. Dozier struck out looking. Escobar singled to left center, Escobar to third on error by left fielder Gallo. Herrera tripled to deep right center, Escobar scored. Almonte popped out to shortstop. Mondesi flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 5th. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Choo doubled to deep left. Andrus walked. Mazara popped out to second. Beltré struck out swinging. Profar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Colon pitching for Rangers. Merrifield reached on infield single to shortstop. Merrifield picked off first. Gordon walked. Moustakas singled to right, Gordon to second. Pérez singled to right, Gordon to third, Moustakas to second. Dozier grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pérez out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Gallo struck out swinging. Chirinos struck out looking. Guzman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Colon pitching for Rangers. Escobar lined out to center. Herrera grounded out to pitcher. Almonte safe at first on error by first baseman Guzman. Mondesi grounded into fielder's choice to first, Almonte out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Flynn pitching for Royals. DeShields reached on infield single to shortstop. DeShields out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Choo walked. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Choo out at second. Mazara reached on infield single to shortstop, Andrus to second. Peralta pitching for Royals. Beltré struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Diekman pitching for Rangers. Merrifield flied out to center. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Moustakas lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Profar walked. Gallo flied out to center, Profar to second. Profar to third on wild pitch by Peralta. Chirinos struck out swinging. Guzman intentionally walked. DeShields reached on bunt single to second, Profar scored, Guzman to second. Choo walked, Guzman to third, DeShields to second. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to second, Choo out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Pérez flied out to center. Dozier flied out to center. Escobar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Grimm pitching for Royals. Mazara singled to left. Beltré grounded into double play, third to second to first, Mazara out at second. Profar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Kela pitching for Rangers. Herrera struck out looking. Almonte grounded out to shortstop. Mondesi flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 6 - Royals 3.	Colon passes Marichal for most wins by Dominican pitcher