White Sox - Top 1st. Colon pitching for Rangers. Moncada singled to center. Sánchez doubled to left, Moncada to third. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moncada out at home. García flied out to center, Sánchez to third. García grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Rodon pitching for White Sox. DeShields grounded out to shortstop. Andrus grounded out to third. Mazara lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Colon pitching for Rangers. Davidson doubled to deep right. Anderson struck out swinging. Narváez reached on infield single to shortstop, Davidson to third. Engel doubled to left, Davidson scored, Narváez to third. Moncada walked. Sánchez hit sacrifice fly to right, Narváez scored, Engel to third. Abreu walked, Moncada to second. García grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Beltré struck out looking. Odor struck out swinging. Profar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Colon pitching for Rangers. García grounded out to first. Davidson struck out swinging. Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop. Narváez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Chirinos grounded out to third. Gallo homered to right (436 feet). Rua grounded out to second. DeShields flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Colon pitching for Rangers. Engel flied out to left. Moncada lined out to center. Sánchez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Andrus flied out to center. Mazara singled to shallow center. Beltré flied out to left. Odor walked, Mazara to second. Profar walked, Mazara to third, Odor to second. Chirinos doubled to deep right, Mazara, Odor and Profar scored. Gallo grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Colon pitching for Rangers. Abreu grounded out to third. García flied out to center. García grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Rua homered to right center (399 feet). DeShields flied out to right. Andrus popped out to second. Mazara grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Colon pitching for Rangers. Davidson homered to center (414 feet). Chavez pitching for Rangers. Anderson grounded out to third. Narváez struck out swinging. Engel singled to center. Moncada fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Beltré singled to left. Odor popped out to second. Profar singled to center, Beltré to second. Minaya pitching for White Sox. Chirinos struck out swinging. Gallo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Sánchez singled to left center. Abreu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sánchez out at second. García homered to center (410 feet). García lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Minaya pitching for White Sox. Rua struck out looking. DeShields singled to center. DeShields stole third, DeShields scored on throwing error by catcher Narváez. Andrus struck out swinging. Avilán pitching for White Sox. Mazara popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Tocci in left field. Diekman pitching for Rangers. Davidson reached on infield single to shortstop. Anderson flied out to center. Narváez walked, Davidson to second. Leclerc pitching for Rangers. Palka hit for Engel. Palka struck out swinging. Moncada struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Tilson in center field. Avilan pitching for White Sox. Beltré singled to center. Odor singled to right, Beltré to second. Rondón pitching for White Sox. Beltré to third, Odor to second on passed ball by Narváez. Profar doubled to right, Beltré and Odor scored. Chirinos reached on infield single to pitcher, Profar to third. Gallo walked, Chirinos to second. Tocci walked, Profar scored, Chirinos to third, Gallo to second. DeShields hit sacrifice fly to center, Chirinos scored. Andrus tripled to deep right center, Gallo and Tocci scored. Mazara singled to center, Andrus scored. Fry pitching for White Sox. Beltré walked, Mazara to second. Odor struck out swinging. Profar lined out to second. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Martin pitching for Rangers. Sánchez struck out looking. Abreu singled to center. García grounded into fielder's choice to third, Abreu out at second. García grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 4 - Rangers 13.	Bartolo ties record with 245 wins as Rangers beat WSox 13-4