Rangers - Top 1st. Boyd pitching for Tigers. DeShields safe at first on error by first baseman Adduci. Andrus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, DeShields out at second. Mazara flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Mahtook flied out to left. Castellanos grounded out to second. Goodrum grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Beltré flied out to center. Odor struck out swinging. Profar singled to left. Gallo homered to right (453 feet), Profar scored. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Hicks safe at first on error by first baseman Guzmán. Martínez struck out swinging. Hicks caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Adduci struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 3rd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Guzmán reached on infield single to second. DeShields grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guzmán out at second. Andrus doubled to deep left, DeShields to third. Mazara grounded out to second, DeShields scored, Andrus to third. Beltré safe at first on error by third baseman Rodríguez, Andrus scored. Odor struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Rodríguez singled to center. Iglesias singled to left, Rodríguez to second. Reyes grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Iglesias out at second, Rodríguez to third. Mahtook grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Profar singled to left. Gallo flied out to left. Profar stole second. Kiner-Falefa reached on infield single to shortstop, Profar scored. Guzmán homered to right (363 feet), Kiner-Falefa scored. DeShields popped out to first. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Castellanos walked. Goodrum grounded into fielder's choice to first, Castellanos safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Guzmán. Hicks singled to left, Castellanos scored, Goodrum to second. Martínez grounded out to first, Goodrum to third, Hicks to second. Adduci singled to left, Goodrum scored, Hicks to third. Rodríguez singled to shallow right, Hicks scored, Adduci to third. Iglesias grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rodríguez out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 5th. Lewicki pitching for Tigers. Mazara lined out to left. Beltré struck out swinging. Odor walked. Profar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Reyes singled to center. Mahtook grounded into double play, third to second to first, Reyes out at second. Castellanos popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Lewicki pitching for Tigers. Gallo grounded out to first. Kiner-Falefa singled to center. Guzmán flied out to center. Kiner-Falefa stole second. DeShields struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Goodrum homered to right (399 feet). Hicks grounded out to second. Martínez singled to center. Rodriguez pitching for Rangers. Adduci singled to center, Martínez to second. Rodríguez struck out swinging. Iglesias grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Andrus lined out to right. Mazara flied out to left. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Rangers. Reyes grounded out to second. Mahtook struck out looking. Castellanos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. Odor grounded out to shortstop. Profar flied out to right. Gallo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Diekman pitching for Rangers. Goodrum struck out looking. Hicks doubled to left. Martínez flied out to left. Adduci struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Alcántara pitching for Tigers. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to shortstop. Guzmán grounded out to pitcher. DeShields walked. Andrus lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Kela pitching for Rangers. Rodríguez reached on infield single to second. Iglesias safe at first on error by third baseman Profar, Rodríguez to second. Reyes singled to left center, Rodríguez scored, Iglesias to second. Candelario hit for Mahtook. Candelario grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Reyes out at second, Iglesias to third. Castellanos struck out swinging. Goodrum grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Rangers 7 - Tigers 5.	Gallo, Guzman lead Rangers to win over Tigers