Rangers - Top 1st. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Choo grounded out to second. Profar walked. Andrus flied out to right. Beltré singled to right, Profar to second. Guzmán grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Springer flied out to center. Bregman flied out to center. Reddick struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Chirinos doubled to deep center. Calhoun struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa reached on infield single to shortstop, Chirinos to third. Tocci sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Chirinos scored, Kiner-Falefa to second. Choo safe at first on error by first baseman Gurriel, Kiner-Falefa to third, Tocci to second. Profar struck out swinging. Andrus grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Gurriel flied out to left. Gattis singled to right center. González walked, Gattis to second. Davis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, González out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Beltré lined out to center. Guzmán grounded out to second. Chirinos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Stassi grounded out to shortstop. Kemp struck out looking. Springer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Calhoun struck out looking. Kiner-Falefa doubled to shallow left. Tocci grounded out to third. Choo walked. Profar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Choo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Bregman flied out to center. Reddick struck out swinging. Gurriel singled to center. Gattis walked, Gurriel to second. González flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Andrus lined out to center. Beltré singled to left. Guzmán grounded into fielder's choice to first, Beltré out at second. Chirinos homered to left (404 feet), Guzmán scored. Calhoun struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Davis lined out to shortstop. Stassi grounded out to shortstop. Kemp lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. Tocci singled to center. Choo tripled to deep right center, Tocci scored. Profar hit sacrifice fly to center, Choo scored. Andrus struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Springer struck out swinging. Bregman walked. Reddick walked, Bregman to second. Gearrin pitching for Rangers. Gurriel grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reddick out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Harris pitching for Astros. Beltré grounded out to second. Guzmán struck out swinging. Chirinos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Gearrin pitching for Rangers. Gattis homered to left (365 feet). González struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to third. Stassi struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Pérez pitching for Astros. Calhoun flied out to center. Kiner-Falefa homered to left (352 feet). Tocci struck out swinging, Tocci safe at first on passed ball by Stassi. Choo lined out to center. Tocci caught stealing second, catcher to second. Profar batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Butler pitching for Rangers. Kemp walked. Springer singled to shallow right, Kemp to second. Bregman flied out to center. Reddick lined out to right. Gurriel lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Devenski pitching for Astros. Profar homered to right center (388 feet). Andrus singled to right. Beltré singled to right, Andrus to second. Guzmán singled to center, Andrus scored, Beltré to third, Guzmán to second advancing on throw. Chirinos walked. Sipp pitching for Astros. Calhoun hit sacrifice fly to right, Beltré scored. Kiner-Falefa singled to shallow left center, Guzmán scored, Chirinos to second. Tocci singled to shallow left, Chirinos to third, Kiner-Falefa to second. Choo grounded out to first, Chirinos scored, Kiner-Falefa to third, Tocci to second. Profar struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Mann pitching for Rangers. Gattis singled to left. González fouled out to catcher. Davis doubled to deep left center, Gattis to third. Maldonado hit for Stassi. Maldonado hit sacrifice fly to right, Gattis scored, Davis to third. Kemp struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 11 - Astros 2.	Chirinos hits 2-run homer as Rangers beat Astros 11-2