Padres - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Denorfia doubled to deep left center. Quentin fouled out to left. Headley hit ground rule double to deep center, Denorfia scored. Blanks struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Cashner pitching for Padres. Span grounded out to second. Desmond grounded out to third. Harper grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Forsythe singled to center. Guzman doubled to left, Forsythe to third. Grandal struck out swinging. Cashner struck out looking. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Cashner pitching for Padres. Zimmerman singled to left. LaRoche lined out to right. Werth singled to left, Zimmerman to third. Rendon walked, Werth to second. Ramos singled to left, Zimmerman and Werth scored, Rendon to second. Gonzalez hit by pitch, Rendon to third, Ramos to second. Span doubled to deep right, Rendon and Ramos scored, Gonzalez to third. Desmond walked. Harper hit sacrifice fly to center, Gonzalez scored, Span to third, Desmond to second. Zimmerman lined out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Denorfia singled to left. Quentin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Denorfia out at second. Headley homered to left (421 feet). Blanks struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Cashner pitching for Padres. LaRoche walked. Werth reached on infield single to shortstop, LaRoche to second. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Rendon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Werth out at second, LaRoche to third. Ramos singled to right, LaRoche scored, Rendon to second. Gonzalez bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rendon out at third, Ramos to second. Span struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. Guzman singled to left. Grandal walked, Guzman to second. Stauffer bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Guzman out at third, Grandal to second. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Desmond doubled to deep right. Harper grounded out to pitcher. Zimmerman walked. LaRoche singled to center, Desmond scored, Zimmerman to third. Werth grounded out to shortstop, Zimmerman scored, LaRoche to second. Rendon popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Denorfia grounded out to second. Quentin grounded out to shortstop. Headley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Ramos grounded out to third. Gonzalez fouled out to right. Span singled to right. Desmond flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Blanks grounded out to third. Forsythe flied out to right. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Harper struck out swinging. Zimmerman grounded out to second. LaRoche grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Grandal grounded out to third. Ciriaco hit for Thatcher. Ciriaco singled to center. Cabrera lined out to right. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Denorfia doubled to right, Ciriaco to third. Quentin homered to left center (434 feet), Ciriaco and Denorfia scored. Headley grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Thayer pitching for Padres. Werth singled to center. Rendon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Werth out at second. Ramos struck out looking. Tracy hit for Stammen. Tracy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 8th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Blanks flied out to center. Forsythe struck out swinging. Guzman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Street pitching for Padres. Span bunt grounded out to pitcher. Desmond popped out to second. Harper popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Soriano pitching for Nationals. Grandal grounded out to shortstop. Kotsay hit for Street. Kotsay flied out to left. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 5 - Nationals 8.	Gonzalez, Nationals defeat skidding Padres