Padres - Top 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Cabrera struck out looking. Venable struck out looking. Quentin singled to center. Headley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Erlin pitching for Padres. Span singled to left. Span to second on wild pitch by Erlin. Desmond grounded out to first, Span to third. Harper singled to left, Span scored. Harper stole second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Werth grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Guzman lined out to center. Blanks flied out to center. Hundley hit by pitch. Amarista singled to center, Hundley to second. Erlin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Erlin pitching for Padres. Rendon grounded out to third. Moore popped out to second. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Cabrera struck out swinging. Venable struck out looking. Quentin hit by pitch. Headley doubled to deep right center, Quentin scored, Headley to third advancing on throw. Guzman grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Erlin pitching for Padres. Strasburg walked. Span sacrificed to third, Strasburg to second. Desmond walked. Harper reached on infield single to first, Strasburg to third, Desmond to second. Zimmerman homered to right center (405 feet), Strasburg, Desmond and Harper scored. Werth singled to deep left. Rendon homered to left (399 feet), Werth scored. Moore grounded out to shortstop. Ramos struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Blanks flied out to center. Hundley walked. Amarista homered to right (381 feet), Hundley scored. Erlin struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Erlin pitching for Padres. Strasburg struck out swinging. Span flied out to center. Desmond popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Venable grounded out to second. Quentin struck out swinging. Headley singled to right. Guzman singled to left center, Headley to second. Blanks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Erlin pitching for Padres. Harper walked. Harper stole second. Zimmerman walked. Venable in right field. Ross pitching for Padres. Amarista in center field. Ciriaco at second base. Zimmerman stole second. Harper scored, Zimmerman safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hundley. Werth walked. Rendon singled to right, Zimmerman scored, Werth to second. Moore safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera, Werth to third, Rendon to second. Ramos grounded into double play, third to second to first, Werth scored, Moore out at second, Rendon to third. Strasburg singled to right, Rendon scored. Span singled to center, Strasburg to second. Desmond grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Hundley lined out to right. Amarista singled to right. Ciriaco hit by pitch, Amarista to second. Cabrera walked, Amarista to third, Ciriaco to second. Venable grounded out to first, Amarista scored, Ciriaco to third, Cabrera to second. Quentin lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Ross pitching for Padres. Harper singled to center. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harper out at second. Werth popped out to shortstop. Rendon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Bernadina in right field. Headley doubled to deep center. Guzman grounded out to third, Headley to third. Denorfia hit for Ross. Denorfia safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Desmond, Headley scored. Hundley singled to shallow left center, Denorfia to third. Amarista grounded into fielder's choice to second, Denorfia scored, Hundley out at second. Ciriaco grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Venable in center field. Denorfia in right field. Amarista at second base. Thayer pitching for Padres. Moore struck out swinging. Ramos doubled to deep right. Bernadina struck out swinging. Span walked. Desmond walked, Ramos to third, Span to second. Harper lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Cabrera reached on infield single to second. Venable reached on infield single to first, Cabrera to second. Quentin singled to left, Cabrera scored, Venable to second. Storen pitching for Nationals. Headley struck out swinging. Guzman flied out to center. Denorfia grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Vincent pitching for Padres. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Tracy hit for Storen. Tracy fouled out to first. Rendon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Hundley struck out swinging. Amarista flied out to right. Kotsay hit for Vincent. Kotsay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 7 - Nationals 11.	Zimmerman, Harper lift Nats over Padres