Padres - Top 1st. Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera grounded out to second. Denorfia walked. Headley struck out swinging. Quentin doubled to center, Denorfia to third, Denorfia scored on error by Eaton. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Cashner pitching for Padres. Eaton struck out swinging. Parra walked. Parra stole second. Goldschmidt walked. Chavez walked, Parra to third, Goldschmidt to second. Prado grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks. Alonso lined out to right. Gyorko struck out swinging. Hundley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Cashner pitching for Padres. Kubel lined out to left. Montero homered to left center (399 feet). Gregorius hit ground rule double to deep right. Skaggs struck out swinging. Eaton popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks. Cashner struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Denorfia walked. Headley hit by pitch, Denorfia to second. Quentin walked, Denorfia to third, Headley to second. Guzman walked, Denorfia scored, Headley to third, Quentin to second. Alonso doubled to right, Headley, Quentin and Guzman scored. Gyorko struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Cashner pitching for Padres. Parra grounded out to second. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. Chavez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. Cashner walked. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cashner out at second. Cabrera stole second. Denorfia homered to left (437 feet), Cabrera scored. Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks. Headley homered to left (389 feet). Quentin struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Prado flied out to right. Kubel doubled to deep left center. Montero walked. Gregorius grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Montero out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks. Guzman struck out looking. Alonso struck out swinging. Gyorko grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Pollock hit for Sipp. Cashner pitching for Padres. Pollock struck out looking. Eaton lined out to left. Parra walked. Goldschmidt homered to left (417 feet), Parra scored. Chavez struck out looking. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Pollock in right field. Hundley popped out to third. Cashner homered to left (386 feet). Cabrera safe at first on error by first baseman Goldschmidt. Cabrera caught stealing second, catcher to second. Denorfia popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Prado grounded out to third. Kubel grounded out to second. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Headley walked. Quentin struck out swinging. Guzman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Headley out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Denorfia in right field. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Venable in center field. Gregorius grounded out to second. Pollock lined out to right. Eaton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Alonso singled to center. Gyorko struck out looking. Hundley lined out to center. Venable singled to left, Alonso to second. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Ross hit for Harris. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Ross walked. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Chavez flied out to center. Prado walked, Ross to second. Kubel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Denorfia flied out to right. Headley walked. Headley to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Quentin singled to center, Headley scored. Amarista hit for Stauffer. Amarista walked, Quentin to second. Alonso singled to right, Quentin scored, Amarista to second. Amarista to third, Alonso to second on passed ball by Montero. Gyorko struck out swinging. Hundley struck out swinging, Hundley safe at first on wild pitch by Hernandez, Amarista scored, Alonso to third. Bell pitching for Diamondbacks. Venable struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Denorfia in left field. Thayer pitching for Padres. Amarista in center field. Venable in right field. Montero singled to right. Gregorius popped out to shortstop. Pollock struck out looking. Eaton singled to center, Montero to second. Pennington hit for Bell. Pennington walked, Montero to third, Eaton to second. Goldschmidt lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 12 - Diamondbacks 3.	Cashner homers, earns win as Padres coast