Padres - Top 1st. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Venable doubled to right center. Denorfia walked. Headley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Denorfia out at second, Venable to third. Alonso grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Headley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Volquez pitching for Padres. Fowler singled to center. Dickerson doubled to deep left center, Fowler to third. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Rosario singled to left, Fowler and Dickerson scored. Helton struck out swinging. Arenado singled to center, Rosario to second, Rosario to third on error by center fielder Venable. Blackmon fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 2nd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Gyorko doubled to left. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. Decker flied out to left. Hundley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Volquez pitching for Padres. LeMahieu homered to left (374 feet). Chacin grounded out to first. Fowler walked. Dickerson doubled to left center, Fowler scored. Dickerson to third on wild pitch by Volquez. Tulowitzki safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Headley, Dickerson scored. Rosario lined out to right. Helton grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 3rd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Volquez walked. Venable grounded into fielder's choice to second, Volquez out at second. Denorfia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Venable out at second. Headley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Volquez pitching for Padres. Arenado lined out to right. Blackmon lined out to shortstop. LeMahieu doubled to deep right center. Chacin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Alonso singled to center. Gyorko grounded into double play, third to second to first, Alonso out at second. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Volquez pitching for Padres. Fowler walked. Dickerson flied out to left, Fowler to second. Tulowitzki grounded out to catcher, Fowler to third. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Decker grounded out to second. Hundley singled to center. Volquez struck out bunting foul. Venable lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Volquez pitching for Padres. Helton singled to right. Arenado singled to left center, Helton to second. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Helton out at third, Arenado to second. LeMahieu walked, Arenado to third, Blackmon to second. O'Sullivan pitching for Padres. Chacin hit sacrifice fly to right, Arenado scored, Blackmon to third. LeMahieu stole second. Fowler singled to right, Blackmon and LeMahieu scored. Dickerson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fowler out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Denorfia struck out looking. Headley grounded out to first. Alonso popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. O'Sullivan pitching for Padres. Tulowitzki grounded out to second. Rosario grounded out to third. Helton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Gyorko struck out swinging. Forsythe struck out swinging. Decker homered to right (399 feet). Hundley flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. O'Sullivan pitching for Padres. Arenado singled to center. Blackmon popped out to first. LeMahieu flied out to center. Chacin safe at first on error by second baseman Gyorko, Arenado to second. Fowler lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 8th. Amarista hit for O'Sullivan. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Amarista grounded out to shortstop. Venable grounded out to first. Denorfia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Venable in right field. Hynes pitching for Padres. Cedeno at third base. Amarista in center field. Dickerson walked. Herrera hit for Tulowitzki. Herrera singled to left center, Dickerson to third. Rosario singled to right, Dickerson scored, Herrera to second. Culberson hit for Helton. Culberson singled to left, Herrera scored, Rosario to second. Arenado singled to center, Rosario scored, Culberson to second. Blackmon flied out to right. LeMahieu singled to center, Culberson scored, Arenado to second. Bettis hit for Chacin. Bettis safe at first on error by first baseman Alonso, Arenado to third, LeMahieu to second. Fowler doubled to deep center, Arenado and LeMahieu scored, Fowler out at third, Bettis to third. Dickerson popped out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 9th. Herrera at shortstop. Culberson at second base. LeMahieu at first base. Francis pitching for Rockies. Cedeno lined out to right. Alonso grounded out to first. Gyorko homered to right (386 feet). Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 2 - Rockies 14.	Rockies back Chacin with season-high 14 runs