Padres - Top 1st. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Venable singled to right. Amarista reached on infield single to third, Venable to second. Alonso grounded into fielder's choice to first, Amarista out at second, Venable to third, Venable scored on throwing error by shortstop Gregorius. Gyorko struck out swinging. Headley grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Ross pitching for Padres. Campana singled to center. Campana to second on wild pitch by Ross. Eaton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Campana out at third. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, third to second to first, Eaton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Forsythe lined out to center. Fuentes grounded out to shortstop. Hundley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Ross pitching for Padres. Chavez struck out swinging. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Ross struck out swinging. Venable reached on infield single to third. Amarista grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Venable out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Ross pitching for Padres. Parra grounded out to pitcher. Gregorius reached on infield single to third. McCarthy sacrificed to catcher, Gregorius to second. Campana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Alonso flied out to left. Gyorko struck out swinging. Headley singled to right center. Forsythe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Headley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Ross pitching for Padres. Eaton hit by pitch. Goldschmidt tripled to right, Eaton scored. Chavez flied out to left. Prado hit sacrifice fly to right, Goldschmidt scored. Montero lined out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Fuentes struck out looking. Hundley flied out to right. Ross singled to center. Venable grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Ross pitching for Padres. Parra struck out swinging. Gregorius flied out to center. McCarthy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Amarista lined out to left. Alonso lined out to first. Gyorko hit by pitch. Headley popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Ross pitching for Padres. Campana reached on infield single to second. Eaton singled to left, Campana to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging, Campana stole third, Eaton stole second. Chavez intentionally walked. Prado singled to left, Campana and Eaton scored, Chavez to second. Montero grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Prado out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. Fuentes grounded out to second. Hundley grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Ross pitching for Padres. Parra doubled to deep right. Gregorius walked. Kubel hit for McCarthy. Hynes pitching for Padres. Hill hit for Kubel. Parra to third, Gregorius to second on wild pitch by Hynes. Hill intentionally walked. Campana grounded into fielder's choice to third, Parra scored on error by catcher Hundley, Gregorius to third, Hill to second. Eaton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gregorius out at home, Hill to third, Campana to second. Amarista in center field. Bass pitching for Padres. Denorfia in left field. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hill scored, Eaton out at second, Campana to third. Chavez walked, Goldschmidt to second. Prado grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 8th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Denorfia grounded out to third. Venable struck out swinging. Guzman hit for Amarista. Guzman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Venable in center field. Guzman in left field. Denorfia in right field. Bass pitching for Padres. Montero grounded out to second. Parra lined out to center. Gregorius singled to left. De La Rosa flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Alonso lined out to center. Gyorko struck out swinging. Headley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 1 - Diamondbacks 6.	McCarthy, Goldschmidt lift Arizona vs. Pads