Orioles - Top 1st . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Mullins doubled to deep center . Mancini singled to left center , Mullins to third . Santander reached on infield single to shortstop , Mullins scored , Mancini to second . Mountcastle struck out swinging . Ruiz struck out swinging . Franco doubled to shallow left , Santander scored and Mancini scored . Galvis grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Orioles . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Verdugo struck out swinging . Martinez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Hays flied out to center . Sisco singled to left . Mullins doubled to left , Sisco to third . Mancini grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mullins to third , Sisco out at home . Santander flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Orioles . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Renfroe grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Richards pitching for Red Sox . Mountcastle walked . Ruiz singled to left , Mountcastle to second . Franco walked , Ruiz to second , Mountcastle to third . Taylor pitching for Red Sox . Galvis walked , Mountcastle scored , Franco to second , Ruiz to third . Hays doubled to left , Ruiz scored and Franco scored , Galvis to third . Sisco struck out swinging . Mullins singled to right center . Valaika ran for Hays . Mancini doubled to deep center , Galvis scored and Valaika scored , Mullins to third . Mullins scored on Taylor wild pitch , Mancini to third on wild pitch by Taylor . Santander struck out swinging . Mountcastle singled to right , Mancini scored . Ruiz singled to center , Mountcastle to second . Whitlock pitching for Red Sox . Franco flied out to center . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Valaika in left field . Zimmermann pitching for Orioles . Vázquez doubled to left . Dalbec lined out to center . Arroyo reached on infield single to catcher , Vázquez to third . Hernández hit sacrifice fly to left , Vázquez scored . Verdugo lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Whitlock pitching for Red Sox . Galvis grounded out to shortstop . Valaika singled to center . Sisco struck out swinging . Mullins reached on infield single to shortstop , Valaika to second . Mullins to second on wild pitch by Whitlock , Valaika to third on wild pitch by Whitlock . Mancini struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Orioles . Martinez homered to center ( 429 feet ) . Bogaerts flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Renfroe flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Whitlock pitching for Red Sox . Santander singled to center . Mountcastle struck out swinging . Santander to second on wild pitch by Whitlock . Ruiz struck out swinging . Franco popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Orioles . Vázquez struck out swinging . Dalbec lined out to first . Arroyo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Whitlock pitching for Red Sox . Galvis grounded out to second . Valaika flied out to right . Sisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Orioles . Hernández walked . Verdugo lined out to center . Martinez doubled to left , Hernández scored . Bogaerts grounded out to second , Martinez to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Cordero in left field . Sawamura pitching for Red Sox . Mullins walked . Mancini struck out swinging . Santander walked , Mullins to second . Mountcastle struck out swinging . Ruiz popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Sulser pitching for Orioles . Renfroe grounded out to first . Vázquez singled to right center . Dalbec struck out swinging . Arroyo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vázquez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Franco grounded out to third . Galvis walked . Valaika struck out swinging . Sisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Sulser pitching for Orioles . Hernández flied out to center . Cordero struck out swinging . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Ottavino pitching for Red Sox . Mullins doubled to right . Mancini grounded out to shortstop , Mullins to third . Santander singled to right , Mullins scored . Mountcastle walked , Santander to second . Ruiz struck out swinging . Franco walked , Mountcastle to second , Santander to third . Galvis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Wells pitching for Orioles . Bogaerts flied out to left . Gonzalez walked . Renfroe popped out to second . Vázquez singled to right , Gonzalez to third . Dalbec grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vázquez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 11 - Red Sox 3 .	Orioles ' sweep sends Red Sox to 2nd 0 - 3 start ever in Fenway