Orioles - Top 1st . McClanahan pitching for Rays . Mullins singled to right . Hays flied out to left . Mancini struck out swinging . Mullins caught stealing second , catcher to second . Shane McClanahan pitches to Ryan Mountcastle . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Means pitching for Orioles . Arozarena doubled to deep left . Bruján singled to left , Arozarena scored , Bruján to second . Meadows flied out to center , Bruján safe at third on throwing error by center fielder Mullins . Franco hit sacrifice fly to right , Bruján scored . Lowe doubled to deep center . Mejía flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 2nd . McClanahan pitching for Rays . Mountcastle struck out swinging . Santander doubled to deep right . Urías grounded out to third . Santander to third on wild pitch by McClanahan . Severino singled to left , Santander scored . Valaika walked , Severino to second . Gutierrez hit by pitch , Valaika to second , Severino to third . Mullins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Means pitching for Orioles . Choi fouled out to third . Walls struck out swinging . Kiermaier flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . McClanahan pitching for Rays . Hays safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Choi . Mancini singled to right , Hays to second . Mountcastle struck out swinging . Santander grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mancini out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Means pitching for Orioles . Arozarena homered to center ( 418 feet ) . Bruján lined out to center . Meadows flied out to left . Franco grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . McClanahan pitching for Rays . Urías safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Bruján . Urías to second on wild pitch by McClanahan . Severino struck out swinging . Valaika struck out swinging . Gutierrez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 4th . Means pitching for Orioles . Lowe singled to center . Mejía homered to left ( 412 feet ) , Lowe scored . Choi singled to center . Walls grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Choi out at second . Kiermaier flied out to left . Arozarena struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . McClanahan pitching for Rays . Mullins grounded out to second . Hays struck out swinging . Mancini lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Means pitching for Orioles . Bruján grounded out to third . Meadows flied out to center . Franco popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Kittredge pitching for Rays . Mountcastle struck out looking . Santander grounded out to second . Urías reached on infield single to third . Severino struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Valdez pitching for Orioles . Lowe grounded out to second . Mejía grounded out to first . Choi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Springs pitching for Rays . Valaika struck out looking . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Mullins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Valdez pitching for Orioles . Walls lined out to right . Kiermaier grounded out to pitcher . Arozarena grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Feyereisen pitching for Rays . Hays safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Franco , Hays safe at second on error . Mancini flied out to right , Hays to third . Mountcastle hit sacrifice fly , Hays scored , Mountcastle to first on fielding error by right fielder Lowe . Santander doubled to deep center , Mountcastle scored . Santander to third on wild pitch by Feyereisen . Urías walked . Fairbanks pitching for Rays . Severino struck out looking . Stewart hit for Valaika . Stewart struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Leyba at second base . Anderson pitching for Orioles . Bruján safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Leyba . Meadows singled to left center , Bruján to second . Franco lined out to center . Lowe walked , Meadows to second , Bruján to third . Mejía tripled to deep center , Bruján scored , Meadows scored and Lowe scored . Choi singled to right , Mejía scored . Choi to second on wild pitch by Anderson . Walls grounded out to second , Choi to third . Kiermaier flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 9th . Castillo pitching for Rays . Gutierrez flied out to right . Mullins grounded out to first . Hays struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 3 - Rays 9 .	Tampa Bay slugs 2 HRs , spoils return of Orioles ' Means 9 - 3