Royals - Top 1st . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . Lopez singled to left center . Perez grounded out to third , Lopez to second . Benintendi singled to center , Lopez scored . Matt Harvey pitches to Carlos Santana . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Minor pitching for Royals . Mullins lined out to left . Mountcastle popped out to second . Hays grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Santana lined out to second . Mondesi struck out swinging . O'Hearn singled to left . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to second , O'Hearn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Minor pitching for Royals . Severino grounded out to shortstop . Santander popped out to second . Mateo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Olivares singled to right . Olivares caught stealing second , catcher to second . Merrifield doubled to deep left . Merrifield scored on throwing error by catcher Severino . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Perez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Minor pitching for Royals . McKenna singled to left . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McKenna out at second . Gutierrez singled to center , Jones to second . Mullins grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gutierrez safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Santana , Jones to third . Mountcastle struck out swinging . Hays struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 4th . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Benintendi doubled to deep center . Santana struck out looking . Mondesi fouled out to catcher . O'Hearn flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Minor pitching for Royals . Severino singled to left . Santander flied out to right . Mateo flied out to right . McKenna singled to center , Severino to second . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Taylor singled to center . Olivares sacrificed to pitcher , Taylor to second . Merrifield singled to right , Taylor to third . Lopez doubled to deep right , Taylor scored , Merrifield to third . Perez intentionally walked . Abad pitching for Orioles . Benintendi reached on infield single to first , Merrifield scored , Perez to second , Lopez to third . Santana popped out to second . Mondesi struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Minor pitching for Royals . Gutierrez reached on infield single to third . Mullins grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gutierrez out at second . Mountcastle flied out to right . Hays grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mullins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Abad pitching for Orioles . O'Hearn grounded out to shortstop . Taylor walked . Olivares lined out to shortstop . Merrifield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Minor pitching for Royals . Severino popped out to shortstop . Santander struck out swinging . Mateo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Abad pitching for Orioles . Lopez grounded out to second . Diplán pitching for Orioles . Perez homered to center ( 419 feet ) . Benintendi flied out to left . Santana flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Payamps pitching for Royals . McKenna struck out swinging . Jones struck out looking . Gutierrez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Barreda pitching for Orioles . Mondesi flied out to center . O'Hearn flied out to left . Taylor struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Dozier in right field . Payamps pitching for Royals . Mullins walked . Mountcastle singled to right , Mullins to third . Hays doubled to deep right center , Mullins scored , Mountcastle to third . Staumont pitching for Royals . Severino walked . Santander singled to deep right , Mountcastle scored , Severino to second , Hays to third . Stewart hit for Mateo . Stewart popped out to first . Urías hit for McKenna . Urías singled to right , Hays scored , Santander to second , Severino to third . Brentz pitching for Royals . Jones struck out looking . Gutierrez singled to center , Santander scored and Severino scored , Urías to second . Urías scored on error and Gutierrez scored on error , Mullins safe at first on fielding error by right fielder Dozier , Mullins safe at second on error . Mountcastle homered to left ( 366 feet ) , Mullins scored . Hays grounded out to shortstop . 9 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 9th . Mullins in center field . Tate pitching for Orioles . Urías at shortstop . Olivares hit by pitch . Merrifield reached on infield single to catcher , Olivares to second . Lopez lined out to center . Perez grounded out to pitcher , Merrifield to second , Olivares to third . Benintendi homered to right ( 384 feet ) , Olivares scored and Merrifield scored . Wells pitching for Orioles . Santana grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 8 - Orioles 9 .	Orioles score 9 runs in 8th inning , rally past Royals 9 - 8