Tigers - Top 1st . Pivetta pitching for Red Sox . Grossman walked . Candelario struck out swinging , Grossman stole second . Cabrera grounded out to third . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Hernández walked . Verdugo grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hernández safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Fulmer , Hernández safe at third on error . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hernández scored , Verdugo out at second . Bogaerts singled to right , Martinez to second . Vázquez singled to center , Martinez scored , Bogaerts to third . Gonzalez singled to center , Bogaerts scored , Vázquez to second . Arroyo flied out to center . Renfroe singled to shallow right , Vázquez scored , Gonzalez to third . Lange pitching for Tigers . Dalbec struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 2nd . Pivetta pitching for Red Sox . Goodrum struck out looking . Ramos singled to center . Castro singled to right center , Ramos to second . Jones struck out swinging . Reyes singled to right center , Ramos scored , Castro to third . Grossman singled to left center , Castro scored , Reyes to third . Candelario grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Lange pitching for Tigers . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Verdugo homered to left ( 352 feet ) . Martinez singled to center . Bogaerts homered to left ( 388 feet ) , Martinez scored . Vázquez singled to right . Norris pitching for Tigers . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vázquez out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Pivetta pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera struck out looking . Schoop struck out swinging . Goodrum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Norris pitching for Tigers . Arroyo struck out swinging . Renfroe hit ground rule double to deep right . Dalbec grounded out to second , Renfroe to third . Hernández walked . Renfroe scored on Norris wild pitch , Hernández to second on wild pitch by Norris . Verdugo walked . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Martinez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Pivetta pitching for Red Sox . Ramos struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to first . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Bogaerts lined out to left . Vázquez lined out to second . Gonzalez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Pivetta pitching for Red Sox . Reyes singled to shallow left . Grossman doubled to deep right center , Reyes scored . Candelario walked . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Candelario out at second , Grossman to third . Schoop grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Arroyo grounded out to shortstop . Renfroe homered to left ( 362 feet ) . Dalbec flied out to center . Hernández grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Brice pitching for Red Sox . Goodrum singled to right . Ramos flied out to right . Castro hit by pitch , Goodrum to second . Jones homered to left ( 378 feet ) , Goodrum scored and Castro scored . Reyes doubled to left . Andriese pitching for Red Sox . Grossman singled to shallow right , Reyes scored . Grossman stole second , Grossman safe at third on throwing error by catcher Vázquez . Candelario struck out looking . Cabrera struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Verdugo lined out to center . Martinez singled to left . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Vázquez doubled to left , Martinez scored . Gonzalez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Ottavino pitching for Red Sox . Schoop grounded out to catcher . Goodrum walked . Goodrum stole second , Goodrum safe at third on throwing error by catcher Vázquez . Ramos struck out swinging . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Arroyo struck out swinging . Renfroe flied out to right . Dalbec lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Red Sox . Jones popped out to second . Reyes safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Dalbec . Grossman walked , Reyes to second . Grossman to second on wild pitch by Hernandez , Reyes to third on wild pitch by Hernandez . Candelario walked . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Candelario out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Hernández homered to left ( 399 feet ) . Verdugo singled to center . Martinez lined out to center . Bogaerts grounded out to catcher , Verdugo to second . Vázquez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Schoop fouled out to first . Goodrum struck out swinging . Ramos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 7 - Red Sox 11 .	Red Sox hit 4 homers , hold off reeling Tigers 11 - 7 at Fenway