Tigers - Top 1st . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Grossman lined out to pitcher . Schoop singled to shallow left . Candelario struck out looking . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Schoop out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Eaton struck out swinging . Moncada grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Haase struck out swinging . Goodrum grounded out to pitcher . Short struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . Mercedes grounded out to shortstop . Grandal homered to left ( 392 feet ) . Lamb grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Castro singled to shallow left . Hill grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castro out at second . Grossman safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Moncada . Schoop doubled to left , Grossman scored . Candelario grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . García struck out swinging . Madrigal reached on infield single to shortstop . Anderson struck out swinging . Eaton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Haase lined out to third . Goodrum grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Moncada grounded out to first . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . Mercedes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Short grounded out to third . Castro walked . Hill grounded out to third , Castro to second . Grossman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Funkhouser pitching for Tigers . Grandal walked . Lamb singled to center , Grandal to second . García sacrificed to pitcher , García to first on error by first baseman Schoop , Lamb to second , Grandal to third . Madrigal popped out to second . Anderson singled to center , Grandal scored and Lamb scored , Anderson to second , García to third . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , García scored and Anderson scored on fielding error by catcher Haase , Eaton second . Moncada walked . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Eaton scored on throwing error by second baseman Castro , Moncada out at second . Mercedes walked , Abreu to second . Grandal walked , Mercedes to second , Abreu to third . Lamb flied out to left . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 3 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Schoop homered to left ( 364 feet ) . Candelario grounded out to third . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Haase singled to right . Goodrum grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . García lined out to third . Madrigal homered to center ( 402 feet ) . Anderson flied out to right . Eaton singled to center . Moncada lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Heuer pitching for White Sox . Short walked . Castro doubled to center , Short to third . Hill walked . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Grossman hit sacrifice fly to right , Short scored , Castro to third . Schoop homered to left ( 379 feet ) , Castro scored and Hill scored . Candelario lined out to left . Cabrera singled to right center . Haase homered to center ( 427 feet ) , Cabrera scored . Goodrum struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Abreu walked . Mercedes flied into double play , center to shortstop , Abreu thrown out at second . Grandal homered to right center ( 413 feet ) . Hamilton hit for Lamb . Soto pitching for Tigers . Hamilton walked . García grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Hamilton in center field . García in left field . Crochet pitching for White Sox . Short struck out looking . Castro singled to right . Hill struck out swinging . Grossman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Madrigal grounded out to shortstop . Anderson grounded out to third . Eaton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Crochet pitching for White Sox . Schoop walked . Baddoo ran for Schoop . Candelario struck out looking . Cabrera lined out to center . Haase walked , Baddoo to second . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Goodrum flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Baddoo in left field . Goodrum at first base . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Moncada hit by pitch . Abreu singled to right , Moncada to third . Mercedes singled to left , Moncada scored , Abreu to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 8 - White Sox 9 .	Mercedes hit in 9th , Chisox top Tigers ; La Russa ties McGraw