White Sox - Top 1st . Urena pitching for Tigers . Anderson doubled to left . Goodwin doubled to right , Anderson scored . Grandal hit by pitch . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grandal safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Paredes , Goodwin to third . Mercedes singled to right , Goodwin scored and Grandal scored , Abreu to second . Mercedes to second on passed ball by Haase , Abreu to third on passed ball by Haase . Eaton struck out swinging . Lamb grounded out to first . García grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Cease pitching for White Sox . Grossman walked . Castro homered to right ( 373 feet ) , Grossman scored . Schoop struck out swinging . Haase struck out swinging . Mazara struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Urena pitching for Tigers . Mendick walked . Anderson singled to right , Mendick to second . Goodwin homered to right ( 365 feet ) , Mendick scored and Anderson scored . Grandal walked . Abreu popped out to second . Mercedes flied out to center . Eaton walked , Grandal to second . Norris pitching for Tigers . Lamb walked , Eaton to second , Grandal to third . García singled to right center , Eaton scored and Grandal scored , Lamb to third . Mendick walked , García to second . Anderson lined out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Cease pitching for White Sox . Paredes struck out swinging . Baddoo grounded out to first . Cameron popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Norris pitching for Tigers . Goodwin grounded out to shortstop . Grandal singled to center . Abreu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Grandal out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Cease pitching for White Sox . Castro grounded out to second . Grossman singled to center . Castro flied out to left . Schoop hit by pitch , Grossman to second . Haase struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Burrows pitching for Tigers . Mercedes struck out swinging . Eaton flied out to center . Lamb flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Mazara grounded out to third . Paredes struck out swinging . Baddoo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Burrows pitching for Tigers . García walked . Mendick doubled to right , García to third . Anderson singled to center , García scored and Mendick scored . Goodwin walked , Anderson to second . Grandal struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . Lange pitching for Tigers . Mercedes singled to left , Anderson scored , Goodwin to second . Eaton walked , Mercedes to second , Goodwin to third . Goodwin scored , Eaton to second on passed ball by Haase , Mercedes to third on passed ball by Haase . Lamb walked . García walked , Mercedes scored , Lamb to second , Eaton to third . Mendick struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Cameron struck out swinging . Castro singled to right . Grossman singled to right , Castro to second . Castro flied out to right , Castro to third . Schoop fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Lange pitching for Tigers . Anderson lined out to first . Goodwin struck out swinging . Grandal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Burr pitching for White Sox . Haase walked . Mazara walked , Haase to second . Paredes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mazara out at second , Haase to third . Baddoo lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Foley pitching for Tigers . Abreu doubled to deep left center . Vaughn ran for Abreu . Mercedes grounded out to shortstop . Eaton grounded out to second , Vaughn to third . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Collins catching . Grandal at first base . Vaughn in left field . Lamb at third base . García at second base . Mendick at shortstop . Burr pitching for White Sox . Cameron lined out to right . Castro flied out to left . Grossman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Mazara in right field . Baddoo in left field . Cameron in center field . García reached on infield single to catcher . Mendick walked , García to second . Collins doubled to deep right center , García scored , Mendick to third . Goodwin grounded out to shortstop , Mendick scored , Collins to third . Grandal fouled out to third . Vaughn lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Foster pitching for White Sox . Castro struck out swinging . Schoop flied out to second . Haase flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Rogers at third base . Harold Castro pitching for Tigers . Mercedes flied out to left . Eaton flied out to center . Lamb grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Foster pitching for White Sox . Mazara struck out swinging . Paredes walked . Baddoo reached on infield single to shortstop , Paredes to second . Cameron flied out to right . Castro walked , Baddoo to second , Paredes to third . Rogers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 15 - Tigers 2 .	Cease improves to 8 - 0 over Tigers ; White Sox romp 15 - 2