Tigers - Top 1st . Singer pitching for Royals . Grossman grounded out to second . Baddoo walked . Baddoo caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Candelario grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Skubal pitching for Tigers . Merrifield flied out to left . Santana grounded out to third . Perez singled to left . Soler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Singer pitching for Royals . Schoop singled to center . Castro doubled to left , Schoop to third . Mazara grounded out to first . Goodrum struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Skubal pitching for Tigers . Mondesi homered to center ( 445 feet ) . Gutiérrez grounded out to second . Alberto lined out to first . Taylor struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Singer pitching for Royals . Rogers bunt popped out to third . Grossman struck out swinging . Baddoo doubled to deep right . Candelario doubled to right center , Baddoo scored . Schoop grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Skubal pitching for Tigers . Gallagher lined out to right . Merrifield struck out swinging . Santana reached on infield single to shortstop . Perez homered to left ( 383 feet ) , Santana scored . Soler walked . Mondesi grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Soler out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Hernández pitching for Royals . Castro struck out swinging . Mazara tripled to deep center . Goodrum hit by pitch . Castro grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Goodrum out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Skubal pitching for Tigers . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . Alberto singled to right center . Taylor reached on infield single to first , Alberto to second . Gallagher grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Taylor out at second , Alberto to third . Merrifield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Rogers struck out swinging . Grossman grounded out to shortstop . Baddoo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Skubal pitching for Tigers . Santana struck out swinging . Perez struck out swinging . Soler walked . Mondesi grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Candelario struck out swinging . Schoop singled to center . Castro flied out to center , Schoop to second . Mazara struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Skubal pitching for Tigers . Gutiérrez lined out to right . Alberto popped out to shortstop . Taylor flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Holland pitching for Royals . Goodrum walked . Castro homered to right ( 421 feet ) , Goodrum scored . Rogers popped out to third . Grossman singled to center . Barlow pitching for Royals . Baddoo singled to right , Grossman to third . Grossman scored on Barlow wild pitch , Baddoo to second on wild pitch by Barlow . Candelario walked . Schoop flied out to center . Castro struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Gallagher safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Schoop . Merrifield singled to left center , Gallagher to second . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Merrifield out at second , Gallagher to third . Perez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 8th . Brentz pitching for Royals . Mazara flied out to center . Goodrum singled to right center . Castro singled to right , Goodrum to third . Goodrum scored on Brentz wild pitch , Castro to second on wild pitch by Brentz . Rogers flied out to right , Castro to third . Grossman walked . Baddoo struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Soler flied out to center . Mondesi flied out to left . Gutiérrez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Staumont pitching for Royals . Candelario walked . Schoop singled to left , Candelario to second . Castro struck out swinging . Mazara singled to right center , Candelario scored , Schoop to third . Goodrum fouled out to third . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mazara out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Alberto singled to left center . Taylor grounded out to shortstop , Alberto to second . Dozier hit for Gallagher . Dozier flied out to right . Merrifield doubled to left , Alberto scored . Santana singled to center , Merrifield scored . Dyson ran for Santana . Perez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 6 - Royals 5 .	Castro HR , Tigers rally for sweep over skidding Royals