Tigers - Top 1st . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Grossman walked . Schoop struck out swinging . Candelario singled to center , Grossman to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Castro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Manning pitching for Tigers . Upton grounded out to third . Ohtani walked . Ward flied out to right . Walsh lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Haase grounded out to second . Baddoo doubled to deep right , Baddoo out stretching at third . Castro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Manning pitching for Tigers . Suzuki lined out to second . Wong doubled to center . Lagares grounded out to third . Rengifo reached on infield single to shortstop , Wong scored on error , Rengifo to second , Rengifo safe at third on error by catcher Haase . Fletcher singled to right , Rengifo scored . Upton struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 3rd . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Cameron flied out to right . Grossman struck out swinging . Schoop struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Manning pitching for Tigers . Ohtani grounded out to first . Ward lined out to center . Walsh lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Candelario reached on bunt single to catcher . Cabrera hit by pitch , Candelario to second . Castro lined out to left . Haase grounded into double play , second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Manning pitching for Tigers . Suzuki popped out to second . Wong lined out to shortstop . Lagares singled to left . Rengifo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Baddoo singled to left . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Baddoo out at second . Cameron grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Manning pitching for Tigers . Fletcher fouled out to first . Upton struck out swinging . Ohtani walked . Ward struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Grossman flied out to right . Schoop homered to left ( 406 feet ) . Candelario grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Walsh grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki singled to shallow right . Gosselin hit for Wong . Gosselin flied out to center . Lagares flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Watson pitching for Angels . Goodrum hit for Castro . Gosselin at third base . Goodrum doubled to deep center . Haase grounded out to shortstop . Goodrum stole third . Baddoo grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Baddoo to third , Goodrum out at home in rundown . Castro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Goodrum at shortstop . Funkhouser pitching for Tigers . Rengifo singled to right . Fletcher grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rengifo safe at second on error by shortstop Goodrum . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop , Fletcher to second , Rengifo to third . Iglesias hit for Watson . Iglesias singled to left center , Rengifo scored , Upton to second , Fletcher to third . Ward homered to left center ( 418 feet ) , Fletcher scored , Upton scored and Iglesias scored . Walsh struck out swinging . Suzuki singled to shallow center . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Gosselin singled to right center , Suzuki to second . Lagares grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gosselin out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 8th . Iglesias at shortstop . Mayers pitching for Angels . Rengifo at third base . Fletcher at second base . Cameron doubled to center . Grossman singled to center , Cameron scored . Schoop singled to right , Grossman to second . Candelario walked , Schoop to second , Grossman to third . Iglesias pitching for Angels . Cabrera struck out looking . Goodrum singled to right , Grossman scored , Candelario to second , Schoop to third . Haase grounded out to first , Schoop scored , Goodrum to second , Candelario to third . Baddoo grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Rengifo struck out swinging . Fletcher grounded out to second . Upton singled to left . Iglesias struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Iglesias pitching for Angels . Castro doubled to left . Cameron grounded out to second , Castro to third . Grossman struck out swinging . Schoop walked . Castro scored on Iglesias wild pitch , Schoop to second on wild pitch by Iglesias . Candelario lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 5 - Angels 7 .	Ohtani , backed by Ward 's slam , leads Angels past Tigers 7 - 5