Tigers - Top 1st . Allen pitching for Indians . Grossman walked . Schoop grounded into double play , second to first , Grossman out at second . Candelario grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Hernandez lined out to third . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Rosario flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Allen pitching for Indians . Cabrera singled to right center . Cameron lined out to center . Haase walked , Cabrera to second . Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Allen . Short hit sacrifice fly to left , Cabrera scored . Haase to second on passed ball by Rivera . Castro hit ground rule double to right , Haase scored . Hill struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Bradley lined out to right . Ramírez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Short . Clement grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramírez out at second . Zimmer tripled to deep center , Clement scored . Rivera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 3rd . Allen pitching for Indians . Grossman grounded out to third . Schoop struck out swinging . Candelario flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Chang struck out swinging . Hernandez singled to left . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hernandez out at second . Rosario grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Allen pitching for Indians . Cabrera flied out to center . Cameron struck out swinging . Haase homered to left ( 442 feet ) . Sandlin pitching for Indians . Short singled to center . Castro walked , Short to second . Hill walked , Castro to second , Short to third . Grossman popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Bradley struck out swinging . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . Clement singled to center . Zimmer hit by pitch , Clement to second . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Wittgren pitching for Indians . Schoop reached on infield single to shortstop . Candelario lined into double play , third to first , Schoop out at first . Cabrera homered to right ( 383 feet ) . Cameron grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Chang lined out to center . Hernandez grounded out to second . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Clase pitching for Indians . Haase safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Chang . Short doubled to deep left , Haase to third . Castro struck out looking . Hill singled to shallow center , Haase scored and Short scored . Hill stole second . Grossman grounded out to pitcher , Hill to third . Schoop singled to right , Hill scored . Candelario grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 6th . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Rosario struck out looking . Bradley struck out swinging . Ramírez safe at first on fielding error by center fielder Hill , Ramírez safe at second on error . Clement grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 7th . Mercado in center field . Karinchak pitching for Indians . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Cameron walked . Haase flied out to right . Short struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Mercado struck out looking . Miller hit for Rivera . Miller struck out swinging . Chang popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 7 - Indians 1 .	Cabrera hits 494th homer , Tigers sweep DH from Indians