Rangers - Top 1st . Mize pitching for Tigers . Holt fouled out to left . Lowe flied out to center . García grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Gibson pitching for Rangers . Baddoo fouled out to third . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . Grossman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Mize pitching for Tigers . Gallo struck out swinging . Heim grounded out to third . White flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Gibson pitching for Rangers . Cabrera lined out to center . Candelario grounded out to pitcher . Haase grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Mize pitching for Tigers . Dahl grounded out to second . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to pitcher . Martin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Gibson pitching for Rangers . Castro struck out swinging . Paredes singled to center . Reyes singled to right , Reyes to second , Paredes thrown out at third . Baddoo homered to right ( 352 feet ) , Reyes scored . Schoop grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Mize pitching for Tigers . Holt singled to shallow center . Lowe struck out swinging . García flied out to right . Gallo popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Gibson pitching for Rangers . Grossman grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to third . Candelario singled to center . Haase singled to right , Candelario to second . Castro singled to right , Haase to second , Candelario thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Heim struck out swinging . White struck out swinging . Dahl doubled to left . Kiner - Falefa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Gibson pitching for Rangers . Paredes doubled to left . Reyes grounded out to second , Paredes to third . Baddoo walked . Schoop singled to right , Paredes scored , Baddoo to second . Grossman hit by pitch , Schoop to second , Baddoo to third . Cabrera doubled to deep left , Baddoo scored , Grossman scored and Schoop scored , Cabrera to third . Candelario grounded out to shortstop . Haase grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Norris pitching for Tigers . Martin fouled out to catcher . Holt struck out looking . Lowe grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Gibson pitching for Rangers . Castro walked . Paredes singled to right center , Castro to second . Short ran for Paredes . Martin pitching for Rangers . Reyes singled to right center , Short to second , Castro to third . Baddoo singled to center , Castro scored and Short scored , Reyes to third . Schoop singled to center , Reyes scored , Baddoo to second . Grossman singled to left , Schoop to second , Baddoo to third . Cabrera singled to left , Baddoo scored and Schoop scored , Grossman to second . Barlow pitching for Rangers . Candelario walked , Cabrera to second , Grossman to third . Haase walked , Grossman scored , Candelario to second , Cabrera to third . Castro hit sacrifice fly to left , Cabrera scored on error , Candelario safe at third on throwing error by left fielder Martin . Short grounded into double play , third to second to first , Haase out at second . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Short at third base . Farmer pitching for Tigers . García singled to center . Gallo struck out looking . Heim hit by pitch , García to second . White struck out swinging . Dahl struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Rodríguez pitching for Rangers . Reyes reached on infield single to third , Reyes safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Rodríguez . Baddoo flied out to right . Schoop walked . Grossman singled to left , Schoop to second , Reyes to third . Greiner hit for Cabrera . Greiner struck out swinging . Candelario walked , Reyes scored , Grossman to second , Schoop to third . Santana pitching for Rangers . Haase popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 8th . Greiner catching . Haase at first base . Krol pitching for Tigers . Kiner - Falefa singled to right . Martin grounded out to second , Kiner - Falefa to second . Holt flied out to center . Lowe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Ibáñez at second base . Hicks catching . White in right field . Kennedy pitching for Rangers . Castro doubled to deep left . Short popped out to right . Reyes singled to right , Castro to third . Baddoo struck out swinging . Schoop popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Krol pitching for Tigers . García struck out swinging . Ibáñez grounded out to third . Hicks flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 0 - Tigers 14 .	Cabrera drives in 5 in Detroit 's 14 - 0 rout of Texas