White Sox - Top 1st . Manning pitching for Tigers . Robert struck out swinging . García walked . Abreu walked , García to second . Grandal struck out looking , García caught stealing third , catcher to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Baddoo struck out swinging . Schoop singled to center . Grossman popped out to second . Cabrera singled to right , Schoop to second . Candelario flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Manning pitching for Tigers . Jiménez reached on infield single to shortstop . Moncada grounded out to shortstop , Jiménez to second . Vaughn fouled out to right , Jiménez to third . Hernandez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Paredes walked . Haase grounded into double play , pitcher to second to shortstop to first , Paredes out at second . Goodrum walked . Castro reached on infield single to shortstop , Goodrum to second . Baddoo singled to left , Goodrum scored , Baddoo to second , Castro to third . Schoop grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Manning pitching for Tigers . Collins flied out to center . Robert grounded out to shortstop . García flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Grossman struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Candelario grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Manning pitching for Tigers . Abreu lined out to right . Grandal homered to center ( 414 feet ) . Jiménez walked . Moncada walked , Jiménez to second . Vaughn walked , Moncada to second , Jiménez to third . Hernandez doubled to left , Jiménez scored and Moncada scored , Vaughn to third . Collins singled to deep right , Vaughn scored and Hernandez scored . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Robert doubled to deep center , Collins scored . García singled to left , Robert to third . Abreu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , García out at second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Paredes lined out to shortstop . Haase singled to left . Goodrum grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Haase out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Grandal grounded out to second . Jiménez singled to right . Moncada lined out to second . Vaughn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Castro flied out to center . Baddoo grounded out to second . Schoop homered to left ( 375 feet ) . Grossman singled to left center . Cabrera grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Krol pitching for Tigers . Hernandez grounded out to second . Collins walked . Robert grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Collins out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Burr pitching for White Sox . Candelario walked . Paredes struck out swinging . Haase lined out to center . Goodrum walked , Candelario to second . Castro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Krol pitching for Tigers . García singled to left . Abreu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , García out at second . Grandal walked . Jiménez homered to center ( 432 feet ) , Grandal scored . Moncada struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Baddoo fouled out to third . Schoop grounded out to pitcher . Grossman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Foley pitching for Tigers . Vaughn grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez flied out to center . Collins doubled to right . Robert grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Wright Jr. pitching for White Sox . Cabrera doubled to deep left . Short ran for Cabrera . Candelario walked . Paredes hit by pitch , Candelario to second , Short to third . Crochet pitching for White Sox . Haase singled to left , Candelario scored and Short scored , Paredes to third . Goodrum tripled to right , Paredes scored and Haase scored . Castro struck out swinging . Cameron hit for Baddoo . Cameron walked . Schoop hit sacrifice fly to right , Goodrum scored . Grossman safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Moncada , Cameron safe at third on error . Short fouled out to first . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 9th . Cameron in center field . Short as designated hitter . Lange pitching for Tigers . García flied out to center . Abreu hit by pitch . Abreu out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Grandal doubled to right . Jiménez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Hamilton in left field . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Candelario singled to right . Paredes lined out to left . Haase struck out swinging . Goodrum struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 8 - Tigers 7 .	White Sox hold off Tigers with 8 - 7 win after benches clear