Nationals - Top 1st . Teheran pitching for Braves . Span singled to left . Desmond fouled out to second . Werth flied out to right . Harper doubled to deep right , Span scored . Zimmerman lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Cole pitching for Nationals . Markakis singled to center . Simmons fouled out to first . Freeman singled to center , Markakis to third . Pierzynski hit sacrifice fly to right , Markakis scored . Freeman to second on wild pitch by Cole . Callaspo doubled to deep right center , Freeman scored . Johnson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Lobatón singled to left . Espinosa singled to right , Lobatón to second . Uggla popped out to first . Cole grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Espinosa out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Cole pitching for Nationals . Peterson singled to center . Maybin singled to right , Peterson to second . Teherán sacrificed to pitcher , Peterson to third , Maybin to second . Markakis intentionally walked . Simmons singled to left , Peterson and Maybin scored , Markakis to second . Freeman lined out to right . Pierzynski singled to left , Markakis to third , Simmons to second . Callaspo safe at second on error by pitcher Cole , Markakis and Simmons scored , Pierzynski to third . Johnson doubled to center , Pierzynski and Callaspo scored . Peterson singled to center , Johnson scored . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 3rd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Span doubled to left . Desmond grounded out to first , Span to third . Werth hit sacrifice fly to center , Span scored . Harper struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Teherán grounded out to shortstop . Markakis flied out to left . Simmons grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Lobatón lined out to right . Espinosa hit by pitch . Uggla singled to center , Espinosa to third . Roark struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Freeman doubled to deep center . Pierzynski singled to center , Freeman scored . Callaspo singled to right center , Pierzynski to second . Johnson grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Callaspo out at second , Pierzynski to third . Peterson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Span doubled to right . Desmond safe at first on error by third baseman Callaspo , Span to third . Werth hit sacrifice fly to right , Span scored . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman singled to left , Desmond to second . Lobatón homered to center ( 408 feet ) , Desmond and Zimmerman scored . Espinosa grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 5th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Maybin singled to right . Teherán sacrificed to first , Maybin to second . Markakis flied out to right . Simmons flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Uggla lined out to right . Roark grounded out to pitcher . Span homered to right ( 376 feet ) . Kohn pitching for Braves . Desmond walked . Werth struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Freeman singled to right . Pierzynski doubled to deep center , Freeman scored . Callaspo walked . Thornton pitching for Nationals . Gomes hit for Johnson . Gomes flied out to left . Peterson grounded out to first , Pierzynski to third , Callaspo to second . Maybin walked . Johnson hit for Kohn . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Gomes in left field . Avilán pitching for Braves . Harper walked . Zimmerman grounded out to second , Harper to second . Lobatón walked . Espinosa grounded out to third , Harper to third , Lobatón to second . Uggla tripled to deep right center , Harper and Lobatón scored . Johnson hit for Thornton . Johnson hit ground rule double to deep right , Uggla scored . Fister ran for Johnson . Span flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Markakis grounded out to second . Simmons walked . Freeman singled to right , Simmons to third . Pierzynski singled to right , Simmons scored , Freeman to second . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pierzynski out at second , Freeman to third . Gomes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Johnson pitching for Braves . Desmond grounded out to third . Werth struck out looking . Harper grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Peterson grounded out to pitcher . Maybin walked . Young Jr. hit for Johnson . Maybin stole second . Young Jr. grounded out to pitcher , Maybin to third . Markakis walked . Simmons lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Grilli pitching for Braves . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Lobatón singled to center . Espinosa walked , Lobatón to second . Uggla homered to left center ( 438 feet ) , Lobatón and Espinosa scored . Robinson hit for Treinen . Robinson struck out looking . Span doubled to deep left . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Freeman flied out to left . Pierzynski walked . Bethancourt ran for Pierzynski . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bethancourt out at second . Gomes lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 13 - Braves 12 .	Uggla 's 3 - run homer helps Nats complete biggest rally