Braves - Top 1st . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Peterson struck out looking . Gosselin singled to right . Freeman lined into double play , to first , Gosselin doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Teheran pitching for Braves . Gordon reached on infield single to pitcher . Prado lined out to left . Stanton grounded out to second , Gordon to third . Ozuna singled to center , Gordon scored . Yelich walked , Ozuna to second . Morse struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Markakis singled to left . Simmons struck out looking . Cunningham singled to center , Markakis to second . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Markakis to third , Cunningham safe at second on error by shortstop Hechavarría . Bethancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Markakis out at home , Cunningham to third , Maybin to second . Teherán singled to center , Cunningham and Maybin scored , Bethancourt out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Realmuto grounded out to second . Hechavarría flied out to right . Phelps singled to center . Gordon singled to left center , Phelps to second . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Phelps out at third , Gordon to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Peterson struck out swinging . Gosselin singled to center . Freeman singled to right , Gosselin to third . Markakis struck out looking . Simmons flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Stanton homered to left center ( 392 feet ) . Ozuna grounded out to first . Yelich singled to center . Morse struck out swinging . Yelich stole second . Realmuto lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Cunningham doubled to right . Maybin doubled to right , Cunningham scored . Bethancourt lined out to right , Maybin to third . Teherán grounded out to third . Peterson struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Hechavarría singled to left . Phelps sacrificed to pitcher , Hechavarría to second . Gordon grounded out to second , Hechavarría to third . Prado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Gosselin doubled to left . Freeman struck out looking . Markakis lined out to left . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Stanton struck out swinging . Ozuna singled to left . Yelich grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ozuna out at second . Morse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Cunningham struck out looking . Maybin struck out looking . Bethancourt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . Hechavarría grounded out to third . Suzuki hit for Phelps . Suzuki singled to center . Avilán pitching for Braves . Gordon singled to center , Suzuki to third . Cunniff pitching for Braves . Prado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Young Jr. hit for Cunniff . Young Jr. singled to right , Young Jr. to second on error by right fielder Stanton . Peterson grounded out to first , Young Jr. to third . Gosselin bunt popped into double play , pitcher to third , Young Jr. doubled off third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Martin pitching for Braves . Stanton homered to center ( 474 feet ) . Ozuna flied out to right . Yelich struck out looking . Morse lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Freeman flied out to left . Markakis doubled to deep right . Morris pitching for Marlins . Simmons reached on infield single to third . Cunningham singled to center , Markakis scored , Simmons to second . Maybin lined out to right . Simmons stole third , Cunningham stole second . Bethancourt struck out swinging , Bethancourt safe at first on wild pitch by Morris , Simmons scored , Cunningham to third . Ciriaco hit for Martin . Ciriaco lined out to right . Martin batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Johnson pitching for Braves . Realmuto doubled to deep center . Hechavarría grounded out to second , Realmuto to third . Bour hit for Morris . Bour struck out looking . Gordon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Hand pitching for Marlins . Peterson grounded out to second . Gosselin lined out to second . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Grilli pitching for Braves . Prado grounded out to second . Stanton walked . Stanton to second on wild pitch by Grilli . Ozuna flied out to left . Yelich grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 5 - Marlins 3 .	Cunningham helps Braves beat Marlins 5 - 3 in 1st MLB start