Braves - Top 1st . Kendrick pitching for Rockies . Peterson lined out to center . Maybin singled to right center . Markakis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Maybin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Blackmon struck out swinging . Brigham pitching for Braves . Arenado doubled to deep left . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Rosario doubled to deep right center , Arenado scored . González doubled to deep right , Rosario scored . LeMahieu lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Hale pitching for Rockies . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Uribe grounded out to second . Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Brigham pitching for Braves . Hundley lined out to shortstop . Stubbs homered to right center ( 409 feet ) . Hale singled to right . Blackmon singled to left center , Hale to second . Arenado singled to right , Hale to third , Blackmon to second . Tulowitzki hit sacrifice fly to left , Hale scored . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Arenado out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Hale pitching for Rockies . Johnson hit ground rule double to deep center . Simmons lined out to left . Brigham sacrificed to catcher , Johnson to third . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Peterson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Brigham pitching for Braves . González doubled to deep left . LeMahieu grounded out to second , González to third . Hundley grounded out to third . Stubbs intentionally walked . Friedrich grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Maybin grounded out to third . Markakis singled to right center . Johnson singled to left , Markakis to second . Uribe grounded into double play , second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Brigham pitching for Braves . Blackmon grounded out to third . Arenado singled to center . Tulowitzki singled to center , Arenado to second . Rosario grounded into double play , third to first , Arenado out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Pierzynski lined out to right . Johnson singled to left . Simmons singled to right , Johnson to second . Gomes hit for Brigham . Gomes walked , Johnson to third , Simmons to second . Peterson doubled to deep right , Johnson and Simmons scored , Gomes to third . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Maybin hit sacrifice fly to right , Gomes scored , Peterson to third . Markakis struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . González doubled to deep left . LeMahieu singled to right , González to third . Hundley doubled to deep right , González scored , LeMahieu to third . Stubbs struck out swinging . Paulsen hit for Oberg . Paulsen struck out swinging . Blackmon popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Johnson singled to right center . Uribe struck out swinging . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Johnson singled to left , Johnson to second . Simmons flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Arenado flied out to left . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Pérez hit for Foltynewicz . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Pérez struck out looking . Peterson singled to center . Maybin struck out swinging . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Carpenter pitching for Braves . González grounded out to first . LeMahieu singled to right . Hundley singled to shallow left , LeMahieu to second . Stubbs struck out looking . Barnes hit for Betancourt . Barnes lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Johnson struck out looking . Uribe grounded out to second . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Aardsma pitching for Braves . Blackmon singled to center . Arenado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blackmon out at second . Tulowitzki walked . Descalso ran for Tulowitzki . Rosario struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Descalso at shortstop . Axford pitching for Rockies . Johnson struck out swinging . Simmons safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Axford . Ciriaco hit for Aardsma . Ciriaco lined out to right . Simmons to second on fielder 's indifference . Peterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 3 - Rockies 5 .	Gonzalez hits 3 doubles , Rockies top Braves 5 - 3