Rockies - Top 1st . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Reyes flied out to right . LeMahieu singled to center . Blackmon singled to right center , LeMahieu to second . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LeMahieu scored on error by third baseman García , Blackmon safe at third on error by third baseman García . Paulsen hit sacrifice fly to left , Blackmon scored . Hundley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Arenado out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 1st . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Markakis singled to right . Swisher struck out swinging . Freeman struck out swinging . Markakis caught stealing second , catcher to third to first to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . McBride flied out to left . Parker grounded out to first . Bettis singled to center . Reyes lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Pierzynski flied out to left . García grounded out to second . Peterson reached on infield single to second . Simmons grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . LeMahieu singled to right . Blackmon flied out to center . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LeMahieu out at second . Paulsen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Bourn grounded out to first . Foltynewicz struck out swinging . Markakis walked . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Hundley safe at first on error by third baseman García . McBride hit by pitch , Hundley to second . Parker grounded out to third , Hundley to third , McBride to second . Bettis walked . Reyes struck out swinging . LeMahieu singled to right center , Hundley and McBride scored , Bettis to third . Blackmon lined out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 4th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Freeman grounded out to pitcher . Pierzynski doubled to deep center . García grounded out to first , Pierzynski to third . Peterson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Arenado flied out to left . Paulsen safe at first on error by third baseman García . Hundley struck out swinging . McBride lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 5th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Simmons singled to center . Bourn walked , Simmons to second . Gomes hit for Foltynewicz . Gomes popped out to first . Markakis singled to right center , Simmons scored , Bourn to third . Swisher fouled out to third . Freeman grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Marimon pitching for Braves . Parker struck out swinging . Rusin hit for Bettis . Rusin grounded out to second . Reyes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Díaz pitching for Rockies . Pierzynski lined out to center . García lined out to center . Peterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Ray Marimon pitching for Braves . LeMahieu lined out to right . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Simmons walked . Bourn walked , Simmons to second . Ciriaco hit for Marimon . Ciriaco grounded into double play , third to second , Simmons out at third , Bourn out at second , Ciriaco to first . Markakis walked , Ciriaco to second . Ciriaco to third , Markakis to second on wild pitch by Kahnle . Swisher walked . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Moylan pitching for Braves . Paulsen grounded out to second . Hundley struck out looking . McBride singled to center . Parker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Oberg pitching for Rockies . García flied out to center . Peterson singled to left . Simmons reached on infield single to shortstop , Peterson to second . Bourn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Marksberry pitching for Braves . Descalso hit for Oberg . Descalso walked . Descalso to second on wild pitch by Marksberry . Reyes walked . LeMahieu hit sacrifice fly to right , Descalso scored , Reyes to second . Blackmon lined out to left . Arenado intentionally walked . Paulsen popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Axford pitching for Rockies . Bethancourt hit for Marksberry . Bethancourt struck out swinging . Markakis grounded out to second . Swisher grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Braves 1 .	Bettis solid , Rockies get 4 unearned runs to beat Braves 5 - 1