Marlins - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Braves . Gordon grounded out to second . Yelich singled to center . Prado lined out to center . Bour grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Conley pitching for Marlins . Maybin struck out swinging . Simmons struck out looking . Freeman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Braves . Ozuna walked . Suzuki lined out to center . Hechavarría reached on bunt single to catcher , Ozuna to second . Rojas ran for Hechavarría . Mathis doubled to deep left , Ozuna scored , Rojas to second , Rojas thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Conley singled to center , Mathis scored . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Rojas at shortstop . Conley pitching for Marlins . García walked . Swisher singled to center , García to second . Olivera struck out swinging . Bethancourt popped out to second . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Swisher out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Braves . Yelich lined out to center . Prado singled to center . Bour grounded out to pitcher , Prado to second . Ozuna grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Pérez walked . Maybin reached on infield single to shortstop , Pérez to second . Simmons grounded out to second , Pérez to third , Maybin to second . Freeman walked . García hit sacrifice fly to center , Pérez scored . Swisher hit by pitch , Maybin to third , Freeman to second . Olivera singled to left , Maybin and Freeman scored , Swisher to second . Bethancourt popped out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Braves . Suzuki doubled to deep center . Rojas grounded out to second , Suzuki to third . Mathis hit sacrifice fly to center , Suzuki scored . Conley grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Castro flied out to right . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . Maybin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Braves . Gordon singled to right . Yelich singled to right , Gordon to third . Prado hit sacrifice fly to deep right , Gordon scored , Yelich to second , Prado to first on error by right fielder Swisher . Bour grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Prado out at second , Yelich to third . Ozuna homered to left ( 387 feet ) , Yelich scored . Suzuki grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 5th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Simmons grounded out to pitcher . Freeman grounded out to second . García doubled to deep left . Swisher grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Jackson pitching for Braves . Rojas lined out to first . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . Gillespie hit for Conley . Gillespie lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Olivera walked . Bethancourt struck out swinging . Castro grounded into double play , third to second to first , Olivera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Jackson pitching for Braves . Gordon struck out swinging . Yelich doubled to deep left center . Prado singled to left center , Yelich scored . Bour grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Prado out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Lavarnway hit for Jackson . Lavarnway lined out to third . Maybin struck out swinging . Simmons grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Cunniff pitching for Braves . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Rojas singled to deep right , Suzuki to third . Rojas to second on wild pitch by Cunniff . Mathis struck out swinging . McGehee hit for Dunn . McGehee grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Morris pitching for Marlins . Freeman hit by pitch . García grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Freeman out at second . Swisher reached on infield single to second . Olivera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Swisher out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Vizcaíno pitching for Braves . Gordon struck out swinging . Yelich doubled to left . Prado struck out swinging . Bour grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Bethancourt popped out to pitcher . Castro struck out swinging . Peterson hit for Vizcaíno . Peterson walked . Maybin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 7 - Braves 3 .	Ozuna , Prado help Marlins top Braves 8 - 3 in 3 - game sweep