Braves - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Markakis walked . Maybin grounded out to pitcher , Markakis to second . Freeman walked . Pierzynski lined into double play , second to shortstop , Markakis doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Wisler pitching for Braves . Werth flied out to right . Rendon grounded out to third . Harper walked . Zimmerman doubled to deep right center , Harper to third . Robinson singled to center , Harper and Zimmerman scored . Escobar struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Swisher walked . Swisher to second on balk by Zimmermann . Swisher to third on wild pitch by Zimmermann . Peterson struck out looking . Olivera grounded out to shortstop , Swisher scored . Simmons grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Wisler pitching for Braves . Desmond doubled to deep left . Desmond to third on wild pitch by Wisler . Ramos doubled to deep right , Desmond scored . Zimmermann bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ramos out at third . Werth singled to right , Zimmermann to second . Rendon hit by pitch , Zimmermann to third , Werth to second . Harper walked , Zimmermann scored , Werth to third , Rendon to second . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to center , Werth scored . Robinson walked , Rendon to third , Harper to second . Marimon pitching for Braves . Escobar singled to left , Rendon and Harper scored , Robinson to second . Desmond struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Marimon struck out swinging . Markakis grounded out to first . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Ray Marimon pitching for Braves . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Zimmermann singled to right . Werth grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zimmermann out at second . Rendon singled to center , Werth to second . McKirahan pitching for Braves . Harper walked , Werth to third , Rendon to second . Zimmerman singled to right , Werth and Rendon scored , Harper to third . Robinson singled to shallow left center , Harper scored , Zimmerman to second . Escobar reached on infield single to second , Zimmerman to third , Robinson to second . Kelly pitching for Braves . Desmond struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Freeman lined out to left . Pierzynski singled to right . Swisher struck out swinging . Peterson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Kelly pitching for Braves . Ramos singled to center . Zimmermann flied out to center . Werth fouled out to first . Rendon lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Olivera fouled out to first . Simmons grounded out to second . Castro hit for Kelly . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Detwiler pitching for Braves . Harper walked . Zimmerman doubled to deep left , Harper scored . Robinson struck out looking . Escobar walked . Desmond walked , Zimmerman to third , Escobar to second . Ramos hit sacrifice fly to right , Zimmerman scored . Zimmermann struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Markakis struck out swinging . Maybin singled to left . Freeman walked , Maybin to second . Pierzynski grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Freeman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Burawa pitching for Braves . Lavarnway catching . Moore hit for Werth . Moore doubled to deep center . Rendon walked . den Dekker hit for Harper . den Dekker flied out to left . Espinosa hit for Zimmerman . Espinosa singled to shallow left , Moore to third , Rendon to second . Robinson hit sacrifice fly to left , Moore scored , Rendon to third , Espinosa to second . Escobar singled to left center , Rendon scored , Espinosa to third . Desmond grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Moore at first base . den Dekker in center field . Espinosa in left field . Robinson in right field . Solis pitching for Nationals . Turner at shortstop . Swisher struck out looking . Peterson struck out looking . Olivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . García in left field . Moylan pitching for Braves . Swisher at first base . Ramos struck out swinging . Turner reached on infield single to second . Moore grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Turner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Solís pitching for Nationals . Simmons lined out to right . Lavarnway struck out looking . Markakis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Marksberry pitching for Braves . Rendon struck out swinging . den Dekker grounded out to second . Espinosa homered to left ( 386 feet ) . Robinson struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Martin pitching for Nationals . Maybin walked . García struck out swinging . Bethancourt hit for Marksberry . Bethancourt struck out swinging . Swisher walked , Maybin to second . Peterson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 1 - Nationals 15 .	Ryan Zimmerman stays hot as Nationals rout Braves 15 - 1