Braves - Top 1st . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Markakis doubled to deep left . Olivera reached on infield single to pitcher , Markakis to third . Freeman hit by pitch , Olivera to second . Swisher grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Markakis scored , Freeman out at second , Olivera to third . Peterson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Teheran pitching for Braves . Hernández flied out to left . Herrera flied out to left . Altherr grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Simmons flied out to center . Bethancourt singled to left . Bourn flied out to right . Teherán reached on infield single to third , Bethancourt to second . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Howard grounded out to second . Sweeney tripled to deep right . Asche grounded out to pitcher , Sweeney scored . Rupp flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Olivera singled to center . Freeman singled to left , Olivera to second . Swisher grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Freeman out at second , Olivera to third . Peterson walked . Simmons grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Galvis singled to center . Buchanan grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Galvis out at second . Hernández lined out to center . Herrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Bethancourt homered to right center ( 397 feet ) . Bourn singled to left . Teherán sacrificed to third , Bourn to second . Markakis walked . Olivera singled to right , Bourn to third , Markakis to second . Freeman singled to right , Bourn and Markakis scored , Olivera to third . Swisher walked , Freeman to second . Williams pitching for Phillies . Peterson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Swisher out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Altherr grounded out to second . Howard grounded out to first . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Simmons reached on bunt single to third . Bethancourt lined out to right . Bourn singled to right , Simmons to second . Teherán sacrificed to pitcher , Simmons to third , Bourn to second . Markakis intentionally walked . Olivera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Asche popped out to third . Rupp lined out to center . Galvis singled to right center . Bogusevic hit for Williams . Bogusevic fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Roberts pitching for Phillies . Freeman walked . Swisher doubled to deep left center , Freeman to third . Peterson grounded out to shortstop . Simmons hit sacrifice fly to center , Freeman scored . Bethancourt grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Hernández grounded out to second . Herrera flied out to center . Altherr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Roberts pitching for Phillies . Bourn reached on infield single to second . Teherán sacrificed to third , Bourn to second . Markakis singled to right , Bourn scored . Hinojosa pitching for Phillies . Olivera struck out swinging . Freeman grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Howard lined out to right . Sweeney walked . Asche flied out to center . Rupp singled to right , Sweeney to third . Galvis walked , Rupp to second . Blanco hit for Hinojosa . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Ogando pitching for Phillies . Swisher popped out to shortstop . Peterson singled to center . Simmons flied out to center . Bethancourt singled to center , Peterson to second . Bourn tripled to deep left center , Peterson and Bethancourt scored . Cunningham hit for Teherán . Cunningham struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Jackson pitching for Braves . Cunningham in left field . Hernández lined out to left . Herrera walked . Altherr flied out to right . Herrera to second on fielder 's indifference . Howard grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Loewen pitching for Phillies . Markakis flied out to left . Olivera walked . Freeman struck out swinging . Ciriaco hit for Jackson . Ciriaco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Kelly pitching for Braves . Ciriaco at third base . Sweeney popped out to second . Asche fouled out to left . Rupp popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 8 - Phillies 1 .	Teheran goes 7 strong , Braves beat Phillies 8 - 1