Blue Jays - Top 1st . Miller pitching for Braves . Revere singled to center . Donaldson struck out swinging . Bautista doubled to deep left center , Revere scored . Encarnación singled to left , Bautista to third . Martin doubled to left , Bautista and Encarnación scored , Martin to third on throwing error by shortstop Simmons . Goins hit sacrifice fly to center , Martin scored . Pillar fouled out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 1st . Price pitching for Blue Jays . Markakis doubled to right . Castro grounded out to first , Markakis to third . Freeman hit sacrifice fly to left , Markakis scored . García lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Miller pitching for Braves . Pennington struck out swinging . Price grounded out to shortstop . Revere safe at first on error by shortstop Simmons . Donaldson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Price pitching for Blue Jays . Swisher walked . Maybin struck out looking . Simmons struck out looking . Bethancourt doubled to left , Swisher to third . Miller popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Miller pitching for Braves . Bautista grounded out to second . Encarnación singled to center . Martin struck out swinging . Goins singled to left , Encarnación to second . Pillar popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Price pitching for Blue Jays . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . Castro grounded out to third . Freeman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Miller pitching for Braves . Pennington walked . Pennington to second on balk by Miller . Price grounded out to second , Pennington to third . Revere hit sacrifice fly to right , Pennington scored . Donaldson doubled to left . Bautista walked . Marimon pitching for Braves . Encarnación walked , Donaldson to third , Bautista to second . Martin grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Price pitching for Blue Jays . García struck out swinging . Swisher singled to center . Maybin struck out swinging . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Swisher out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Ray Marimon pitching for Braves . Goins walked . Pillar doubled to deep left , Goins to third . Pennington grounded out to second , Goins scored , Pillar to third . Price grounded out to third . Revere doubled to right , Pillar scored . Donaldson popped out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Price pitching for Blue Jays . Bethancourt walked . Lavarnway hit for Marimon . Lavarnway walked , Bethancourt to second . Markakis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to third , Lavarnway out at second , Bethancourt out at third , Markakis to first . Castro singled to right , Markakis to second . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Burawa pitching for Braves . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Encarnación singled to right . Martin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Encarnación out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Price pitching for Blue Jays . García struck out swinging . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . Maybin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Burawa pitching for Braves . Goins walked . Pillar hit by pitch , Goins to second . Pennington grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goins out at third , Pillar to second . Price grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pennington out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Price pitching for Blue Jays . Simmons struck out swinging . Bethancourt singled to right . Olivera hit for Burawa . Olivera lined out to left . Markakis singled to left , Bethancourt to second . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Kelly pitching for Braves . Revere grounded out to second . Donaldson grounded out to third . Bautista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Freeman walked . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . García struck out swinging . Swisher struck out swinging . Maybin grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Kelly pitching for Braves . Encarnación walked . Kawasaki ran for Encarnación . Martin homered to center ( 420 feet ) , Kawasaki scored . Goins grounded out to first . Pillar singled to center . Pennington struck out looking . Carrera hit for Hendriks . Carrera grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Barney at second base . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Smoak at first base . Pennington at third base . Carrera in right field . Simmons struck out looking . Bethancourt singled to left . Peterson hit for Kelly . Peterson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bethancourt out at second . Markakis lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 9 - Braves 1 .	Price wins again , 1st - place Blue Jays top Braves 9 - 1