Rockies - Top 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop . Gonzalez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Smith struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Weeks reached on infield single to third . Gomez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Weeks out at second . Braun safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki . Fielder singled to left center , Braun to third . Edmonds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher . Hawpe hit ground rule double to deep right center . Iannetta fouled out to third . Hawpe scored on Gallardo 's wild pitch . Stewart homered to center ( 432 feet ) . Barmes struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . McGehee singled to center . Zaun grounded into double play , first to shortstop , McGehee out at second . Escobar safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Stewart . Gallardo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Jimenez safe at first on throwing error by catcher Zaun . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jimenez out at second . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Weeks walked . Gomez singled to left , Weeks to second . Braun struck out swinging . Fielder grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gomez out at second , Weeks to third . Edmonds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Helton safe at first on error by third baseman McGehee . Tulowitzki lined out to center . Hawpe walked , Helton to second . Iannetta walked , Helton to third , Hawpe to second . Stewart hit sacrifice fly to center , Helton scored . Barmes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Iannetta out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . McGehee grounded out to shortstop . Zaun grounded out to first . Escobar lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Jimenez grounded out to first . Gonzalez singled to right . Smith struck out swinging . Helton singled to right , Gonzalez to second . Tulowitzki singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Helton to second . Hawpe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tulowitzki out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Gallardo struck out looking . Weeks struck out looking . Gomez singled to center . Gomez stole second . Braun doubled to deep left , Gomez scored . Fielder struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Iannetta popped out to shortstop . Stewart grounded out to second . Barmes lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Edmonds singled to right center . McGehee singled to left , Edmonds to second . Zaun flied out to center . Escobar lined into double play , left to second , Edmonds doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Fowler hit for Jimenez . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Fowler struck out swinging . Gonzalez singled to center . Smith grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez in left field . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Fowler in center field . Counsell hit for Gallardo . Counsell grounded out to shortstop . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Gomez homered to left ( 372 feet ) . Braun reached on bunt single to shortstop . Flores pitching for Rockies . Fielder singled to deep left center , Braun to second . Edmonds walked , Braun to third , Fielder to second . Daley pitching for Rockies . McGehee popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Counsell at third base . Helton doubled to left . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Hawpe flied out to left . Iannetta intentionally walked . Stewart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Zaun grounded out to second . Escobar struck out swinging . Counsell flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Barmes flied out to center . Fowler grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez singled to center . Spilborghs hit for Betancourt . Spilborghs doubled to deep left , Gonzalez scored . Helton fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Weeks hit by pitch . Weeks to second on wild pitch by Morales . Gomez doubled to right , Weeks to third . Braun hit sacrifice fly to right , Weeks scored , Gomez to third . Fielder lined out to shortstop . Edmonds lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Brewers 3 .	Jimenez 's fastball , Stewart 's bat pace Rockies