Rockies - Top 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez singled to center . Fowler doubled to deep right , Gonzalez to third . Giambi hit sacrifice fly to left , Gonzalez scored , Fowler to third . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop , Fowler scored . Hawpe reached on infield single to pitcher . Mora singled to right , Hawpe to second . Iannetta walked , Hawpe to third , Mora to second . Barmes flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Morgan flied out to center . Guzman struck out looking . Zimmerman walked . Dunn reached on infield single to shortstop , Zimmerman to second . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dunn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Hammel struck out looking . Gonzalez singled to left . Gonzalez stole second . Fowler flied out to right . Giambi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Harris grounded out to second . Kennedy flied out to left . Nieves safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki . Lannan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Hawpe homered to center ( 397 feet ) . Mora grounded out to shortstop . Iannetta grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Morgan reached on bunt single to third . Guzman flied out to left . Zimmerman singled to center , Morgan to second . Dunn doubled to right , Morgan and Zimmerman scored . Willingham singled to center , Dunn scored . Harris struck out looking . Willingham stole second . Kennedy safe at first on error by second baseman Barmes , Willingham scored . Nieves singled to right , Kennedy to third . Lannan struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 4th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Barmes singled to left . Hammel sacrificed to pitcher , Barmes to second . Gonzalez singled to left , Barmes scored . Fowler grounded out to third , Gonzalez to second . Giambi reached on infield single to shortstop , Gonzalez to third . Tulowitzki popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Morgan bunt grounded out to third . Guzman grounded out to second . Zimmerman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Hawpe grounded out to second . Mora grounded out to shortstop . Iannetta flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Dunn flied out to center . Willingham grounded out to third . Harris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Barmes flied out to left . Hammel reached on infield single to pitcher . Gonzalez singled to right , Hammel to second . Fowler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Kennedy struck out swinging . Nieves grounded out to shortstop . Maxwell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Giambi struck out looking . Tulowitzki singled to shallow center . Hawpe fouled out to third . Mora fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Morgan singled to right . Guzman grounded into double play , second to first to second to shortstop , Morgan out at second . Zimmerman doubled to deep right . Desmond ran for Zimmerman . Dunn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Iannetta popped out to second . Barmes struck out swinging . Smith hit for Hammel . Smith walked . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Willingham reached on infield single to third . Harris sacrificed to third , Willingham to second . Kennedy intentionally walked . Nieves doubled to deep center , Willingham scored , Kennedy to third . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to left , Kennedy scored . Beimel pitching for Rockies . Morgan flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Nationals . Fowler struck out looking . Giambi struck out swinging . Tulowitzki singled to center . Hawpe walked , Tulowitzki to second . Spilborghs ran for Hawpe . Stewart struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 4 - Nationals 6 .	Nieves , Pudge rally Lannan , Nats past Rockies