Dodgers - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Furcal singled to center . Anderson walked , Furcal to second . Ramirez flied out to right , Furcal to third . Kemp grounded into double play , third to second to first , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez hit by pitch . Smith singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Helton walked , Gonzalez to third , Smith to second . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez scored , Helton out at second , Smith to third . Hawpe hit sacrifice fly to center , Smith scored . Olivo singled to center , Tulowitzki to third . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Loney grounded out to first . Blake doubled to deep left . DeWitt flied out to left . Ellis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Barmes grounded out to shortstop . Cook struck out looking . Gonzalez homered to right ( 401 feet ) . Smith tripled to deep center . Helton flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Kuroda walked . Furcal singled to left , Kuroda to second . Kuroda picked off second . Anderson flied out to center . Furcal to second on wild pitch by Cook . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to shortstop . Hawpe grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tulowitzki out at second . Olivo safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Furcal . Stewart singled to left , Olivo to third . Barmes singled to left , Olivo scored , Stewart to second . Cook singled to center , Stewart scored , Barmes to third . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Kemp grounded out to third . Loney lined out to shortstop . Blake lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Smith flied out to left . Helton grounded out to third . Tulowitzki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . DeWitt flied out to center . Ellis grounded out to second . Kuroda grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Hawpe singled to center . Olivo singled to left , Hawpe to second . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Stewart walked , Hawpe to third , Olivo to second . Barmes flied out to right . Cook popped out to second . Gonzalez walked , Hawpe scored , Olivo to third , Stewart to second . Smith singled to left , Olivo and Stewart scored , Gonzalez to third . Helton walked , Smith to second . Miller pitching for Dodgers . Tulowitzki fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Furcal lined out to center . Anderson struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Dodgers . Hawpe struck out swinging . Olivo grounded out to third . Stewart lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Kemp tripled to deep center . Loney singled to center , Kemp scored . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Loney safe at second on error by shortstop Tulowitzki . DeWitt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blake out at second , Loney to third . Ellis singled to right , Loney scored , DeWitt to third . Belliard hit for Miller . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Belliard struck out swinging . Furcal singled to left , DeWitt scored , Ellis to second . Flores pitching for Rockies . Anderson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Barmes popped out to second . Fowler hit for Flores . Fowler grounded out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Daley pitching for Rockies . Ramirez flied out to center . Kemp popped out to second . Beimel pitching for Rockies . Loney fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Smith grounded out to shortstop . Helton flied out to center . Tulowitzki walked . Hawpe singled to right , Tulowitzki to second . Olivo tripled to deep left , Tulowitzki and Hawpe scored . Stewart singled to right center , Olivo scored . Barmes flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Blake popped out to shortstop . DeWitt lined out to left . Ellis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 3 - Rockies 11 .	Rockies rout Dodgers