Rockies - Top 1st . Willis pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez flied out to left . Spilborghs walked . Giambi grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Spilborghs out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Johnson struck out swinging . Upton struck out swinging . Drew singled to center . Drew stole second , Drew safe at third on throwing error by catcher Iannetta . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 2nd . Willis pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki singled to center . Hawpe struck out swinging . Tulowitzki stole second . Mora walked . Iannetta flied out to right . Tulowitzki stole third . Barmes lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Reynolds flied out to right . Young flied out to center . Jackson singled to right center . Snyder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Willis pitching for Diamondbacks . Chacin grounded out to second . Gonzalez walked . Spilborghs lined out to right . Giambi hit by pitch , Gonzalez to second . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Willis singled to right . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Willis safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Giambi . Upton struck out looking . Drew singled to left , Willis scored , Johnson to second . LaRoche grounded out to first , Johnson to third , Drew to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 4th . Willis pitching for Diamondbacks . Hawpe grounded out to second . Mora singled to right . Iannetta walked , Mora to second . Barmes popped out to shortstop . Mora stole third , Iannetta stole second . Chacin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Young singled to left . Young stole second . Jackson walked . Snyder grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at third , Jackson to second . Willis flied out to center , Jackson to third . Johnson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Willis pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to left center . Spilborghs singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Giambi struck out swinging . Tulowitzki flied out to center , Gonzalez to third . Hawpe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Upton struck out swinging . Drew grounded out to third . LaRoche grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Willis pitching for Diamondbacks . Mora lined out to third . Iannetta doubled to deep left . Barmes grounded out to third . Chacin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Reynolds struck out swinging . Young walked . Young stole second . Jackson intentionally walked . Young stole third , Jackson to second on wild pitch by Chacin . Snyder struck out looking . Roberts hit for Willis . Roberts doubled to left , Young and Jackson scored . Flores pitching for Rockies . Johnson doubled to deep center , Roberts scored . Upton intentionally walked . Drew struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to center . Spilborghs singled to left , Gonzalez to second . Giambi walked , Gonzalez to third , Spilborghs to second . Tulowitzki hit sacrifice fly to center , Gonzalez scored , Spilborghs to third . Hawpe hit sacrifice fly to left , Spilborghs scored . Mora singled to left , Giambi to second . Iannetta walked , Giambi to third , Mora to second . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Smith hit for Barmes . Smith walked , Giambi scored , Mora to third , Iannetta to second . Stewart hit for Flores . Stewart struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Mora at second base . Morales pitching for Rockies . Stewart at third base . LaRoche struck out swinging . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Reynolds grounded out to third . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop . Giambi popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Jackson lined out to first . Snyder struck out looking . Ryal hit for Heilman . Ryal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Hawpe grounded out to second . Mora grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 3 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Willis works out of trouble to win D - backs debut