Red Sox - Top 1st . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Scutaro flied out to left . Nava grounded out to second . Pedroia doubled to right . Ortiz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Herrera singled to center . Helton walked , Herrera to second . Gonzalez walked , Herrera to third , Helton to second . Hawpe singled to left , Herrera and Helton scored , Gonzalez to second . Smith walked , Gonzalez to third , Hawpe to second . Olivo struck out swinging . Stewart grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gonzalez out at home , Hawpe to third , Smith to second . Barmes struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Beltre walked . Varitek struck out swinging . Cameron flied out to center . Reddick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Hammel struck out looking . Herrera singled to left . Herrera caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Helton fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Matsuzaka grounded out to second . Scutaro flied out to right . Nava grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Gonzalez flied out to left . Hawpe struck out swinging . Smith hit by pitch . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Pedroia homered to left ( 396 feet ) . Ortiz singled to center . Beltre doubled to deep left center , Ortiz to third . Varitek lined out to third . Cameron doubled to deep left center , Ortiz and Beltre scored . Reddick struck out swinging . Matsuzaka singled to right center , Cameron scored . Scutaro singled to left , Matsuzaka to second . Matsuzaka to third , Scutaro to second on balk by Hammel . Nava struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Stewart lined out to center . Barmes safe at first on error by shortstop Scutaro . Nelson hit for Hammel . Nelson singled to center , Barmes to second . Herrera flied out to center . Helton walked , Barmes to third , Nelson to second . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 5th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Pedroia walked . Ortiz flied out to center . Beltre homered to left ( 421 feet ) , Pedroia scored . Varitek flied out to left . Cameron grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . McDonald in right field . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Hawpe lined out to center . Smith reached on infield single to third , Smith to second on throwing error by third baseman Beltre . Olivo popped out to first . Stewart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 6th . Morales pitching for Rockies . McDonald flied out to center . Drew hit for Matsuzaka . Drew grounded out to first . Scutaro popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Barmes singled to left . Spilborghs hit for Morales . Spilborghs singled to right , Barmes to third . Herrera walked , Spilborghs to second . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Helton singled to left center , Barmes and Spilborghs scored , Herrera to second . Gonzalez reached on infield single to third , Herrera to third , Helton to second . Hawpe fouled out to third . Smith popped out to shortstop . Olivo reached on infield single to first , Herrera scored , Helton to third , Gonzalez to second . Stewart singled to center , Helton and Gonzalez scored , Olivo to third . Ramirez pitching for Red Sox . Barmes singled to right center , Olivo scored , Stewart to third . Spilborghs lined out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Beimel pitching for Rockies . Nava singled to center . Pedroia singled to center , Nava to second . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pedroia out at second , Nava to third . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Beltre singled to right , Nava scored , Ortiz to second . Ortiz to third , Beltre to second on passed ball by Olivo . Varitek doubled to deep right , Ortiz and Beltre scored . Cameron fouled out to third . McDonald walked . Martinez hit for Ramirez . Martinez grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Herrera singled to left center . Helton struck out swinging . Herrera caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . Nava struck out swinging , Nava safe at first on wild pitch by Betancourt . Pedroia homered to left ( 385 feet ) , Nava scored . Ortiz grounded out to first . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Youkilis at first base . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Hawpe popped out to third . Smith doubled to deep right center . Olivo fouled out to first . Stewart walked . Giambi hit for Barmes . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Giambi singled to deep left center , Smith scored , Stewart to third , Giambi to second advancing on throw . Mora hit for Betancourt . Cook ran for Giambi . Mora struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Herrera at shortstop . Flores pitching for Rockies . Mora at second base . Varitek popped out to second . Cameron flied out to left . McDonald lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . McDonald in center field . Hall in right field . Herrera struck out swinging . Helton singled to deep right . Gonzalez singled to right , Helton to third . Gonzalez stole second . Hawpe singled to left , Helton and Gonzalez scored . Smith flied out to center . Olivo flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 10th . Street pitching for Rockies . Hall popped out to second . Scutaro reached on infield single to shortstop . Nava flied out to center . Pedroia homered to left ( 373 feet ) , Scutaro scored . Youkilis popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 10th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Stewart lined out to first . Iannetta hit for Street . Iannetta grounded out to third . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 13 - Rockies 11 .	Pedroia 's 3rd HR lifts Red Sox