Rockies - Top 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Fowler struck out swinging . Spilborghs doubled to deep right . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Spilborghs to third . Tulowitzki walked . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Denorfia singled to center . Eckstein grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Denorfia out at second . Ludwick popped out to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Giambi struck out swinging . Olivo singled to right . Barmes popped out to second . De La Rosa grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Olivo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Tejada singled to left center . Headley struck out swinging . Tejada stole second . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tejada out at third . Cunningham hit by pitch , Torrealba to second . Richard flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Fowler grounded out to third . Spilborghs singled to center . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Spilborghs out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Denorfia walked . Eckstein grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Denorfia out at second . Ludwick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Tulowitzki homered to center ( 409 feet ) . Mora struck out swinging . Giambi singled to right . Olivo doubled to deep left , Giambi to third . Barmes intentionally walked . De La Rosa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Barmes out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez walked . Tejada flied out to right . Headley singled to center , Gonzalez to third . Torrealba grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Headley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Fowler flied out to center . Spilborghs walked . Gonzalez singled to center , Spilborghs to second , Spilborghs to third on error by center fielder Denorfia . Tulowitzki grounded out to third , Spilborghs scored , Gonzalez to second . Mora flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Cunningham grounded out to second . Richard grounded out to pitcher . Denorfia doubled to deep left . Eckstein flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Richard pitching for Padres . Giambi grounded out to shortstop . Olivo lined out to right . Barmes hit ground rule double to deep left center . De La Rosa reached on infield single to shortstop , Barmes to third . Fowler grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Helton at first base . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Ludwick flied out to center . Gonzalez hit ground rule double to deep right . Tejada homered to left ( 362 feet ) , Gonzalez scored . Headley struck out swinging . Torrealba lined out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Spilborghs struck out looking . Gonzalez singled to center . Tulowitzki walked , Gonzalez to second . Adams pitching for Padres . Hundley catching . Gonzalez stole third , Tulowitzki stole second . Mora singled to right , Gonzalez and Tulowitzki scored , Mora to second advancing on throw . Helton intentionally walked . Olivo flied out to center , Mora to third . Barmes intentionally walked , Helton to second . Smith hit for De La Rosa . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Smith flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Cunningham struck out swinging . Hundley grounded out to second . Denorfia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Fowler grounded out to second . Spilborghs flied out to center . Gonzalez reached on bunt single to third . Frieri pitching for Padres . Gonzalez stole second , Gonzalez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hundley . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 8th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Eckstein struck out swinging . Ludwick flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Frieri pitching for Padres . Mora popped out to shortstop . Helton walked . Olivo struck out swinging . Barmes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Street pitching for Rockies . Tejada reached on bunt single to pitcher . Headley struck out swinging . Stairs hit for Frieri . Stairs struck out looking . Venable hit for Cunningham . Tejada to second on fielder 's indifference . Venable struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 4 - Padres 2 .	Padres ' skid hits 10