Rockies - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Herrera grounded out to second . Spilborghs popped out to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Drew struck out swinging . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Johnson singled to right . Young walked , Johnson to second . LaRoche grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Giambi grounded out to third . Mora singled to center . Smith flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Reynolds flied out to right . Hester flied out to center . Gillespie reached on infield single to shortstop . Kennedy walked , Gillespie to second . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Iannetta walked . Francis sacrificed to catcher , Iannetta to second . Herrera struck out swinging . Spilborghs singled to center , Iannetta scored . Spilborghs stole second . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Roberts singled to left center . Johnson homered to center ( 427 feet ) , Roberts scored . Young flied out to right . LaRoche flied out to center . Reynolds struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . Giambi grounded out to pitcher . Mora singled to center . Smith walked , Mora to second . Iannetta popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Hester flied out to right . Gillespie singled to center . Allen hit for Kennedy . Allen walked , Gillespie to second . Drew singled to right , Gillespie scored , Allen to third . Roberts struck out swinging . Morales pitching for Rockies . Johnson flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Carrasco pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton hit for Morales . Payton singled to left . Herrera singled to center , Payton to second , Payton to third on error by shortstop Drew . Spilborghs hit sacrifice fly to right , Payton scored . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Herrera out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Young walked . LaRoche flied out to center . Reynolds walked , Young to second . Hester struck out swinging . Gillespie singled to left , Young scored , Reynolds to second . Abreu hit for Carrasco . Abreu reached on infield single to second , Reynolds to third , Gillespie to second , Reynolds scored , Gillespie to third on throwing error by second baseman Herrera . Drew tripled to deep center , Gillespie and Abreu scored . Roberts flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki singled to right . Giambi struck out swinging . Mora flied into double play , center to second to first , Tulowitzki doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Delcarmen pitching for Rockies . Johnson singled to center . Young struck out looking , Johnson stole second . LaRoche doubled to deep center , Johnson scored . Reynolds walked . Hester struck out swinging . Gillespie struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Smith walked . Smith to second on wild pitch by Vasquez . Iannetta flied out to right . Stewart hit for Delcarmen . Stewart walked . Herrera lined out to center . Spilborghs walked , Smith to third , Stewart to second . Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez homered to left ( 369 feet ) , Smith , Stewart and Spilborghs scored . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Beimel pitching for Rockies . Parra hit for Boyer . Parra flied out to left . Drew homered to right ( 363 feet ) . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Johnson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Gillespie in left field . Parra in right field . Giambi popped out to shortstop . Mora struck out swinging . Smith grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Dotel pitching for Rockies . Young homered to left ( 398 feet ) . LaRoche singled to right . Reynolds struck out swinging . Hester flied out to center . Gillespie flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Iannetta walked . Young Jr. hit for Dotel . Young Jr. walked , Iannetta to second . Montero catching . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Herrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Young Jr. out at second , Iannetta to third . Spilborghs walked , Herrera to second . Gonzalez singled to right , Iannetta and Herrera scored , Spilborghs to third . Gonzalez stole second . Tulowitzki grounded out to third , Spilborghs scored . Giambi walked . Fowler ran for Giambi . Mora struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 9 - Diamondbacks 10 .	D - backs complete sweep of fading Rockies \n\n