Rockies - Top 1st . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Fowler reached on infield single to second . Barmes flied out to center . Fowler picked off first . McKenry struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Schumaker singled to right . Winn grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Schumaker out at second . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Stewart popped out to shortstop . Iannetta flied out to center . Smith grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Holliday flied out to right . Rasmus flied out to center . Descalso singled to center . Pagnozzi flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Payton grounded out to second . Nelson popped out to first . Rogers grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Ryan struck out swinging . Suppan struck out looking . Schumaker singled to left . Schumaker to second on balk by Rogers . Winn walked . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schumaker safe at third on error by shortstop Barmes , Winn safe at second on error by shortstop Barmes , Schumaker and Winn scored , Pujols to second on throwing error by second baseman Ne . Holliday popped out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Fowler walked . Barmes singled to shallow left , Fowler to third . Barmes to second on wild pitch by Suppan . McKenry struck out looking . Stewart popped out to second , Fowler tagged out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Rasmus singled to right . Descalso singled to left , Rasmus to third . Pagnozzi reached on infield single to second , Rasmus scored , Descalso to second . Ryan singled to right , Descalso scored , Pagnozzi to second . Suppan bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Pagnozzi out at third , Ryan to second . Schumaker grounded out to second , Ryan to third , Suppan to second . Winn grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Iannetta fouled out to right . Smith grounded out to first . Payton reached on infield single to catcher . Nelson singled to left , Payton to second . Spilborghs hit for Rogers . Spilborghs flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Dotel pitching for Rockies . Pujols walked . Craig ran for Pujols . Holliday flied out to center . Rasmus flied out to center . Descalso safe at first on error by second baseman Nelson , Craig to second . Craig to third , Descalso to second on wild pitch by Dotel . Pagnozzi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . Craig at first base . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Fowler struck out swinging . Barmes doubled to left . McKenry struck out swinging . Stewart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Ryan doubled to left . Stavinoha hit for Suppan . Stavinoha grounded out to first , Ryan to third . Schumaker grounded out to first . Mather hit for Winn . Mather singled to left , Ryan scored . Craig flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Mather in right field . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Schumaker in left field . Miles at second base . Iannetta fouled out to first . Smith tripled to deep center . Payton fouled out to pitcher . Nelson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Miles grounded out to third . Rasmus doubled to right . Descalso struck out swinging . Pagnozzi singled to center , Rasmus scored . Ryan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pagnozzi out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Phillips hit for Francis . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Phillips struck out swinging . Fowler homered to right ( 375 feet ) . Barmes flied out to left . McKenry struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Escalona pitching for Rockies . Hamilton hit for Salas . Hamilton popped out to shortstop . Schumaker grounded out to second . Mather grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Jay in left field . Greene at second base . Feliz at third base . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Stewart struck out looking . Iannetta flied out to center . Smith grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 1 - Cardinals 6 .	Suppan shuts down Rockies as Cardinals win