Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Drew singled to right center. Byrnes reached on infield single to third, Drew to second. Hudson singled to left center, Drew scored, Byrnes to third. Tracy popped out to shortstop. Hairston struck out swinging. Jackson walked, Hudson to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hudson out at third, Jackson to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Taveras walked. Taveras stole second. Matsui walked. Atkins struck out swinging. Helton walked, Taveras to third, Matsui to second. Holliday struck out swinging. Hawpe singled to right, Taveras and Matsui scored, Helton to second. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Helton out at third, Hawpe to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Snyder grounded out to shortstop. Webb grounded out to pitcher. Drew grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Iannetta struck out looking. Cook grounded out to pitcher. Taveras struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Byrnes doubled to deep center. Hudson singled to right, Byrnes to third. Tracy singled to right center, Byrnes scored, Hudson to third. Hairston walked, Tracy to second. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hudson scored, Tracy out at third, Hairston to second. Young flied out to left. Snyder walked, Hairston to third, Jackson to second. Webb struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Matsui singled to center. Atkins popped out to second. Helton lined out to left. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Drew lined out to right. Byrnes popped out to shortstop. Hudson doubled to right. Tracy intentionally walked. Hairston doubled to deep left, Hudson and Tracy scored. Jackson lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe singled to left center. Tulowitzki doubled to deep right, Hawpe to third. Iannetta batting. Cook sacrificed to pitcher, Iannetta to second. Taveras struck out swinging. Matsui singled to center, Iannetta scored. Atkins flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Young lined out to third. Snyder reached on infield single to third, Snyder to second on throwing error by third baseman Atkins. Snyder picked off second. Webb struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton grounded out to first. Holliday grounded out to third. Hawpe singled to deep center. Tulowitzki singled to center, Hawpe to third. Iannetta grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Drew popped out to shortstop. Byrnes struck out swinging. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Baker hit for Cook. Hudson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Baker homered to center. Taveras struck out looking. Matsui struck out swinging. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Atkins grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Tracy grounded out to first. Hairston flied out to right. Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton singled to center. Holliday struck out swinging. Hawpe struck out swinging. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Tulowitzki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Callaspo hit for Snyder. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Young singled to deep center. Clark hit for Cruz. Callaspo singled to left, Young to third. Clark flied out to left, Callaspo to second on throwing error by left fielder Holliday. Drew intentionally walked. Byrnes singled to center, Young and Callaspo scored, Drew to third. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Hudson hit sacrifice fly to center, Drew scored. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Callaspo at third base. Hammock catching. Tracy lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Finley hit for Affeldt. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Iannetta safe at first on error by shortstop Drew. Finley walked, Iannetta to second. Taveras struck out looking. Matsui grounded out to second, Iannetta to third, Finley to second. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Finley in center field. Atkins lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Hairston grounded out to shortstop. Jackson flied out to center. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Young popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton doubled to deep left. Holliday struck out swinging. Hawpe struck out swinging. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 8 - Rockies 6.	Byrnes helps D-Backs rally in 8th against Rockies