Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Young flied out to right. Drew lined out to second. Hudson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Taveras singled to left. Taveras stole second. Tulowitzki walked. Holliday flied out to right. Helton grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Taveras scored on throwing error by pitcher Webb, Tulowitzki safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Webb. Mabry grounded into fielder's choice to first, Tulowitzki out at home, Helton to second. Hawpe struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Byrnes popped out to second. Clark grounded out to second. Hairston grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Iannetta grounded out to pitcher. Quintanilla grounded out to first. Cook grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Reynolds flied out to center. Snyder grounded out to third. Webb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Taveras reached on infield single to pitcher. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, third to second to first, Taveras out at second. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Young flied out to center. Drew grounded out to second. Hudson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton struck out swinging. Mabry grounded out to second. Hawpe homered to right. Iannetta grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Byrnes singled to right. Clark grounded into fielder's choice to second, Byrnes out at second. Hairston doubled to left, Clark to third. Reynolds doubled to deep center, Clark and Hairston scored. Snyder grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at third. Webb safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Tulowitzki, Snyder to third. Young popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Quintanilla lined out to second. Cook struck out swinging. Taveras grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Drew hit by pitch. Hudson grounded out to pitcher, Drew to second. Byrnes singled to right, Drew to third. Clark grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Byrnes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Holliday doubled to left center. Helton grounded out to second, Holliday to third. Mabry walked. Carroll ran for Mabry. Hawpe homered to left, Holliday and Carroll scored. Iannetta reached on infield single to third. Carroll at third base. Quintanilla grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Hairston hit by pitch. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Reynolds singled to left, Hairston to third. Montero hit for Webb. Snyder struck out swinging. Montero hit sacrifice fly to center, Hairston scored. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Montero catching. Baker hit for Ramirez. Young lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Baker singled to center. Taveras sacrificed double play, third to second to catcher, Baker out at third. Tulowitzki singled to left center. Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday walked, Tulowitzki to second. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Drew struck out swinging. Hudson grounded out to first. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Byrnes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Carroll struck out swinging. Hawpe flied out to left. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Iannetta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Quentin struck out looking. Jackson hit for Cruz. Reynolds walked. Reynolds to second on fielder's indifference. Jackson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Rockies 5.	Hawpe homers twice as Rockies handle D-Backs