Rockies - Top 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Taveras reached on infield single to second. Taveras caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Matsui struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop. Callaspo grounded out to second. Hudson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton grounded out to first. Atkins struck out swinging. Hawpe homered to center. Tulowitzki walked. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Clark homered to center. Reynolds struck out swinging. Drew grounded out to first. Quentin fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Cook struck out looking. Taveras reached on infield single to shortstop. Matsui doubled to deep left, Taveras scored. Holliday flied out to right, Matsui to third. Helton intentionally walked. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Snyder singled to left. Webb sacrificed to first, Snyder to second. Byrnes singled to right center, Snyder thrown out at home. Callaspo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe walked. Tulowitzki fouled out to third. Iannetta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hawpe out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Hudson grounded out to pitcher. Clark walked. Reynolds doubled to deep center, Clark to third. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Clark out at home, Reynolds to third, Drew to second. Quentin homered to center, Reynolds and Drew scored. Snyder singled to center. Webb grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Cook batting. Taveras fouled out to first. Matsui grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Byrnes grounded out to third. Callaspo grounded out to second. Hudson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday struck out swinging. Helton walked. Atkins grounded into double play, third to second to first, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Clark grounded out to first. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Drew flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe struck out swinging. Tulowitzki singled to center. Spilborghs hit for Cook. Iannetta singled to center, Tulowitzki to second. Spilborghs struck out swinging. Taveras singled to center, Tulowitzki scored, Iannetta to second. Matsui doubled to deep left center, Iannetta and Taveras scored. Julio pitching for Rockies. Holliday grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Julio pitching for Rockies. Quentin homered to left. Hairston hit for Webb. Snyder singled to left. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Hairston walked, Snyder to second. Byrnes flied out to left. Callaspo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hairston out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton struck out swinging. Atkins lined out to center. Hawpe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Hudson tripled to deep center. Clark struck out swinging. Reynolds intentionally walked. Drew walked, Reynolds to second. Quentin hit sacrifice fly to center, Hudson scored, Reynolds to third. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Snyder flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Baker hit for Affeldt. Iannetta flied out to center. Baker fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 5 - Diamondbacks 6.	Quentin hits two HRs, drives in winner for D-Backs