Astros - Top 1st. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Biggio singled to center. Lamb struck out swinging. Biggio caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Berkman walked. Lee singled to right, Berkman to second. Berkman to third, Lee to second on wild pitch by Owings. Pence struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Young singled to right. Jackson doubled to deep center, Young to third. Hudson grounded out to second, Young scored, Jackson to third. Byrnes tripled to deep right, Jackson scored. Reynolds doubled to deep center, Byrnes scored. Quentin grounded out to second, Reynolds to third. Drew doubled to deep left center, Reynolds scored. Snyder struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Palmeiro lined out to shortstop. Ausmus doubled to deep right. Everett hit by pitch. Ausmus caught stealing third, catcher to shortstop to third, Everett to second on runner's fielder's choice. Rodriguez singled to right, Everett scored. Biggio flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Owings grounded out to shortstop. Young struck out looking. Jackson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Lamb struck out swinging. Berkman struck out looking. Lee doubled to deep center. Pence singled to center, Lee thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Hudson tripled to center. Byrnes singled to left center, Hudson scored. Reynolds flied out to right. Byrnes caught stealing second, catcher to first. Hairston in left field. Byrnes in center field. Quentin grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Palmeiro hit ground rule double to deep center. Ausmus struck out swinging. Palmeiro to third on passed ball by Snyder. Everett grounded out to first. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Drew struck out swinging. Snyder grounded out to third. Owings flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Biggio flied out to center. Lamb struck out swinging. Berkman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Hairston grounded out to shortstop. Jackson hit by pitch. Hudson singled to center, Jackson to second. Byrnes flied out to center. Reynolds safe at first on error by third baseman Lamb, Jackson to third, Hudson to second. Quentin hit by pitch, Jackson scored, Hudson to third, Reynolds to second. Drew singled to right, Hudson and Reynolds scored, Quentin to third, Drew out stretching at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 6th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Lee flied out to right. Pence reached on infield single to second. Palmeiro flied out to left. Moehler pitching for Astros. Ausmus popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Moehler pitching for Astros. Snyder homered to left center. Owings struck out swinging. Hairston walked. Jackson singled to right, Hairston to second. Hudson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jackson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Lane hit for Moehler. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Everett fouled out to catcher. Lane grounded out to second. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Biggio popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Byrnes singled to center. Reynolds grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Byrnes out at second. Callaspo at second base. Quentin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Lamb grounded out to second. Berkman flied out to right. Lamb at first base. Berkman in right field. McLemore pitching for Astros. Palmeiro in left field. Ensberg at third base. Lee lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. McLemore pitching for Astros. Drew struck out swinging. Snyder grounded out to third. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence grounded out to second. Palmeiro grounded out to third. Ausmus singled to center. Everett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 1 - Diamondbacks 9.	Owings fans eight as D-Backs sink reeling Astros