Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Young grounded out to third. Jackson grounded out to pitcher. Hudson walked. Byrnes popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera singled to center. Jeter singled to left, Cabrera to second. Abreu reached on infield single to first, Cabrera to third, Jeter to second. Rodriguez walked, Cabrera scored, Jeter to third, Abreu to second. Posada struck out swinging. Matsui grounded out to second, Jeter scored, Abreu to third, Rodriguez to second. Cano grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Reynolds doubled to left center. Tracy grounded out to first, Reynolds to third. Hairston grounded out to shortstop, Reynolds scored. Drew singled to center. Snyder lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Phelps walked. Cairo sacrificed to catcher, Phelps to second. Cabrera walked. Jeter grounded into double play, second to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Young reached on infield single to first. Jackson grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Young out at second. Hudson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Abreu walked. Rodriguez doubled to deep left, Abreu scored, Rodriguez to third on error by left fielder Hairston. Posada grounded out to second. Matsui doubled to deep right, Rodriguez scored. Cano struck out swinging. Phelps struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Byrnes grounded out to pitcher. Reynolds struck out swinging. Tracy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Cairo struck out looking. Cabrera flied out to left. Jeter walked. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Hairston lined out to second. Drew grounded out to first. Snyder struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Rodriguez fouled out to first. Posada safe at first on error by shortstop Drew. Matsui singled to shallow right, Posada to second. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to first, Matsui out at second, Posada to third. Phelps struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Young flied out to right. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Callaspo ran for Hudson. Hudson singled to right center. Callaspo at second base. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Byrnes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Callaspo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Cairo walked. Cairo stole second. Cabrera hit by pitch. Jeter sacrificed to pitcher, Cairo to third, Cabrera to second. Abreu lined out to left, Cairo thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Reynolds lined out to shortstop. Tracy flied out to center. Hairston struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Rodriguez singled to center. Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks. Posada singled to left, Rodriguez to second. Matsui singled to center, Rodriguez and Posada scored, Matsui to third on throwing error by center fielder Young. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Cano struck out swinging. Phelps singled to center, Matsui scored. Cairo struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Drew grounded out to second. Snyder safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cairo. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Young grounded into double play, third to second to first, Snyder out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Jeter singled to right. Abreu struck out swinging. Rodriguez singled to left, Jeter to second. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Posada grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Jackson singled to right. Callaspo flied out to center. Byrnes struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 1 - Yankees 7.	Pettitte, Rodriguez spark Yanks to 9th straight