Devil Rays - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Iwamura walked. Harris sacrificed to third, Iwamura to second. Crawford singled to left center, Iwamura scored. Wigginton flied out to left. Crawford stole second. Pena struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Byrnes lined out to second. Jackson lined out to left. Hudson singled to left. Tracy walked, Hudson to second. Tracy out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Hairston batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Young struck out swinging. Gomes homered to right center. Navarro singled to center. Jackson struck out swinging. Iwamura struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Hairston popped out to third. Drew flied out to center. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Harris homered to right. Crawford flied out to left. Wigginton singled to center. Pena grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wigginton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Montero walked. Hernandez sacrificed to first, Montero to second. Byrnes singled to left center, Montero to third. Jackson hit sacrifice fly to center, Montero scored. Byrnes stole second. Hudson doubled to deep center, Byrnes scored. Tracy walked. Hairston grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hudson out at third, Tracy to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Young struck out swinging. Gomes flied out to right. Navarro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Drew singled to center. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Drew out at second. Young stole second. Montero struck out swinging. Hernandez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Jackson reached on infield single to second. Iwamura flied out to left. Harris singled to left, Jackson to second. Crawford grounded out to first, Jackson to third, Harris to second. Wigginton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Byrnes fouled out to third. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Hammel pitching for Devil Rays. Hudson walked. Tracy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Pena lined out to first. Young singled to center. Gomes doubled to deep center, Young scored. Navarro flied out to left. Hammel doubled to deep center, Gomes scored. Iwamura flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Hammel pitching for Devil Rays. Hairston flied out to center. Drew popped out to third. Young grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Harris tripled to center. Crawford singled to center, Harris scored. Peguero pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford to second on wild pitch by Peguero. Wigginton lined into double play, right to second, Crawford doubled off second. Pena lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Ojeda hit for Peguero. Hammel pitching for Devil Rays. Montero bunt grounded out to second. Ojeda grounded out to first. En Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Byrnes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Young singled to right. Gomes popped out to shortstop. Young stole second. Norton hit for Hammel. Navarro safe at first on error by first baseman Jackson, Young to third. Norton singled to deep right, Young scored, Navarro to third. Iwamura grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Navarro scored, Norton out at second. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Harris grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Jackson flied out to center. Hudson grounded out to first. Tracy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford walked. Wigginton hit ground rule double to deep right center, Crawford to third. Pena singled to center, Crawford scored, Wigginton to third. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wigginton scored, Pena out at second. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Wilson at second base. Gomes lined out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Hairston grounded out to third. Drew singled to right. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Drew out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 10 - Diamondbacks 2.	Harris, Hammel help D-Rays stump D-backs again