Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Young fouled out to first. Hudson walked. Byrnes homered to left, Hudson scored. Clark grounded out to pitcher. Drew popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal popped out to second. Pierre struck out swinging. Martin flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Reynolds flied out to center. Upton popped out to second. Montero grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez singled to right center. Garciaparra grounded into double play, second to first, Gonzalez out at second. Loney singled to center. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Hernandez popped out to second. Young struck out looking. Hudson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier flied out to left. Lowe struck out looking. Furcal lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Byrnes lined out to right. Clark flied out to left. Drew struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Pierre singled to center. Pierre to second on balk by Hernandez. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez hit by pitch. Garciaparra grounded out to pitcher, Pierre to third, Gonzalez to second. Loney walked. Martinez walked, Pierre scored, Gonzalez to third, Loney to second. Ethier grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Reynolds reached on infield single to shortstop. Upton reached on infield single to shortstop, Reynolds to second. Montero safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Loney, Reynolds scored, Upton to third. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Upton scored. Young struck out swinging. Hudson singled to center, Montero scored, Hernandez to third. Byrnes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hernandez scored, Hudson out at second. Byrnes stole second. Clark struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Young hit for Lowe. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Young singled to left center. Furcal grounded out to shortstop, Young to second. Pierre hit by pitch. Martin flied out to right, Young to third. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Houlton pitching for Dodgers. Drew flied out to left. Reynolds singled to center. Upton struck out swinging. Montero homered to right, Reynolds scored. Hernandez grounded out to catcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Garciaparra singled to center. Loney lined out to right. Martinez safe at second on error by right fielder Upton, Garciaparra to third. Ethier hit sacrifice fly to left, Garciaparra scored. Kemp hit for Houlton. Kemp struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Seanez pitching for Dodgers. Young singled to right. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young out at second. Byrnes grounded out to catcher, Hudson to second. Clark struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal reached on infield single to second. Pierre singled to right, Furcal to second. Martin safe at first on error by right fielder Upton, Furcal to third, Pierre to second. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to left, Furcal scored, Pierre to third. Garciaparra homered to left, Pierre and Martin scored. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Loney grounded out to first. Martinez flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Drew popped out to third. Reynolds struck out swinging. Upton doubled to deep center. Montero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier homered to right. Saenz hit for Broxton. Saenz flied out to right. Furcal popped out to second. Pierre popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Cirillo hit for Pena. Cirillo popped out to catcher. Young struck out swinging. Hudson singled to left. Byrnes singled to center, Hudson to third. Clark popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin struck out looking. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Garciaparra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 8 - Dodgers 7.	D-backs keep Dodgers at bay, hold off L.A. in win