Cardinals - Top 1st. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Eckstein lined out to pitcher. Ankiel popped out to second. Pujols doubled to deep right. Edmonds grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Drew lined out to shortstop. Young singled to right. Byrnes singled to left, Young to second. Jackson homered to left, Young and Byrnes scored. Montero struck out swinging. Reynolds singled to center. Salazar fouled out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Duncan grounded out to second. Miles grounded out to first. Stinnett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Ojeda fouled out to third. Owings grounded out to third. Drew lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Looper walked. Ryan struck out swinging. Eckstein hit by pitch, Looper to second. Ankiel grounded into fielder's choice to second, Eckstein out at second, Looper to third. Pujols tripled to deep right, Looper and Ankiel scored. Edmonds walked. Duncan safe at first on error by pitcher Owings, Pujols scored, Edmonds to second. Miles homered to right, Edmonds and Duncan scored. Stinnett doubled to deep right center. Peguero pitching for Diamondbacks. Looper singled to center, Stinnett scored, Looper out stretching at second. 7 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Young bunt grounded out to pitcher. Byrnes doubled to deep center. Jackson walked, Byrnes stole third, Byrnes scored on throwing error by catcher Stinnett. Jackson batting. Montero fouled out to third. Reynolds struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 4th. Peguero pitching for Diamondbacks. Ryan flied out to center. Eckstein hit by pitch. Ankiel flied out to right. Pujols singled to left, Eckstein to second. Eveland pitching for Diamondbacks. Cirillo at third base. Edmonds fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Salazar flied out to center. Ojeda singled to left. Cirillo doubled to deep left, Ojeda to third. Drew homered to right center, Ojeda and Cirillo scored. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Young walked. Byrnes walked, Young to second. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young to third, Byrnes safe at second on error by second baseman Miles. Montero hit sacrifice fly to left, Young scored. Quentin hit for Eveland. Quentin singled to left, Byrnes scored, Jackson to third. Salazar popped out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 5th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Duncan walked. Miles singled to left center, Duncan to third. Maroth ran for Duncan. Stinnett fouled out to left. Ludwick hit for Wellemeyer. Ludwick reached on infield single to shortstop, Maroth scored, Miles to second. Ryan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Percival pitching for Cardinals. Ludwick in left field. Ojeda flied out to left. Cirillo flied out to right. Drew struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Eckstein lined out to shortstop. Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks. Ankiel struck out swinging. Pujols walked. Edmonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Percival pitching for Cardinals. Young struck out swinging. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop. Jackson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Cairo hit for Percival. Nippert pitching for Diamondbacks. Cairo grounded out to third. Miles lined out to right. Stinnett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Montero struck out looking. Hammock hit for Nippert. Hammock struck out swinging. Salazar singled to center. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Ojeda grounded out to third. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Ojeda grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Hammock catching. Ludwick struck out swinging. Ryan singled to right. Eckstein popped out to second. Ankiel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Cirillo walked. Drew flied into double play, center to second to first, Cirillo doubled off first. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark at first base. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Edmonds flied out to center. Schumaker hit for Springer. Schumaker grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 8 - Diamondbacks 9.	Drew's HR helps first-place D-backs outslug Cards