Royals - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik struck out swinging. Butler singled to center. Guillen singled to center, Butler to second. Callaspo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Davies pitching for Royals. Raburn fouled out to second. Damon struck out swinging. Ordonez homered to left (398 feet). Cabrera hit ground rule double to deep right. Guillen grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Maier grounded out to first. Kendall singled to left. Betancourt singled to right, Kendall to second. Getz popped out to shortstop. DeJesus doubled to deep left center, Kendall and Betancourt scored. Podsednik flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Davies pitching for Royals. Inge doubled to left. Laird struck out swinging. Sizemore flied out to center. Everett lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Butler struck out swinging. Guillen reached on infield single to shortstop. Callaspo singled to right, Guillen to second. Maier grounded into fielder's choice to first, Callaspo out at second, Guillen to third. Kendall singled to right, Guillen scored, Maier to second. Betancourt flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Davies pitching for Royals. Raburn singled to left. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Raburn out at second. Ordonez struck out looking. Cabrera popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Getz flied out to right. DeJesus singled to shallow left. Podsednik singled to center, DeJesus to second. Butler grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Podsednik out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Davies pitching for Royals. Guillen popped out to shortstop. Inge struck out swinging. Laird walked. Sizemore flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Guillen grounded out to third. Callaspo flied out to right. Maier flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Davies pitching for Royals. Everett doubled to left. Raburn hit by pitch. Damon doubled to deep right, Everett scored, Raburn to third. Ordonez walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Raburn scored, Ordonez out at second, Damon to third. Guillen flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Kendall flied out to center. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Getz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Davies pitching for Royals. Inge walked. Laird fouled out to first. Sizemore grounded into double play, third to second to first, Inge out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Perry pitching for Tigers. DeJesus walked. Podsednik sacrificed to first, DeJesus to second. DeJesus to third on wild pitch by Perry. Butler hit sacrifice fly to right, DeJesus scored. Guillen homered to left (429 feet). Callaspo singled to right. Maier walked, Callaspo to second. Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop, Callaspo out at home, Maier to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Davies pitching for Royals. Everett struck out swinging. Raburn flied out to left. Damon reached on infield single to second. Ordonez walked, Damon to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ordonez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Coke pitching for Tigers. Betancourt singled to left. Getz reached on bunt single to pitcher, Betancourt to second. DeJesus struck out bunting foul. Podsednik singled to center, Betancourt to third, Getz to second. Butler hit sacrifice fly to center, Betancourt scored, Getz to third, Podsednik to second. Guillen intentionally walked. Callaspo flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Parrish pitching for Royals. Guillen struck out swinging. Inge walked. Laird flied out to right. Sizemore walked, Inge to second. Kelly struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Coke pitching for Tigers. Maier flied out to right. Kendall singled to right. Betancourt grounded out to pitcher, Kendall to second. Getz safe at first on error by second baseman Sizemore, Kendall scored. Getz caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. DeJesus batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Raburn bunt popped out to pitcher. Damon grounded out to second. Ordonez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 7 - Tigers 3.	Guillen homers in 4th straight game; Royals win