Athletics - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Royals. Crisp doubled to right. Barton walked. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barton out at second, Crisp to third. Cust hit sacrifice fly to right, Crisp scored. Suzuki caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Kouzmanoff batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Podsednik doubled to left. Kendall singled to right, Podsednik to third. DeJesus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Podsednik scored, Kendall out at second. Butler grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Kouzmanoff doubled to deep left center. Ellis safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Greinke, Kouzmanoff scored. Gross flied out to left. Davis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ellis out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Guillen flied out to right. Callaspo singled to left. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Callaspo out at second. Bloomquist singled to left, Aviles to second. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Pennington walked. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pennington safe at second on error by shortstop Betancourt. Barton sacrificed to first, Pennington to third, Crisp to second. Suzuki walked. Cust popped out to shortstop. Kouzmanoff singled to center, Pennington and Crisp scored, Suzuki to second. Ellis singled to center, Suzuki scored, Kouzmanoff thrown out at third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Podsednik flied out to left. Kendall struck out swinging. DeJesus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Gross grounded out to second. Davis struck out swinging. Pennington walked. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Butler singled to left center. Guillen walked, Butler to second. Callaspo singled to center, Butler to third, Guillen to second. Aviles flied out to right. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Betancourt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Barton struck out looking. Suzuki grounded out to second. Cust struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Podsednik grounded out to second. Kendall grounded out to third. DeJesus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Kouzmanoff grounded out to second. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Gross lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Callaspo safe at first on error by second baseman Ellis. Aviles lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 7th. Farnsworth pitching for Royals. Davis singled to left. Pennington flied out to left. Davis stole second. Crisp flied out to center. Davis to third on wild pitch by Farnsworth. Barton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Bloomquist grounded out to second. Betancourt singled to center. Podsednik grounded into fielder's choice to first, Betancourt out at second. Podsednik to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez. Kendall fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Suzuki singled to center. Cust flied out to left. Kouzmanoff popped out to second. Suzuki stole second. Ellis reached on infield single to second, Suzuki to third. Gross grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Breslow pitching for Athletics. DeJesus struck out swinging. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Guillen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Davis walked. Pennington flied out to left. Davis to second on balk by Soria. Crisp grounded out to first, Davis to third. Barton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Callaspo flied out to center. Aviles grounded out to shortstop. Bloomquist flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 5 - Royals 1.	A's tally 3 unearned runs to tip Greinke, Royals