Orioles - Top 1st. Chen pitching for Royals. Lugo struck out looking. Markakis flied out to left. Wigginton lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Getz singled to right. Kendall singled to right, Getz to second. Butler doubled to deep right, Getz scored, Kendall to third. Guillen grounded out to shortstop, Kendall scored. Betemit singled to right, Butler scored. Gordon flied out to left. Maier struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Chen pitching for Royals. Scott homered to right (387 feet). Jones flied out to center. Pie singled to right. Fox flied out to right. Pie caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Bell batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Betancourt grounded out to second. Blanco struck out swinging. Getz doubled to left center. Kendall grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Chen pitching for Royals. Bell safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt. Izturis grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Bell out at second. Lugo singled to center. Markakis doubled to deep right center, Lugo scored. Wigginton intentionally walked. Scott struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Butler flied out to right. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Betemit struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Chen pitching for Royals. Jones reached on infield single to second. Pie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at second. Fox walked, Pie to second. Bell grounded out to first, Pie to third, Fox to second. Izturis walked. Lugo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Gordon homered to left center (401 feet). Maier doubled to deep right. Betancourt flied out to right, Maier to third. Blanco grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Maier out at home, Blanco to second. Getz popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Chen pitching for Royals. Markakis popped out to shortstop. Wigginton flied out to center. Scott struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Kendall grounded out to second. Butler flied out to right. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Chen pitching for Royals. Jones reached on bunt single to third. Pie grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jones safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Chen. Fox singled to right center, Jones to third, Pie to second. Texeira pitching for Royals. Bell grounded into double play, second to first, Jones scored, Fox out at second, Pie to third. Izturis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 6th. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Betemit singled to center. Gordon singled to right, Betemit to third. Maier singled to shallow left, Betemit scored, Gordon to second. Betancourt lined out to right. Blanco singled to left center, Gordon thrown out at home, Maier to second. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Getz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Chavez pitching for Royals. Lugo flied out to right. Markakis grounded out to first. Wigginton homered to left (386 feet). Scott singled to right. Jones struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Berken pitching for Orioles. Kendall flied out to left. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Guillen lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Bloomquist in left field. Wood pitching for Royals. Pie grounded out to first. Fox popped out to second. Bell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Betemit flied out to left. Bloomquist popped out to second. Maier grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Izturis singled to right center. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Izturis safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Betemit. Markakis grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Lugo out at second, Izturis to third. Wigginton walked. Patterson ran for Wigginton. Scott grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 4 - Royals 5.	O's come up short as Gordon helps lift Royals