Phillies - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . McCutchen struck out looking . Segura reached on infield single to shortstop . Harper intentionally walked . Hoskins singled to center , Segura scored , Harper to third . Realmuto grounded out to pitcher , Harper scored , Hoskins to second . Herrera lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Nola pitching for Phillies . Eaton popped out to third . Dozier grounded out to second . Rendon homered to left ( 407 feet ) . Soto doubled to right . Zimmerman homered to left ( 374 feet ) , Soto scored . Suzuki lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Franco fouled out to first . Nola struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Difo flied out to center . An . Sánchez struck out looking . Robles grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . McCutchen lined out to pitcher . Segura grounded out to second . Harper walked . Hoskins popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Eaton singled to right . Dozier struck out swinging , Eaton stole second , Eaton safe at third on throwing error by catcher Realmuto . Rendon walked . Soto homered to center ( 426 feet ) , Eaton scored and Rendon scored . Zimmerman walked . Suzuki grounded out to third , Zimmerman to second . Difo grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Realmuto walked . Herrera walked , Realmuto to second . Hernández doubled to shallow left , Realmuto scored , Herrera to third . Franco flied out to right . Williams hit for Nola . Williams singled to right center , Herrera scored , Hernández to third . McCutchen struck out looking . Segura flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Ramos pitching for Phillies . An . Sánchez struck out looking . Robles walked . Eaton flied out to right . Dozier reached on infield single to third , Robles out at third in rundown . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Grace pitching for Nationals . Harper reached on infield single to third . Hoskins flied out to center . Realmuto doubled to right , Harper to third . Herrera struck out swinging . Hernández lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Ramos pitching for Phillies . Rendon doubled to center . Rendon out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Rendon out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Soto singled to left center . Zimmerman lined out to left . Nicasio pitching for Phillies . Kingery at second base . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Soto out at second . Miller pitching for Phillies . Gomes catching . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Miller pitching for Nationals . Franco grounded out to shortstop . Kingery struck out swinging . McCutchen struck out swinging . Justin Miller pitches to Bryce Harper . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Nicasio pitching for Phillies . Difo singled to left . Gomes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Difo safe at second on error by shortstop Segura . Ramos pitching for Phillies . Difo picked off second . Robles struck out swinging . Eaton walked , Gomes to second , Difo to third . Dozier struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . Miller pitching for Nationals . Segura fouled out to first . Harper singled to center . Hoskins fouled out to first . Realmuto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Neris pitching for Phillies . Rendon struck out looking . Soto grounded out to third . Zimmerman popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Sipp pitching for Nationals . Herrera singled to shallow left . Knapp hit for Neris . Knapp struck out swinging . Rosenthal pitching for Nationals . Franco walked , Herrera to second . Kingery walked , Franco to second , Herrera to third . Barraclough pitching for Nationals . McCutchen doubled to deep center , Herrera scored , Kingery scored and Franco scored . Segura singled to left center , McCutchen scored , Segura to second . Harper intentionally walked . Hoskins popped out to first . Realmuto struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Stevenson hit for Barraclough . Dominguez pitching for Phillies . Stevenson singled to left center . Difo grounded out to catcher , Stevenson to second . Gomes doubled to deep right center , Stevenson scored . Robles struck out swinging . Gomes scored on error by first baseman Hoskins , Eaton safe at second on error by first baseman Hoskins . Dozier struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 9th . Doolittle pitching for Nationals . Herrera lined out to left . Altherr hit for Dominguez . Altherr lined out to third . Franco flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Robertson pitching for Phillies . Rendon singled to center . Soto walked , Rendon to second . Zimmerman walked , Soto to second , Rendon to third . Noll hit for Doolittle . Noll walked , Rendon scored , Zimmerman to second , Soto to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 8 - Nationals 9 .	Robertson walks in game - ending run as Phils lose to Nats 9 - 8