White Sox - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . García flied out to center . Moncada struck out looking . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Covey pitching for White Sox . Turner struck out swinging . Eaton singled to center . Rendon lined out to center . Soto doubled to deep right , Eaton to third . Kendrick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Castillo singled to left . Jiménez walked , Castillo to second . Tilson singled to right , Jiménez to second , Castillo to third . Anderson struck out looking . Sánchez lined into double play , to third , Castillo doubled off third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Covey pitching for White Sox . Adams doubled to right . Suzuki singled to right center , Adams scored . Robles flied out to right . Sánchez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Covey grounded out to shortstop . García reached on infield single to second . Moncada lined out to second . Abreu popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Covey pitching for White Sox . Turner struck out looking . Eaton grounded out to shortstop . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Castillo flied out to center . Jiménez grounded out to third . Tilson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Soto reached on bunt single to third . Kendrick safe at first on error by second baseman Sánchez , Soto to second . Adams singled to left , Kendrick to second , Soto to third . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Soto scored , Adams out at second , Kendrick to third . Robles struck out looking . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 5th . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Anderson struck out swinging . Sánchez struck out looking . Covey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Turner grounded out to shortstop . Eaton struck out swinging . Rendon walked . Soto singled to right , Rendon to second . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Soto out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . García struck out swinging . Moncada homered to left center ( 417 feet ) . Rainey pitching for Nationals . Abreu singled to left . Castillo flied out to center . Jiménez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Adams walked . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Suzuki doubled to right , Adams to third . Robles hit sacrifice fly to right , Adams scored , Suzuki to third . Parra hit for Rainey . Suzuki scored on error by shortstop Anderson , Parra safe at first on error by shortstop Anderson . Turner struck out swinging , Parra caught stealing second , catcher to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Barraclough pitching for Nationals . Tilson grounded out to pitcher . Anderson lined out to left . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Rondón at second base . Eaton bunt grounded out to pitcher . Rendon struck out looking . Soto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Barraclough pitching for Nationals . Rondón struck out swinging . García singled to center . Moncada lined out to left . Abreu homered to left ( 419 feet ) , García scored . Suero pitching for Nationals . Castillo homered to right center ( 412 feet ) . Jiménez reached on infield single to third . Tilson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Kendrick struck out swinging . Adams safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Bummer . Taylor ran for Adams . Suzuki struck out swinging . Robles grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 9th . Kendrick at first base . Taylor in center field . Doolittle pitching for Nationals . Dozier at second base . Anderson singled to left . Cordell hit for Bummer . Cordell bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Anderson out at second . Rondón singled to left , Cordell to second . García struck out swinging . Moncada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Colomé pitching for White Sox . Cordell in center field . Dozier walked . Turner homered to left ( 399 feet ) , Dozier scored . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 4 - Nationals 6 .	Nats win season - high 4th straight , beat White Sox 6 - 4