Nationals - Top 1st . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner reached on infield single to second . Eaton tripled to deep right , Turner scored . Rendon hit sacrifice fly to left , Eaton scored . Soto grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Dyson struck out swinging . Marte walked . Escobar homered to right ( 432 feet ) , Marte scored . Peralta grounded out to second . Walker struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Dozier grounded out to third . Parra grounded out to first . Robles hit by pitch . Strasburg struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Lamb grounded out to first . Ahmed homered to center ( 416 feet ) . Avila grounded out to first . Ray struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner struck out swinging . Eaton bunt grounded out to first . Rendon lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Dyson flied out to left . Marte singled to right center . Escobar struck out looking . Peralta doubled to deep center , Marte scored . Walker singled to center , Peralta scored . Lamb lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Soto grounded out to second . Suzuki singled to deep center . Dozier singled to center , Suzuki to second . Parra tripled to deep right center , Suzuki scored and Dozier scored . Robles grounded out to third . Strasburg struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Ahmed singled to center . Avila flied out to left . Ray struck out bunting foul . Dyson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner struck out swinging . Eaton struck out swinging . Rendon singled to left . Soto grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Marte tripled to deep center . Escobar singled to right , Marte scored . Peralta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Escobar out at second . Walker walked . Lamb homered to left ( 388 feet ) , Walker scored . Ahmed struck out , Ahmed to first on wild pitch by Strasburg . Grace pitching for Nationals . Avila homered to right center ( 432 feet ) , Ahmed scored . Jones hit for Ray . Jones struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Dozier grounded out to third , Suzuki to second . Parra struck out swinging . Robles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Grace pitching for Nationals . Dyson singled to center . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Dyson out at second . Escobar lined out to center . Peralta singled to right , Marte to second . Walker walked , Peralta to second , Marte to third . Lamb grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Ad . Sánchez hit for Grace . Ad . Sánchez struck out swinging . Turner singled to right . Eaton flied out to left . Turner to second on passed ball by Avila . Rendon walked . Soto flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Rainey pitching for Nationals . Ahmed walked . Ahmed to second on wild pitch by Rainey . Avila walked . Godley struck out swinging . Dyson struck out swinging . Avila to second on wild pitch by Rainey , Ahmed to third on wild pitch by Rainey . Marte walked . Escobar walked , Ahmed scored , Marte to second , Avila to third . Hudson pitching for Nationals . Peralta struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Dyson in center field . Marte at shortstop . Locastro in right field . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Dozier singled to left . Parra grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dozier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Gerardo Parra pitching for Nationals . Adams at first base . Walker walked . Walker to second on wild pitch by Parra . Lamb walked . Locastro walked , Lamb to second , Walker to third . Avila singled to right , Walker scored , Locastro to second , Lamb to third . Godley walked , Lamb scored , Avila to second , Locastro to third . Rendon at second base . Brian Dozier pitching for Nationals . Parra at third base . Dyson hit ground rule double to right , Locastro scored and Avila scored , Godley to third . Rendon at third base . Parra at second base . Marte flied out to right . Escobar homered to left ( 415 feet ) , Godley scored and Dyson scored . Peralta popped out to third . Walker flied out to center . 7 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Robles hit by pitch . Adams flied out to right . Turner walked , Robles to second . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Turner out at second , Robles to third . Eaton to second on fielder 's indifference . Rendon homered to left center ( 416 feet ) , Robles scored and Eaton scored . Soto doubled to deep center . Suzuki walked . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Dozier lined out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 7 - Diamondbacks 18 .	Diamondbacks hit 5 HRs in a 18 - 7 rout of Nats , Strasburg