Reds - Top 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Winker flied out to left . Votto flied out to left . Suárez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Bauer pitching for Reds . Turner struck out swinging . Eaton popped out to second . Rendon grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . VanMeter struck out swinging . Aquino popped out to catcher . Galvis singled to right center . Iglesias grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Bauer pitching for Reds . Soto walked . Adams flied out to center . Soto stole second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Barnhart grounded out to shortstop . Bauer struck out looking . Winker walked . Votto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Bauer pitching for Reds . Robles singled to center . Robles stole second . Strasburg sacrificed to catcher , Robles to third . Turner hit sacrifice fly to left , Robles scored . Eaton flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Suárez reached on infield single to shortstop . Suárez to second on wild pitch by Strasburg . VanMeter singled to left , Suárez to second . Aquino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , VanMeter out at second , Suárez to third . Galvis lined out to left . Aquino to second on wild pitch by Strasburg . Iglesias struck out , Suárez scored on Strasburg wild pitch , Iglesias to first on wild pitch by Strasburg , Aquino to third on wild pitch by Strasburg . Barnhart intentionally walked , Iglesias to second . Bauer struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Bauer pitching for Reds . Rendon struck out looking . Soto lined out to right . Adams struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Winker singled to shallow right center . Votto flied out to left . Suárez lined out to left . VanMeter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Bauer pitching for Reds . Cabrera singled to right . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second . Robles doubled to left , Suzuki to third . Strasburg singled to right , Suzuki scored , Robles to third . Turner singled to center , Robles scored , Strasburg to second . Eaton homered to center ( 409 feet ) , Strasburg scored and Turner scored . Rendon homered to center ( 411 feet ) . Soto singled to center . Adams walked , Soto to second . Romano pitching for Reds . Ervin in left field . Adams to second on wild pitch by Romano , Soto to third on wild pitch by Romano . Cabrera doubled to deep left , Soto scored , Cabrera to second , Adams to third . Suzuki homered to left center ( 384 feet ) , Adams and Cabrera scored . Robles grounded out to shortstop . Strasburg struck out swinging . 10 Runs , 9 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Aquino grounded out to shortstop . Galvis singled to left . Iglesias doubled to deep left , Galvis scored . Iglesias to third on passed ball by Suzuki . Barnhart homered to right ( 381 feet ) , Iglesias scored . Ervin grounded out to pitcher . Winker walked . Grace pitching for Nationals . Votto singled to left center , Winker to second . Suárez grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Farmer catching . Peraza at third base . Barnhart at first base . Romano pitching for Reds . Turner walked . Eaton doubled to center , Turner to third . Rendon singled to right , Turner scored , Eaton to third . Soto singled to left , Eaton scored , Rendon to second . Adams walked , Soto to second , Rendon to third . Cabrera hit ground rule double to deep center , Rendon scored and Soto scored , Adams to third . Hughes pitching for Reds . Suzuki singled to center , Adams scored , Cabrera to third . Robles singled to left , Cabrera scored , Suzuki to second . Grace struck out swinging . Turner grounded into double play , third to second to first , Robles out at second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Dozier at second base . Cabrera at third base . Guerra pitching for Nationals . Hughes struck out swinging . Aquino homered to right ( 387 feet ) . Galvis singled to left . Iglesias struck out looking . Barnhart singled to left , Galvis to second . Ervin flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Hughes pitching for Reds . Eaton struck out swinging . Dozier grounded out to third . Soto lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Guerra pitching for Nationals . Winker flied out to center . Farmer flied out to center . Peraza grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Lorenzen in center field . Hughes pitching for Reds . Adams singled to deep center . Cabrera lined out to second . Suzuki struck out swinging . Robles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Guerra pitching for Nationals . Hughes popped out to second . Aquino singled to deep right . Galvis homered to right ( 360 feet ) , Aquino scored . Iglesias flied out to center . Barnhart grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 7 - Nationals 17 .	Nationals put up 10 runs in 5th , 6 in 6th , beat Reds 17 - 7