Padres - Top 1st. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Gerut grounded out to first. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Giles singled to shallow right. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Young pitching for Padres. Fowler singled to shallow right. Fowler stole second. Spilborghs walked. Fowler stole third, Spilborghs stole second. Helton hit sacrifice fly to center, Fowler scored, Spilborghs to third. Atkins doubled to left, Spilborghs scored. Hawpe lined out to second. Stewart popped out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Headley flied out to center. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Hundley doubled to deep left center. Rodriguez intentionally walked. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Young pitching for Padres. Barmes flied out to left. Iannetta walked. Hammel grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Iannetta out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Gerut doubled to right. Eckstein struck out looking. Giles grounded out to second, Gerut to third. Gonzalez walked. Headley tripled to left, Gerut and Gonzalez scored. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Headley scored. Hundley safe at first on error by third baseman Atkins, Kouzmanoff to second. Rodriguez singled to center, Kouzmanoff scored, Hundley to second. Young flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Young pitching for Padres. Fowler walked. Spilborghs struck out swinging, Fowler stole second. Fowler stole third. Helton struck out swinging. Atkins singled to shallow left, Fowler scored. Hawpe walked, Atkins to second. Stewart doubled to deep right, Atkins and Hawpe scored. Stewart stole third. Barmes singled to left, Stewart scored. Barmes stole second. Iannetta intentionally walked. Hammel struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Gerut homered to right center. Eckstein walked. Rusch pitching for Rockies. Giles singled to center, Eckstein to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Headley grounded into double play, third to second to first, Giles out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Young pitching for Padres. Fowler singled to left. Fowler stole second. Spilborghs reached on infield single to shortstop, Fowler to third. Moreno pitching for Padres. Helton singled to center, Fowler scored, Spilborghs to third. Atkins popped out to shortstop. Hawpe doubled to deep right center, Spilborghs and Helton scored, Hawpe to third advancing on throw. Stewart struck out looking. Barmes singled to right, Hawpe scored. Iannetta popped out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Rusch pitching for Rockies. Kouzmanoff flied out to center. Hundley flied out to left. Rodriguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Rusch singled to center. Fowler walked, Rusch to second. Spilborghs flied out to right. Helton grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Fowler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Burke hit for Moreno. Rusch pitching for Rockies. Burke struck out swinging. Gerut singled to left. Eckstein doubled to shallow left, Gerut to third. Giles grounded out to first, Gerut scored, Eckstein to third. Gonzalez hit ground rule double to deep left center, Eckstein scored. Grilli pitching for Rockies. Headley struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Sanchez pitching for Padres. Atkins hit ground rule double to deep left center. Hawpe singled to center, Atkins to third. Stewart grounded out to pitcher, Atkins scored, Hawpe to second. Marquis ran for Hawpe. Barmes flied out to left. Iannetta flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Spilborghs in right field. Quintanilla at second base. Stewart in left field. Grilli pitching for Rockies. Kouzmanoff fouled out to left. Hundley struck out swinging. Rodriguez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Grilli grounded out to third. Fowler struck out swinging. Spilborghs reached on infield single to shortstop. Helton reached on infield single to first, Spilborghs to second. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to second, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Street pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez hit for Gregerson. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Gerut grounded out to first. Eckstein singled to right. Giles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Quintanilla struck out swinging. Stewart grounded out to second. Barmes walked. Iannetta singled to right, Barmes to third. Smith hit for Street. Smith singled to shallow right, Barmes scored, Iannetta to third. Fowler grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Stewart at third base. Smith in left field. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Headley singled to shallow right. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Hundley singled to left, Headley to second. Rodriguez fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 7 - Rockies 12.	Fowler steals win for Rockies