Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Peavy pitching for Padres. Lopez walked. Ojeda struck out swinging. Lopez stole second. Lopez stole third. Upton struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Giles flied out to left. Eckstein grounded out to pitcher. Hairston reached on infield single to shortstop. Hairston stole second, Hairston safe at third on throwing error by catcher Montero. Gonzalez walked. Gerut grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Peavy pitching for Padres. Whitesell fouled out to third. Jackson struck out swinging. Montero hit ground rule double to deep center. Byrnes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Kouzmanoff safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds. Blanco popped out to second. Rodriguez walked. Peavy grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Peavy pitching for Padres. Garland struck out looking. Lopez singled to left. Ojeda flied out to center. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Giles grounded out to first. Eckstein lined out to right. Hairston flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Reynolds struck out swinging. Whitesell struck out looking. Jackson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Gerut flied out to center. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Montero struck out swinging. Byrnes flied out to left. Garland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco singled to left. Rodriguez flied out to center. Peavy safe at first on throwing error by catcher Montero, Blanco to second. Giles grounded into fielder's choice to first, Blanco to third, Peavy safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Whitesell. Eckstein flied out to right, Blanco thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Lopez struck out swinging. Ojeda walked. Upton homered to center, Ojeda scored. Reynolds reached on infield single to shortstop. Whitesell walked, Reynolds to second. Jackson lined out to center. Montero struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Hairston lined out to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Gerut flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Byrnes flied out to right. Garland flied out to center. Lopez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. Blanco walked. Rodriguez singled to center, Blanco to second. Gonzalez hit for Peavy. Gonzalez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Sanchez pitching for Padres. Ojeda flied out to left. Upton homered to center. Reynolds singled to center. Whitesell walked, Reynolds to second. Mujica pitching for Padres. Jackson flied out to right, Reynolds to third. Montero flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Giles grounded out to first. Eckstein flied out to center. Hairston grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Byrnes flied out to center. Roberts hit for Pena. Roberts flied out to right. Lopez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Young in center field. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez singled to left center. Gerut singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Kouzmanoff hit by pitch, Gonzalez to third, Gerut to second. Blanco grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gonzalez scored, Kouzmanoff out at second, Gerut to third. Rodriguez walked. Headley hit for Mujica. Headley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Padres 1.	Upton gives D-backs edge over Peavy, Padres