Padres - Top 1st. Palmer pitching for Angels. Gwynn grounded out to second. Eckstein grounded out to second. Giles flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Gaudin pitching for Padres. Figgins doubled to shallow left. Abreu singled to shallow right, Figgins scored. Hunter homered to left, Abreu scored. Guerrero flied out to left. Rivera singled to right. Morales grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rivera out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Palmer pitching for Angels. Gonzalez singled to shallow right center. Floyd singled to shallow right, Gonzalez to second. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Headley singled to center, Gonzalez to third, Floyd to second. Blanco reached on infield single to third, Gonzalez scored, Floyd to third, Headley to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Gwynn lined out to center. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Gaudin pitching for Padres. Izturis tripled to right. Napoli struck out looking. Aybar singled to center, Izturis scored. Figgins flied out to center. Abreu flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Palmer pitching for Angels. Eckstein doubled to left. Giles doubled to right, Eckstein scored. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Giles to third. Floyd walked. Kouzmanoff singled to shallow right, Giles scored, Floyd to second. Headley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kouzmanoff out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Gaudin pitching for Padres. Hunter popped out to third. Guerrero grounded out to second. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Blanco doubled to deep right center. Rodriguez sacrificed to third, Blanco to third. Gwynn walked. Eckstein flied out to right. Blanco scored, Gwynn to second on passed ball by Napoli. Giles walked. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Gaudin pitching for Padres. Morales homered to center. Izturis singled to center. Napoli doubled to right, Izturis scored, Napoli to third on throwing error by shortstop Rodriguez. Aybar singled to center, Napoli scored, Aybar to second on error by center fielder Gwynn. Moreno pitching for Padres. Figgins singled to left, Aybar to third. Abreu singled to left center, Aybar scored, Figgins to third. Abreu caught stealing second, catcher to second. Hunter walked. Guerrero singled to center, Figgins scored, Hunter to third. Rivera flied out to right, Guerrero thrown out at second. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 2 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Floyd grounded out to shortstop. Kouzmanoff reached on infield single to shortstop. Headley grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Kouzmanoff out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Morales doubled to deep right. Izturis hit ground rule double to deep right, Morales scored. Napoli struck out looking. Aybar popped into double play, shortstop to second, Izturis doubled off second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Blanco flied out to right. Rodriguez struck out looking. Gwynn singled to center. Eckstein flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Meredith pitching for Padres. Figgins grounded out to second. Abreu walked. Hunter grounded out to third, Abreu to second. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Giles singled to center. Gonzalez flied out to center. Floyd flied out to center. Kouzmanoff homered to left center, Giles scored. Headley struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Meredith pitching for Padres. Rivera grounded out to third. Morales grounded out to second. Izturis singled to left. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Speier pitching for Angels. Blanco struck out swinging. Rodriguez struck out looking. Gwynn walked. Eckstein lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Adams pitching for Padres. Aybar flied out to center. Figgins singled to center. Figgins stole second. Abreu singled to right, Figgins scored. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Abreu out at second. Guerrero grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Bulger pitching for Angels. Giles struck out looking. Gonzalez struck out looking. Floyd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 6 - Angels 11.	Angels bounce back at home to run past Padres