Athletics - Top 1st. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Kennedy flied out to right. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Cust grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Outman pitching for Athletics. Gwynn flied out to left. Eckstein grounded out to third. Gonzalez walked. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Holliday fouled out to right. Giambi singled to right. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Giambi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Outman pitching for Athletics. Headley homered to left. Gonzalez flied out to center. Alfonzo singled to left. LeBlanc sacrificed to pitcher, Alfonzo to second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Ed Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Crosby struck out swinging. Davis fouled out to third. Ed Gonzalez singled to left. Kennedy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Gwynn tripled to deep right center. Eckstein grounded out to first, Gwynn scored. Gonzalez doubled to right center. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Headley walked. Gonzalez lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Suzuki singled to left. Cust walked, Suzuki to second. Holliday walked, Suzuki to third, Cust to second. Giambi hit by pitch, Suzuki scored, Cust to third, Holliday to second. Banks pitching for Padres. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Cust scored, Holliday to third. Crosby hit sacrifice fly to right, Holliday scored. Davis flied out to center. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop. Banks walked. Cabrera flied out to left. Gwynn singled to left, Banks to second. Eckstein singled to center, Banks scored, Gwynn to second, Gwynn to third, Eckstein to second on error by center fielder Davis. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Kouzmanoff flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Banks pitching for Padres. Ed Gonzalez singled to right. Kennedy flied out to right. Suzuki grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Ed Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Headley flied out to center. Gonzalez flied out to right. Alfonzo singled to center. Banks grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Banks pitching for Padres. Cust flied out to center. Holliday singled to right. Giambi flied out to center. Holliday stole second. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Cabrera singled to center. Gwynn walked, Cabrera to second. Springer pitching for Athletics. Eckstein grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gwynn out at second, Cabrera to third. Gonzalez intentionally walked, Eckstein to second. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Cabrera and Eckstein scored, Gonzalez to second. Headley struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Adams pitching for Padres. Venable in right field. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. Sweeney hit for Davis. Sweeney struck out swinging. Garciaparra hit for Springer. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Sweeney in center field. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Alfonzo popped out to first. Venable struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Kennedy grounded out to first. Suzuki singled to center. Cust lined out to center. Holliday walked, Suzuki to second. Giambi singled to right center, Suzuki scored, Holliday to third. Cabrera doubled to deep left center, Holliday and Giambi scored. Crosby walked. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Sweeney flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Hannahan at third base. Crosby at first base. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Gwynn singled to center. Eckstein grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Gwynn out at second. Gonzalez walked. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Barton at first base. Kouzmanoff singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Headley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Barton doubled to deep center. Kennedy sacrificed to pitcher, Barton to third. Suzuki singled to center, Barton scored. Cust struck out swinging. Ekstrom pitching for Padres. Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Ekstrom. Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop, Suzuki to third. Holliday stole second. Hannahan flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Blanks hit for Ekstrom. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Blanks struck out looking. Alfonzo grounded out to third. Venable walked. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Venable out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 7 - Padres 5.	Cabrera's double lifts A's to victory over Padres