Padres - Top 1st. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera struck out swinging. Gwynn struck out looking. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Correia pitching for Padres. Lopez grounded out to second. Drew tripled to center. Upton struck out looking. Reynolds struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Kouzmanoff doubled to deep center. Headley grounded out to shortstop, Kouzmanoff to third. Blanks grounded out to third. Alfonzo singled to center, Kouzmanoff scored. Gonzalez singled to left, Alfonzo to second. Correia popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Correia pitching for Padres. Montero reached on bunt single to third. Parra struck out swinging. Montero caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Tracy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Gwynn walked. Gwynn picked off first. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Correia pitching for Padres. Young doubled to deep left. Davis sacrificed to pitcher, Young to third, Davis safe at first on error by pitcher Correia. Young scored, Davis to second on throwing error by pitcher Correia. Lopez batting. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to second, Davis scored on throwing error by second baseman Gonzalez. Upton fouled out to right. Reynolds struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 4 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Kouzmanoff flied out to right. Headley singled to center. Blanks struck out looking. Alfonzo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Correia pitching for Padres. Montero singled to center. Parra tripled to deep center, Montero scored. Tracy hit sacrifice fly to left, Parra scored. Young flied out to right. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Correia singled to left. Cabrera singled to center. Gwynn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Correia pitching for Padres. Lopez grounded out to second. Drew walked. Upton grounded out to pitcher, Drew to second. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez struck out looking. Kouzmanoff reached on infield single to shortstop. Headley walked, Kouzmanoff to second. Blanks flied out to left. Alfonzo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kouzmanoff out at third, Headley to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Correia pitching for Padres. Montero grounded out to first. Parra singled to center. Tracy flied out to center. Young walked, Parra to second. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez hit for Correia. Rodriguez walked. Cabrera reached on infield single to first, Rodriguez to second. Gwynn singled to center, Rodriguez scored, Cabrera to third. Schoeneweis pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gwynn out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Drew fouled out to catcher. Upton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks. Kouzmanoff doubled to deep center. Headley doubled to deep right, Kouzmanoff scored. Blanks struck out swinging. Alfonzo fouled out to catcher. Gonzalez popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Adams pitching for Padres. Reynolds flied out to center. Montero grounded out to first. Parra grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Venable hit for Adams. Venable flied out to right. Cabrera grounded out to second. Gwynn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 3 - Diamondbacks 4.	D-backs' Davis tops Pads for long-awaited win