Padres - Top 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Gwynn grounded out to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Correia pitching for Padres. Rollins fouled out to first. Victorino singled to center. Utley walked, Victorino to second. Howard flied out to center. Ibanez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Kouzmanoff grounded out to pitcher. Headley struck out swinging. Blanks singled to left. Salazar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blanks out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Correia pitching for Padres. Werth doubled to deep center. Feliz singled to center, Werth scored. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Feliz out at second. Hamels grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Ruiz out at second. Rollins doubled to deep left center, Hamels scored. Victorino hit by pitch. Utley singled to left, Rollins scored, Victorino to second. Howard struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Alfonzo lined out to left. Correia grounded out to third. Gwynn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Correia pitching for Padres. Ibanez lined out to right. Werth doubled to deep right. Feliz reached on infield single to second, Werth scored, Feliz to second on throwing error by second baseman Salazar. Ruiz grounded out to third, Feliz to third. Hamels grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Cabrera struck out looking. Gonzalez walked. Kouzmanoff lined out to left. Headley doubled to deep left, Gonzalez scored. Blanks homered to left, Headley scored. Salazar flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Correia pitching for Padres. Rollins walked. Rollins stole second. Victorino grounded out to first, Rollins to third. Utley walked. Howard singled to center, Rollins scored, Utley to second. Ibanez doubled to deep left, Utley and Howard scored. Ekstrom pitching for Padres. Werth singled to center, Ibanez scored. Feliz singled to left, Werth to second. Ruiz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Feliz out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Alfonzo flied out to left. Ekstrom grounded out to shortstop. Gwynn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Ekstrom pitching for Padres. Hamels struck out swinging. Rollins struck out looking. Victorino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Cabrera walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Ekstrom pitching for Padres. Utley flied out to center. Howard walked. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Howard safe at second on error by first baseman Gonzalez. Werth struck out swinging, Howard to third, Ibanez to second on wild pitch by Ekstrom. Feliz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 7th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Headley flied out to center. Blanks struck out swinging. Salazar doubled to deep left center. Alfonzo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Ruiz homered to left. Stairs hit for Hamels. Stairs flied out to left. Rollins singled to center. Victorino singled to right, Rollins to second. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Rodriguez at second base. Utley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Victorino out at second, Rollins to third. Howard struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Carpenter pitching for Phillies. Rodriguez popped out to shortstop. Gwynn doubled to left. Cabrera singled to center, Gwynn scored. Cabrera stole second. Gonzalez walked. Park pitching for Phillies. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, third to second to third, Gonzalez out at second, Cabrera out at third, Kouzmanoff to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Ibanez struck out swinging. Werth struck out looking. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Ho Park pitching for Phillies. Headley flied out to left. Blanks struck out swinging. Macias hit for Thatcher. Macias grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 4 - Phillies 9.	Phils take 15th in last 17