Padres - Top 1st. Martin pitching for Nationals. Gwynn flied out to left. Cabrera doubled to deep right. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Cabrera to third. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Morgan tripled to deep right center. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morgan out at home. Zimmerman homered to center, Guzman scored. Dunn singled to right. Johnson struck out swinging. Willingham flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Martin pitching for Nationals. Headley grounded out to shortstop. Macias grounded out to first. Rodriguez walked. Lobaton singled to right, Rodriguez to third. Stauffer grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Belliard struck out looking. Nieves struck out swinging. Martin walked. Morgan singled to center, Martin to third. Guzman reached on infield single to shortstop, Martin scored, Morgan to second. Zimmerman walked, Morgan to third, Guzman to second. Dunn homered to center, Morgan, Guzman and Zimmerman scored. Johnson walked. Willingham struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Gwynn flied out to right. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop. Cabrera stole second. Gonzalez walked. Kouzmanoff struck out looking. Headley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Nieves struck out swinging. Clippard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Macias struck out swinging. Rodriguez flied out to left. Lobaton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Morgan reached on infield single to pitcher, Morgan to second on throwing error by pitcher Perdomo. Guzman struck out swinging. Zimmerman flied out to right. Dunn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 5th. Salazar hit for Perdomo. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Salazar struck out swinging. Gwynn struck out looking. Cabrera lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Ekstrom pitching for Padres. Johnson struck out swinging. Willingham doubled to deep right center. Belliard walked. Nieves struck out swinging. Clippard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff popped out to second. Headley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Ekstrom pitching for Padres. Morgan singled to left. Guzman singled to left, Morgan to second. Zimmerman doubled to deep right, Morgan scored, Guzman to third. Dunn hit sacrifice fly to center, Guzman scored. Johnson struck out looking. Willingham singled to center, Zimmerman scored. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Venable in left field. Belliard struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Hernandez at second base. Harris in left field. Kensing pitching for Nationals. Kearns in right field. Macias walked. Rodriguez flied out to center. Lobaton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Macias out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Blanks at first base. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Nieves struck out swinging. Kearns grounded out to second. Morgan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Beimel pitching for Nationals. Venable struck out swinging. Gwynn singled to right. Cabrera singled to right, Gwynn to second. Blanks grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gwynn out at third, Cabrera to second. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Cabrera scored, Blanks to second. Alfonzo hit for Thatcher. Alfonzo grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Guzman singled to center. Zimmerman singled to right, Guzman to second. Hernandez singled to center, Guzman to third, Zimmerman to second. Johnson singled to right, Guzman and Zimmerman scored, Hernandez to third. Harris grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hernandez scored, Johnson out at second. Gonzalez hit for Beimel. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harris out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. MacDougal pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez at shortstop. Macias popped out to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Lobaton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 1 - Nationals 13.	Dunn's slam ignites Nats' drubbing of Padres