Padres - Top 1st. Parra pitching for Brewers. Gwynn struck out swinging. Eckstein struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to center. Headley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Carrillo pitching for Padres. Lopez flied out to center. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. Braun fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Parra pitching for Brewers. Kouzmanoff singled to right. Blanks doubled to left, Kouzmanoff to third. Hundley struck out swinging. Cabrera intentionally walked. Carrillo grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kouzmanoff out at home, Blanks to third, Cabrera to second. Gwynn grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Carrillo pitching for Padres. Fielder homered to center. Cameron hit by pitch. Gerut walked, Cameron to second. Rivera homered to center, Cameron and Gerut scored. Parra struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Lopez lined out to center. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Parra pitching for Brewers. Eckstein grounded out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Headley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Carrillo pitching for Padres. Counsell hit by pitch. Braun homered to left, Counsell scored. Fielder grounded out to third. Cameron walked. Gerut doubled to deep left, Cameron scored. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Gerut to third on wild pitch by Perdomo. Rivera homered to left center, Gerut scored. Parra struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Parra pitching for Brewers. Kouzmanoff hit ground rule double to deep center. Blanks struck out swinging. Hundley struck out swinging. Cabrera walked. Perdomo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Lopez struck out looking. Counsell grounded out to second. Braun grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Parra pitching for Brewers. Gwynn flied out to center. Eckstein singled to center. Gonzalez singled to center, Eckstein to third. Headley singled to center, Eckstein scored, Gonzalez to second. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Headley to second. Blanks singled to left, Headley to third, Kouzmanoff to second. Hundley hit sacrifice fly to center, Headley scored, Kouzmanoff to third. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Fielder homered to left center. Cameron grounded out to shortstop. Gerut singled to center. Rivera walked, Gerut to second. Parra singled to right, Gerut scored, Rivera to second. Escobar lined out to left. Lopez walked, Rivera to third, Parra to second. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Counsell popped out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Salazar hit for Thatcher. Parra pitching for Brewers. Salazar homered to center. Gwynn reached on infield single to third. Eckstein flied out to right. Gonzalez homered to center, Gwynn scored. Headley grounded out to shortstop. Kouzmanoff singled to right. DiFelice pitching for Brewers. Blanks struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Padres. Braun grounded out to shortstop. Fielder walked. Cameron walked, Fielder to second. Gerut grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cameron out at second, Fielder to third. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. DiFelice pitching for Brewers. Hundley grounded out to third. Cabrera walked. Rodriguez hit for Webb. Cabrera stole second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Gwynn flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Burke pitching for Padres. Iribarren hit for DiFelice. Iribarren popped out to shortstop. Escobar reached on infield single to catcher. Lopez doubled to right center, Escobar scored. Counsell struck out swinging. Braun flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Weathers pitching for Brewers. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez walked. Headley walked, Gonzalez to second. Kouzmanoff singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Headley to second. Blanks struck out looking. Hundley safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez, Headley scored, Kouzmanoff to third. Cabrera singled to right, Kouzmanoff scored, Hundley to third. Stetter pitching for Brewers. Venable hit for Burke. Venable flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Fielder grounded out to second. Cameron doubled to deep left. Gerut flied out to left. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Hoffman pitching for Brewers. Gwynn grounded out to shortstop. Eckstein grounded out to second. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 9 - Brewers 12.	Brewers hold off Pads after hitting 5 homers