Padres - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gwynn grounded out to shortstop. Eckstein singled to right. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Eckstein out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Latos pitching for Padres. Schumaker grounded out to second. Rasmus singled to left. Pujols walked, Rasmus to second. Holliday flied out to right, Rasmus to third. Ludwick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Headley grounded out to second. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. Venable grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Latos pitching for Padres. DeRosa grounded out to pitcher. Molina fouled out to first. Ryan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Blanco doubled to left. Cabrera struck out looking. Latos grounded out to second, Blanco to third. Gwynn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Latos pitching for Padres. Wainwright homered to left. Schumaker doubled to deep left. Rasmus reached on bunt single to third, Schumaker to third. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Schumaker scored, Rasmus out at second. Holliday flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out looking. Headley singled to center. Kouzmanoff lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Latos pitching for Padres. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. DeRosa grounded out to shortstop. Molina singled to center. Molina stole second. Ryan singled to right, Molina scored. Wainwright grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ryan out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Venable flied out to center. Blanco struck out looking. Cabrera doubled to left. Latos grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Latos pitching for Padres. Schumaker walked. Rasmus singled to deep right center, Schumaker to third. Pujols walked, Rasmus to second. Holliday singled to left, Schumaker and Rasmus scored, Pujols to second. Mujica pitching for Padres. Ludwick singled to left, Pujols scored, Holliday to second. DeRosa flied out to center. Molina singled to center, Holliday scored, Ludwick to third. Ryan grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ludwick out at home, Molina to second. Wainwright struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gwynn grounded out to second. Eckstein grounded out to third. Gonzalez hit ground rule double to deep left. Headley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Schumaker grounded out to second. Rasmus grounded out to first. Pujols flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. Venable singled to left center. Blanco singled to right, Venable to second. Cabrera singled to right, Venable to third, Blanco to second. Rodriguez hit for Mujica. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Holliday doubled to left. Ludwick struck out swinging. DeRosa doubled to deep center, Holliday scored. Molina grounded out to shortstop, DeRosa to third. Ryan popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Gwynn hit by pitch. Eckstein flied out to left. Gonzalez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gwynn out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Greene hit for Miller. Greene singled to center. Lugo hit for Schumaker. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Greene out at second. Rasmus fouled out to third. Pujols singled to center, Lugo to third. Holliday doubled to deep right center, Lugo scored, Pujols to third. Ludwick grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Lugo at second base. Thurston in left field. Motte pitching for Cardinals. DeRosa at first base. Greene at third base. Headley doubled to deep left. Kouzmanoff homered to center, Headley scored. Venable singled to center. Blanco fouled out to catcher. Cabrera struck out swinging. Salazar hit for Thatcher. Salazar flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 2 - Cardinals 9.	Wainwright homers in 14th victory for Cards