Nationals - Top 1st. Correia pitching for Padres. Harris grounded out to first. Gonzalez flied out to right. Dunn reached on infield single to third. Zimmerman singled to right center, Dunn to third. Orr grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Cabrera grounded out to third. Eckstein grounded out to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Correia pitching for Padres. Nieves grounded out to shortstop. Maxwell lined out to left. Padilla grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. Headley walked. Venable singled to center, Headley to second. Hundley walked, Headley to third, Venable to second. Macias grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hundley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Correia pitching for Padres. Lannan struck out swinging. Harris grounded out to first. Gonzalez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Correia struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to third. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Correia pitching for Padres. Dunn struck out looking. Zimmerman fouled out to first. Orr grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez safe at first on error by second baseman Orr. Kouzmanoff walked, Gonzalez to second. Headley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kouzmanoff out at second, Gonzalez to third. Venable struck out swinging. Hundley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Headley out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Correia pitching for Padres. Nieves grounded out to first. Maxwell flied out to center. Padilla flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Macias lined out to left. Correia grounded out to second. Cabrera reached on infield single to third. Eckstein singled to left, Cabrera to second. Gonzalez doubled to deep left, Cabrera and Eckstein scored. Kouzmanoff intentionally walked. Headley doubled to deep right, Gonzalez and Kouzmanoff scored. Venable singled to right center, Headley scored. Hundley popped out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Morse hit for Lannan. Correia pitching for Padres. Morse struck out swinging. Harris flied out to right. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Macias singled to center. Correia sacrificed to pitcher, Macias to second. Cabrera grounded out to second, Macias to third. Eckstein doubled to deep left center, Macias scored. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Correia pitching for Padres. Dunn struck out swinging. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Orr flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Sosa pitching for Nationals. Kouzmanoff popped out to shortstop. Headley walked. Venable struck out swinging. Hundley walked, Headley to second. Macias walked, Headley to third, Hundley to second. Correia popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Correia pitching for Padres. Nieves walked. Maxwell lined out to left. Nieves to second on wild pitch by Correia. Padilla struck out swinging. Dukes hit for Sosa. Dukes walked. Harris singled to right, Nieves to third, Dukes to second. Mujica pitching for Padres. Gonzalez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. MacDougal pitching for Nationals. Cabrera walked. Eckstein singled to center, Cabrera to second. Gonzalez walked, Cabrera to third, Eckstein to second. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, second to first, Cabrera scored, Gonzalez out at second, Eckstein to third. Headley grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Dunn flied out to center. Zimmerman singled to shallow left. Orr struck out swinging. Nieves flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 0 - Padres 7.	Correia, Padres hand Nationals sixth straight loss