Rangers - Top 1st. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Odor grounded out to shortstop. Mazara singled to right. Beltré grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mazara out at second. Beltré to second on wild pitch by Happ. Fielder singled to left, Beltré scored. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Holland pitching for Rangers. Pillar singled to shallow left. Donaldson singled to center, Pillar to second. Pillar to third, Donaldson to second on wild pitch by Holland. Bautista walked. Encarnación doubled to deep right center, Pillar, Donaldson and Bautista scored. Smoak flied out to right, Encarnación to third. Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher. Martin singled to center, Encarnación scored. Barney singled to right, Martin to second. Carrera singled to shallow center, Martin scored, Barney to second. Pillar flied out to center. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Moreland flied out to center. Rua lined out to third. Holaday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Donaldson fouled out to first. Bautista popped out to shortstop. Encarnación walked. Smoak grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Alberto reached on infield single to pitcher. Odor struck out swinging. Mazara grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Alberto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Tulowitzki singled to left. Martin lined out to center. Barney reached on infield single to third, Tulowitzki to second. Carrera reached on infield single to first, Tulowitzki to third, Barney to second. Pillar doubled to deep left, Tulowitzki and Barney scored, Carrera to third. Donaldson intentionally walked. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to third, Carrera scored, Pillar out at third, Donaldson to second. Encarnación homered to left center (418 feet), Donaldson and Bautista scored. Ramos pitching for Rangers. Smoak flied out to right. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. Fielder flied out to center. Desmond doubled to deep left. Moreland grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Ramos pitching for Rangers. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. Martin singled to center. Barney grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Rua struck out swinging. Holaday struck out swinging. Alberto flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Ramos pitching for Rangers. Carrera grounded out to first. Pillar doubled to right. Donaldson flied out to center, Pillar to third. Bautista grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Odor grounded out to second. Mazara singled to left. Beltré flied out to center. Fielder singled to center, Mazara to second. Desmond grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. DeShields in center field. Desmond in left field. Rua at third base. Ramos pitching for Rangers. Encarnación doubled to left. Smoak grounded out to shortstop. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. Martin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Moreland struck out swinging. Rua grounded out to third. Holaday walked. Alberto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Ramos pitching for Rangers. Barney grounded out to shortstop. Carrera walked. Pillar grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Carrera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Goins at shortstop. Girodo pitching for Blue Jays. Odor struck out swinging. Mazara safe at first on error by pitcher Girodo. DeShields grounded into double play, third to second to first, Mazara out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Klein pitching for Rangers. Donaldson walked. Bautista walked, Donaldson to second. Encarnación flied out to right. Smoak singled to right center, Donaldson scored, Bautista to second. Goins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Smoak out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Fielder lined out to left. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Moreland singled to center. Rua singled to center, Moreland to second. Holaday singled to left, Moreland scored, Rua to second. Alberto struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 2 - Blue Jays 12.	Encarnacion's 6 RBIs power Jays in rout of Texas