Dodgers - Top 1st. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Utley grounded out to second. Seager walked. Turner flied out to right. Gonzalez singled to left, Seager to second. Puig grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Pillar struck out swinging. Donaldson struck out swinging. Bautista doubled to deep left. Encarnación flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Pederson homered to center (449 feet). Crawford lined out to left. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Smoak reached on infield single to shortstop. Tulowitzki singled to left, Smoak to second. Saunders grounded into double play, second to first, Tulowitzki out at second, Smoak to third. Barney singled to right, Smoak scored. Thole struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Utley singled to center. Seager reached on infield single to third, Utley to second. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to second, Utley to third, Seager safe at second on error by second baseman Barney. Utley scored, Seager to third, Turner to second on passed ball by Thole. Gonzalez singled to center, Seager and Turner scored. Puig struck out looking. Kendrick grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Pillar flied out to right. Donaldson singled to left. Bautista grounded into double play, third to second to first, Donaldson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Pederson struck out swinging. Crawford lined out to right. Ellis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Encarnación popped out to second. Smoak struck out swinging. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Utley flied out to center. Seager singled to right. Turner grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Saunders struck out swinging. Barney singled to left center. Thole struck out swinging. Pillar doubled to deep left center, Barney scored. Donaldson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Puig popped out to second. Kendrick lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Encarnación struck out swinging. Smoak grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Pederson struck out swinging. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Ellis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Saunders singled to center. Barney grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Saunders out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Girodo pitching for Blue Jays. Hernández hit for Utley. Hernández grounded out to second. Seager struck out looking. Turner homered to left (389 feet). Gonzalez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Hernández in left field. Kendrick at second base. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Thole grounded out to shortstop. Pillar struck out swinging. Donaldson popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Puig struck out swinging. Kendrick walked. Pederson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kendrick safe at third on error by second baseman Barney. Crawford hit sacrifice fly to center, Kendrick scored. Ellis popped out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Bautista popped out to second. Encarnación struck out looking. Smoak singled to center. Tulowitzki lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Blue Jays 2.	Kershaw fans 10, Dodgers end Toronto's 4-game win string