Orioles - Top 1st. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Jones struck out swinging. Rickard reached on infield single to pitcher. Machado grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rickard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles. Carrera popped out to third. Donaldson grounded out to third. Encarnación walked. Saunders flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Davis struck out swinging. Trumbo grounded out to second. Schoop struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles. Smoak walked. Pillar hit by pitch, Smoak to second. Barney grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pillar out at second, Smoak to third. Goins tripled to deep center, Smoak scored. Thole flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Reimold grounded out to shortstop. Peña flied out to center. Janish singled to center. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Janish out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles. Carrera walked. Donaldson singled to shallow center, Carrera to second. Encarnación doubled to left, Carrera scored, Donaldson to third. Saunders hit sacrifice fly to right, Donaldson scored, Encarnación to third. Smoak struck out swinging. Pillar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Rickard homered to left (365 feet). Machado doubled to right center. Davis homered to right (353 feet), Machado scored. Trumbo grounded out to second. Schoop doubled to center. Schoop to third on passed ball by Thole. Reimold struck out swinging. Peña grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles. Barney flied out to center. Goins walked. Thole grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Goins out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Janish grounded out to shortstop. Jones reached on infield single to second. Rickard grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles. Carrera reached on bunt single to pitcher. Donaldson struck out swinging. Carrera caught stealing second, catcher to second. Encarnación walked. Saunders reached on infield single to shortstop, Encarnación to second. Smoak fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Machado homered to left (405 feet). Davis doubled to deep center. Trumbo popped out to first. Schoop flied out to right, Davis to third. Reimold grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles. Pillar singled to shallow left. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Barney singled to shallow right, Pillar to third. Travis hit for Goins. Travis hit sacrifice fly to left, Pillar scored, Barney to second. Martin hit for Thole. Martin walked. Carrera walked, Barney to third, Martin to second. Donaldson hit sacrifice fly to center, Barney scored. Encarnación homered to left (443 feet), Martin and Carrera scored. Saunders doubled to right. Smoak popped out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Barney at shortstop. Travis at second base. Martin catching. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Peña fouled out to first. Janish flied out to center. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Pillar singled to center. Barney singled to shallow left center, Pillar to second. Travis lined out to right, Pillar to third. Martin hit sacrifice fly to center, Pillar scored. Carrera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Rickard singled to left. Machado singled to shallow left center, Rickard to third, Machado to second on error by left fielder Saunders. Davis walked. Trumbo singled to shallow right center, Rickard scored, Machado to third, Davis to second. Floyd pitching for Blue Jays. Schoop hit sacrifice fly to center, Machado scored, Davis to third, Trumbo to second. Kim hit for Reimold. Kim walked. Peña grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kim out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Kim in left field. Duensing pitching for Orioles. Donaldson flied out to center. Encarnación homered to left (384 feet). Saunders homered to left (363 feet). Smoak walked. Pillar flied out to right. Barney flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Grilli pitching for Blue Jays. Álvarez hit for Janish. Álvarez struck out swinging. Jones singled to center. Rickard struck out swinging. Jones to second on fielder's indifference. Machado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 6 - Blue Jays 11.	Encarnacion hits 2 HRs, drives in 5, Blue Jays beat Orioles