Blue Jays - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Carrera flied out to center. Travis reached on infield single to second. Donaldson singled to center, Travis to third. Encarnación doubled to deep center, Travis scored, Donaldson thrown out at home, Encarnación to third. Saunders doubled to deep right, Encarnación scored. Tulowitzki doubled to left, Saunders scored. Pillar fouled out to right. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Anderson struck out swinging. Eaton reached on infield single to pitcher. Abreu lined out to shortstop. Cabrera fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Goins struck out swinging. Thole walked. Carrera flied out to left. Travis homered to left center (409 feet), Thole scored. Donaldson lined out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Frazier struck out looking. Avila struck out swinging. Lawrie hit an inside-the-park home run to center (393 feet). Navarro homered to right (354 feet). Shuck homered to right center (412 feet). Anderson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Encarnación lined out to left. Saunders grounded out to first. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. Abreu struck out swinging. Cabrera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Pillar lined out to shortstop. Goins singled to right. Thole walked, Goins to second. Carrera singled to right, Goins to third, Thole to second. Travis popped out to first. Donaldson walked, Goins scored, Thole to third, Carrera to second. Encarnación singled to right, Thole and Carrera scored, Donaldson to third. Saunders grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Frazier struck out swinging. Avila struck out looking. Lawrie homered to left (371 feet). Navarro popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Tulowitzki popped out to first. Pillar grounded out to third. Goins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Shuck popped out to shortstop. Anderson grounded out to third. Eaton walked. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Thole lined out to right. Carrera hit ground rule double to deep center. Beck pitching for White Sox. Travis walked. Donaldson fouled out to shortstop. Encarnación walked, Carrera to third, Travis to second. Saunders struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera grounded out to first. Frazier reached on infield single to third. Avila doubled to left, Frazier to third. Floyd pitching for Blue Jays. Lawrie singled to center, Frazier scored, Avila to third. Navarro flied out to left, Lawrie to second. Shuck grounded out to second. Chavez pitching for Blue Jays. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Beck pitching for White Sox. Tulowitzki grounded out to first. Pillar struck out swinging. Goins popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Storen pitching for Blue Jays. Anderson homered to left (360 feet). Eaton singled to center. Eaton stole second. Abreu struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Frazier lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Thole grounded out to second. Carrera grounded out to first. Travis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Grilli pitching for Blue Jays. Avila homered to left (364 feet). Lawrie struck out swinging. Navarro lined out to pitcher. Shuck lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Ynoa pitching for White Sox. Donaldson singled to shallow right. Encarnación doubled to deep right, Donaldson scored. Saunders safe at first on error by second baseman Lawrie, Encarnación to third. Tulowitzki singled to left, Encarnación scored, Saunders to second. Pillar struck out looking. Purke pitching for White Sox. Barney hit for Goins. Barney grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tulowitzki out at second, Saunders to third. Thole popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Barney at third base. Osuna pitching for Blue Jays. Anderson struck out swinging. Eaton homered to left center (395 feet). Abreu singled to right. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Abreu out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 10 - White Sox 8.	Blue Jays overcome 7 solo homers, hold off White Sox 10-8