Blue Jays - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Carrera singled to center. Carrera caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Travis struck out swinging. Donaldson fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Blackmon struck out swinging. Adames grounded out to shortstop. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Encarnación reached first base on catcher's interference. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Pillar singled to left, Encarnación to second. Lake doubled to right, Encarnación scored, Pillar to third. Thole lined out to shortstop. Sanchez grounds out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. González grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Descalso singled to center. Barnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Carrera lined out to second. Travis struck out swinging. Donaldson homered to left (395 feet). Encarnación doubled to left. Tulowitzki singled to right, Encarnación scored. Pillar grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Wolters lined out to shortstop. Anderson grounded out to first. Blackmon singled to left center. Adames grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Lake struck out looking. Thole singled to center. Sanchez struck out looking. Carrera walked, Thole to second. Travis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Arenado singled to shallow right. González singled to left center, Arenado to second. Reynolds grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, González out at second, Arenado to third. Descalso singled to center, Arenado scored. Barnes grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Donaldson walked. Encarnación grounded into double play, third to second to first, Donaldson out at second. Tulowitzki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Wolters lined out to left. Anderson popped out to shortstop. Blackmon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Pillar lined out to left. Lake grounded out to shortstop. Thole singled to right. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Thole out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Adames grounded out to pitcher. Arenado flied out to center. González popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Carrera bunt popped out foul to first. Travis singled to center. Donaldson singled to right, Travis to third. Encarnación singled to center, Travis scored, Donaldson to second. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Donaldson out at third, Encarnación to second. Pillar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Reynolds singled to right. Descalso walked, Reynolds to second. Barnes flied out to center. Wolters walked, Reynolds to third, Descalso to second. Raburn hit for Lyles. Raburn grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wolters out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Germen pitching for Rockies. Lake walked. Thole walked, Lake to second. Sanchez struck out looking. Logan pitching for Rockies. Carrera lined out to right. Travis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Blackmon grounded out to first. Adames grounded out to shortstop. Arenado fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Donaldson lined out to right. Encarnación walked. Goins ran for Encarnación. Tulowitzki walked, Goins to second. Pillar struck out swinging. Saunders hit for Lake. Saunders hit by pitch, Goins to third, Tulowitzki to second. Goins scored, Tulowitzki to third, Saunders to second on wild pitch by Estevez. Thole grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Carrera in right field. Smoak at first base. Saunders in left field. Osuna pitching for Blue Jays. González walked. Reynolds doubled to deep right center, González scored. Descalso doubled to deep right, Reynolds scored. Barnes struck out swinging. Wolters doubled to deep right, Descalso to third. Hundley hit for Estevez. Hundley struck out swinging. Blackmon hit by pitch. Adames struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Rockies 3.	Sanchez leads Blue Jays over Rockies 5-3