Tigers - Top 1st. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Kinsler struck out swinging. Maybin grounded out to third. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Carrera grounded out to second. Donaldson walked. Encarnación grounded out to third, Donaldson to second. Saunders singled to right center, Donaldson scored. Martin doubled to deep left center, Saunders scored. Tulowitzki flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Martínez grounded out to shortstop. Castellanos struck out swinging. Upton homered to center (419 feet). Moya struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Smoak struck out swinging. Pillar fouled out to catcher. Barney singled to left center. Carrera popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. McCann fouled out to right. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop. Maybin walked, Kinsler to second. Cabrera lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Donaldson doubled to deep left. Encarnación flied out to center, Donaldson to third. Saunders walked. Martin struck out swinging. Tulowitzki walked, Saunders to second. Smoak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Martínez struck out swinging. Castellanos homered to center (440 feet). Upton doubled to left center. Moya grounded out to shortstop. McCann singled to right, Upton scored, McCann out stretching at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Pillar grounded out to shortstop. Barney grounded out to third. Carrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Iglesias singled to left center. Kinsler hit by pitch, Iglesias to second. Maybin grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kinsler out at second, Iglesias to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. Martínez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Donaldson safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler. Encarnación walked, Donaldson to second. Saunders struck out swinging. Martin struck out swinging. Tulowitzki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 6th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Castellanos struck out swinging. Upton lined out to center. Moya struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Smoak lined out to right. Pillar singled to center. Barney hit ground rule double to deep right center, Pillar to third. Carrera bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pillar out at home, Barney to third. Greene pitching for Tigers. Donaldson hit by pitch, Carrera to second. Encarnación struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. McCann doubled to center. Iglesias singled to shallow right, McCann to third. Kinsler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McCann scored, Iglesias out at second. Maybin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Aviles in right field. Greene pitching for Tigers. Saunders hit ground rule double to right. Martin grounded out to third. Tulowitzki singled to center, Saunders scored. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Smoak struck out swinging. Pillar singled to center, Tulowitzki to second. Barney grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Grilli pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera flied out to right. Martínez lined out to third. Castellanos walked. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Carrera singled to center. Donaldson singled to right, Carrera to third. Encarnación struck out swinging. Saunders grounded into fielder's choice to first, Carrera out at home, Donaldson to second. Martin walked, Donaldson to third, Saunders to second. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Tulowitzki singled to right, Donaldson and Saunders scored, Martin to third. Smoak flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Carrera in left field. Lake in right field. Osuna pitching for Blue Jays. Aviles grounded out to shortstop. McCann flied out to left. Iglesias struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 4 - Blue Jays 5.	Tulowitzki has 3 RBIs, Blue Jays beat Tigers 5-4