Mariners - Top 1st. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Aoki flied out to left. Smith fouled out to third. Canó reached on infield single to third. Canó to second on passed ball by Thole. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Carrera lined out to pitcher. Donaldson walked. Encarnación reached on infield single to shortstop, Donaldson to second. Saunders popped out to shortstop. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Encarnación out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Seager singled to right center. Lind walked, Seager to second. Martín grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lind out at second, Seager to third. Iannetta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Smoak struck out looking. Pillar walked. Travis singled to right center, Pillar to third. Thole hit sacrifice fly to left, Pillar scored. Carrera grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. O'Malley reached on infield single to third. Aoki grounded into fielder's choice to first, O'Malley out at second. Smith hit by pitch, Aoki to second. Canó hit by pitch, Aoki to third, Smith to second. Cruz homered to center (432 feet), Aoki, Smith and Canó scored. Seager flied out to center. Lind struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Donaldson grounded out to catcher. Encarnación struck out swinging. Saunders grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Martín singled to left center. Iannetta walked, Martín to second. O'Malley reached on infield single to shortstop, Martín to third, Iannetta to second. Aoki reached on infield single to shortstop, Martín scored, Iannetta to third, O'Malley to second. Morales pitching for Blue Jays. Smith grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Iannetta scored, Aoki out at second, O'Malley to third. Canó fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. Smoak grounded out to shortstop. Pillar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Morales pitching for Blue Jays. Cruz flied out to center. Seager grounded out to second. Lind singled to right. Martín flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Travis singled to center. Thole flied out to center. Carrera grounded out to second, Travis to second. Donaldson walked. Encarnación struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Chavez pitching for Blue Jays. Iannetta doubled to deep center. O'Malley reached on bunt single to third, Iannetta to third. Aoki singled to right, Iannetta scored, O'Malley to third. Smith singled to right, O'Malley scored, Aoki to second. Canó singled to right, Aoki to third, Smith to second. Cruz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Aoki scored, Canó out at second, Smith to third. Seager homered to left center (413 feet), Smith scored. Schultz pitching for Blue Jays. Lind grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Saunders homered to left (388 feet). Tulowitzki flied out to left. Smoak flied out to left. Pillar grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Schultz pitching for Blue Jays. Martín grounded out to second. Iannetta singled to left. O'Malley struck out looking. Aoki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Travis struck out looking. Thole grounded out to second. Carrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Storen pitching for Blue Jays. Smith walked. Canó doubled to right, Smith to third. Sardiñas ran for Canó. Cruz homered to left (414 feet), Smith and Sardiñas scored. Seager struck out swinging. Lind singled to left center. Martín grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lind out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Sardiñas at shortstop. O'Malley at second base. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. Encarnación flied out to center. Saunders homered to left (401 feet). Tulowitzki singled to right. Smoak homered to left (372 feet), Tulowitzki scored. Pillar flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Carrera in left field. Lake in right field. Barney at shortstop. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Iannetta grounded out to third. O'Malley struck out swinging. Aoki singled to right. Smith lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Travis hit ground rule double to deep center. Thole flied out to center. Carrera grounded out to first, Travis to third. Donaldson lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 14 - Blue Jays 5.	Cruz has 2 homers, 7 RBIs as Mariners thump Blue Jays 14-5