Royals - Top 1st. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Merrifield grounded out to pitcher. Dozier struck out swinging. Soler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Keller pitching for Royals. Edman walked. Miller lined out to shortstop. Goldschmidt walked, Edman to second. Carpenter hit by pitch, Goldschmidt to second, Edman to third. DeJong hit sacrifice fly to right, Edman scored, Goldschmidt to third. Molina flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. O'Hearn flied out to center. Franco grounded out to pitcher. Gordon lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Keller pitching for Royals. Fowler lined out to left. Carlson grounded out to second. Bader flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Mondesi grounded out to second. Lopez grounded out to second. Viloria hit ground rule double to deep left. Viloria to third on wild pitch by Flaherty. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Keller pitching for Royals. Edman lined out to pitcher. Miller singled to center. Goldschmidt singled to center, Miller to second. Carpenter struck out swinging. DeJong popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Dozier popped out to second. Soler struck out looking. O'Hearn lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Keller pitching for Royals. Molina struck out swinging. Fowler struck out swinging. Carlson singled to left. Bader struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Franco flied out to center. Gordon safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Miller, Gordon safe at second on error. Mondesi grounded out to second, Gordon to third. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Keller pitching for Royals. Edman singled to shallow left. Miller singled to right, Edman to third. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to pitcher, Edman scored, Miller to second. Carpenter walked, Goldschmidt to second, Miller to third. Holland pitching for Royals. DeJong doubled to deep left, Miller scored and Goldschmidt scored, Carpenter to third. Molina hit by pitch. Fowler doubled to right, Carpenter scored and DeJong scored, Molina to third. Carlson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Fowler out at third. Bader hit by pitch. Bader stole second. Edman flied out to right. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Viloria flied out to left. Merrifield safe at first on throwing error by shortstop DeJong. Dozier walked, Merrifield to second. Soler homered to left center (443 feet), Merrifield scored and Dozier scored. Gomber pitching for Cardinals. O'Hearn flied out to left. Franco safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Edman. Gordon struck out looking. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Adams pitching for Royals. Miller singled to center. Goldschmidt homered to left (418 feet), Miller scored. Carpenter flied out to left. DeJong flied out to center. Molina fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Gomber pitching for Cardinals. Mondesi struck out looking. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Viloria walked. Merrifield grounded into fielder's choice to third, Viloria out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Adams pitching for Royals. Fowler grounded out to first. Carlson struck out swinging. Bader doubled to deep center. Edman singled to right, Bader scored. Rosario pitching for Royals. Miller walked, Edman to second. Goldschmidt lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Dozier flied out to left. Soler singled to center. O'Hearn grounded into fielder's choice to second, Soler out at second. Franco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, O'Hearn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Schrock hit for Carpenter. Zimmer pitching for Royals. Schrock grounded out to first. DeJong walked. Molina lined out to second. DeJong to second on passed ball by Viloria. Fowler walked. Carlson walked, Fowler to second, DeJong to third. Bader struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Schrock as designated hitter. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Mondesi popped out to shortstop. Lopez singled to left center. Viloria grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 3 - Cardinals 9.	DeJong, Goldschmidt lead Flaherty, Cards over Keller, Royals