Royals - Top 1st. Plesac pitching for Indians. Merrifield singled to shallow left. Dozier struck out swinging. Franco flied out to left. O'Hearn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Keller pitching for Royals. Hernández grounded out to pitcher. Ramírez popped out to third. Lindor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Plesac pitching for Indians. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Starling struck out swinging. Olivares singled to right. Olivares caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Zach Plesac pitches to Adalberto Mondesi. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Keller pitching for Royals. Santana singled to right. Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop, Santana to third. Naquin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Santana scored on error, Reyes safe at second on fielding error by second baseman Merrifield, Reyes safe at third on error. Naylor grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reyes scored, Naquin out at second. Pérez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Naylor out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 3rd. Plesac pitching for Indians. Mondesi flied out to left. Gallagher singled to left center. Merrifield flied out to right. Dozier struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Keller pitching for Royals. Mercado grounded out to shortstop. Hernández grounded out to second. Ramírez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Plesac pitching for Indians. Franco singled to left. O'Hearn grounded into fielder's choice to second, Franco out at second. Gordon flied out to center. Starling struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Keller pitching for Royals. Lindor singled to center. Santana lined out to left. Reyes singled to center, Lindor to third. Naquin hit sacrifice fly to left, Lindor scored. Naylor grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Plesac pitching for Indians. Olivares reached on infield single to third. Mondesi bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Olivares out at second. Mondesi stole second. Gallagher lined out to shortstop. Merrifield flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Keller pitching for Royals. Pérez safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Franco. Mercado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pérez out at second. Hernández grounded out to second, Mercado to second. Ramírez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 6th. Plesac pitching for Indians. Dozier flied out to center. Franco singled to left. O'Hearn popped out to shortstop. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Keller pitching for Royals. Lindor singled to right. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Lindor out at second, Santana to second. Reyes walked. Naquin grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reyes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Freeman at third base. Plesac pitching for Indians. Starling grounded out to shortstop. Olivares grounded out to third. Mondesi homered to right (458 feet). Gallagher grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Keller pitching for Royals. Naylor reached on infield single to second. Pérez reached on infield single to shortstop, Naylor to third. Mercado reached on infield single to shortstop, Naylor scored, Pérez to second. Hernández bunted into fielder's choice to third, Mercado out at second, Pérez to third. Freeman hit sacrifice fly to right, Pérez scored. Hahn pitching for Royals. Lindor walked, Hernández to second. Santana walked, Lindor to second, Hernández to third. Reyes flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Cimber pitching for Indians. Merrifield grounded out to second. Dozier tripled to deep center. Franco singled to center, Dozier scored. Maton pitching for Indians. O'Hearn grounded out to pitcher, Franco to second. Gordon lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Zuber pitching for Royals. Naquin flied out to left. Naylor struck out looking. Pérez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Hand pitching for Indians. Starling struck out looking. Olivares struck out swinging. Mondesi struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 2 - Indians 5.	Plesac solid for 7, Indians hand Royals seventh loss in row