Braves - Top 1st. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Schafer struck out swinging. Simmons struck out swinging. Upton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Hudson pitching for Braves. Parra struck out swinging. Gregorius popped out to shortstop. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center. Chavez singled to left center, Goldschmidt scored. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chavez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Freeman grounded out to second. McCann singled to center. Upton struck out swinging. Francisco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Montero struck out swinging. Prado singled to center. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Prado out at second. Kennedy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Pena lined out to first. Hudson grounded out to second. Schafer reached on infield single to shortstop. Simmons safe at first on error by third baseman Chavez, Schafer to second. Upton walked, Schafer to third, Simmons to second. Freeman walked, Schafer scored, Simmons to third, Upton to second. McCann flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Parra walked. Gregorius grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Parra out at second. Goldschmidt doubled to deep left. Chavez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Upton struck out looking. Francisco struck out swinging. Pena grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Ross struck out swinging. Montero grounded out to shortstop. Prado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Hudson struck out swinging. Schafer reached on bunt single to second, Schafer to second on throwing error by second baseman Prado. Simmons flied out to center. Upton walked. Freeman doubled to deep center, Schafer and Upton scored. McCann popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. Kubel hit for Kennedy. Kubel walked. Parra reached on infield single to shortstop, Kubel to second. Gregorius singled to center, Kubel scored, Parra to second. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Chavez doubled to deep left center, Parra and Gregorius scored. Ross singled to right, Chavez scored. Montero lined out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks. Upton grounded out to third. Francisco struck out looking. Pena singled to center. Johnson hit for Hudson. Johnson singled to center, Pena to second. Schafer fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Gearrin pitching for Braves. Prado fouled out to first. Pollock grounded out to third. Pennington hit for Reynolds. Pennington grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Simmons grounded out to second. Upton singled to right. Freeman singled to center, Upton to second. McCann struck out looking. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Freeman out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Gearrin pitching for Braves. Parra singled to left. Gregorius grounded out to third, Parra to second. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right, Parra to third. Chavez intentionally walked. Ross grounded into double play, third to first, Goldschmidt out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Francisco struck out swinging. Pena singled to left center. Gattis hit for Gearrin. Gattis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pena safe at second on error by shortstop Gregorius. Schafer lined out to right. Simmons lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Varvaro pitching for Braves. Montero flied out to left. Prado struck out looking. Pollock lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Bell pitching for Diamondbacks. Upton struck out looking. Freeman doubled to deep left. McCann grounded out to second, Freeman to third. Upton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 3 - Diamondbacks 5.	Goldschmidt's 3 2Bs lift D-backs by Braves