Braves - Top 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Heyward safe at first on error by first baseman LaRoche. Upton struck out swinging. Freeman struck out swinging. McCann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Minor pitching for Braves. Harper grounded out to first. Desmond walked. Zimmerman flied out to right. Ramos singled to right, Desmond to third. LaRoche doubled to deep right center, Desmond scored, Ramos thrown out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Johnson grounded out to first. Uggla struck out swinging. Upton walked. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to third, Upton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Minor pitching for Braves. Rendon singled to center. Lombardozzi grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rendon out at second. Hairston doubled to deep left. Strasburg grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Minor grounded out to shortstop. Heyward reached on infield single to shortstop. Upton reached on infield single to third, Heyward to second. Freeman singled to right, Heyward scored, Upton to second. McCann flied out to center. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freeman out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Minor pitching for Braves. Harper walked. Desmond lined out to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Ramos lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Uggla grounded out to pitcher. Upton struck out looking. Simmons struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Minor pitching for Braves. LaRoche singled to right. Rendon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LaRoche out at second. Lombardozzi grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rendon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Minor popped out to shortstop. Heyward fouled out to third. Upton singled to center. Upton stole second. Freeman singled to center, Upton scored. McCann struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Minor pitching for Braves. Hairston walked. Strasburg sacrificed to catcher, Hairston to second. Harper flied out to left. Desmond struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Johnson struck out swinging. Uggla grounded out to shortstop. Upton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Minor pitching for Braves. Zimmerman singled to left. Ramos singled to deep right, Zimmerman to third. LaRoche struck out swinging. Rendon hit sacrifice fly to left, Zimmerman scored. Lombardozzi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramos out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Simmons grounded out to third. Minor grounded out to third. Heyward grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Minor pitching for Braves. Hairston doubled to deep left. Werth hit for Strasburg. Carpenter pitching for Braves. Werth struck out swinging. Harper lined out to right. Desmond grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Harper in left field. Span in center field. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Upton homered to left (382 feet). Freeman singled to center. McCann grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Freeman out at second. Johnson lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Janish at third base. Carpenter pitching for Braves. Zimmerman struck out looking. Ramos flied out to right. Avilan pitching for Braves. LaRoche lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Mattheus pitching for Nationals. Uggla walked. Upton reached on infield single to shortstop, Uggla out at third. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Upton out at second. Terdoslavich hit for Avilan. Simmons to second on passed ball by Ramos. Terdoslavich grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Walden pitching for Braves. Rendon reached on infield single to shortstop. Span sacrificed to third, Rendon to second. Rendon to third on wild pitch by Walden. Hairston fouled out to catcher. Tracy hit for Mattheus. Tracy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 3 - Nationals 2.	J. Upton's HR lifts Braves to 11th straight win