Nationals - Top 1st. Wood pitching for Braves. Span struck out looking. Zimmerman flied out to center. Harper doubled to deep left. Werth grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Heyward singled to center. Upton walked, Heyward to second, Heyward to third on throwing error by catcher Ramos. Freeman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Heyward scored, Upton out at second. McCann grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 2nd. Wood pitching for Braves. Desmond struck out swinging. LaRoche flied out to center. Ramos flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Johnson singled to center. Schafer lined into double play, third to first, Johnson doubled off first. Simmons struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Wood pitching for Braves. Rendon singled to left. Jordan sacrificed to pitcher, Rendon to second. Span struck out swinging. Zimmerman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Janish singled to center. Wood struck out swinging. Heyward singled to left center, Janish to second. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Heyward out at second, Janish to third, Janish scored on throwing error by second baseman Rendon. Freeman walked, Upton to second. McCann grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 4th. Wood pitching for Braves. Harper hit by pitch. Werth singled to center, Harper to third. Desmond grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harper scored, Werth out at second. LaRoche struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Johnson flied out to right. Schafer walked. Simmons singled to left, Schafer to second. Janish grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Simmons out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Wood pitching for Braves. Ramos singled to deep left. Rendon singled to right, Ramos to second. Jordan sacrificed to first, Ramos to third, Rendon to second. Span struck out swinging. Zimmerman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Wood grounded out to second. Heyward grounded out to first. Upton singled to left. Freeman safe at first on error by first baseman LaRoche, Upton to third. McCann grounded into fielder's choice to second, Freeman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 6th. Wood pitching for Braves. Harper struck out swinging. Werth grounded out to third. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Johnson grounded out to first. Schafer singled to left center. Simmons struck out swinging. Janish grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Wood pitching for Braves. LaRoche struck out swinging. Carpenter pitching for Braves. Ramos flied out to right. Rendon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Lombardozzi at second base. Terdoslavich hit for Carpenter. Terdoslavich grounded out to first. Heyward struck out swinging. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Avilan pitching for Braves. Lombardozzi grounded out to shortstop. Span grounded out to pitcher. Zimmerman doubled to center. Harper hit by pitch. Ayala pitching for Braves. Werth singled to right, Zimmerman scored, Harper to second. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harper out at third, Werth to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Freeman grounded out to third. McCann struck out looking. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Kimbrel pitching for Braves. LaRoche singled to right. Ramos grounded into fielder's choice to second, LaRoche out at second. Tracy hit for Stammen. Tracy singled to right, Ramos to second. Suzuki ran for Ramos. Lombardozzi grounded into fielder's choice to first, Tracy out at second, Suzuki to third. Span grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Suzuki catching. Storen pitching for Nationals. Schafer struck out looking. Simmons singled to center. Gattis hit for Janish. Gattis struck out swinging. Laird hit for Kimbrel. Laird lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 10th. Gosselin at second base. Downs pitching for Braves. Zimmerman grounded out to second. Harper walked. Werth grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 10th. Krol pitching for Nationals. Heyward grounded out to second. Upton homered to left center (402 feet). 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 2 - Braves 3.	J. Upton's walk-off HR lifts Braves past Nats