Dodgers - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks. Betts flied out to center. Seager walked. Pollock flied out to right. Bellinger walked, Seager to second. Muncy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Rojas flied out to left. Marte grounded out to first. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks. Taylor struck out swinging. Lux homered to left (378 feet). Ríos flied out to center. Barnes reached on infield single to third. Betts grounded into fielder's choice to third, Barnes out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Calhoun grounded out to pitcher. Escobar flied out to left. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks. Seager flied out to center. Pollock grounded out to second. Bellinger singled to center. Muncy singled to right, Bellinger to third. Taylor flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Vogt flied out to center. Varsho homered to left (346 feet). Locastro singled to right center. Locastro stole second. Rojas singled to right, Locastro to third. Locastro scored on error, Marte safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Lux, Rojas safe at third on error. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rojas scored, Marte out at second. Calhoun homered to left (387 feet), Walker scored. González pitching for Dodgers. Escobar struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks. Lux struck out swinging. Ríos walked. Barnes walked, Ríos to second. Betts flied out to right. Seager flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Dodgers. Peralta grounded out to pitcher. Vogt struck out swinging. Varsho grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks. Pollock reached on infield single to third. Bergen pitching for Diamondbacks. Bellinger flied out to left. Pollock to second on pickoff error by pitcher Bergen. Muncy walked. Taylor singled to center, Pollock scored, Muncy to second. Lux struck out swinging. Ríos walked, Taylor to second, Muncy to third. Mella pitching for Diamondbacks. Barnes grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Floro pitching for Dodgers. Locastro grounded out to shortstop. Rojas singled to center. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rojas out at second. Walker lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Rondón pitching for Diamondbacks. Betts struck out looking. Seager struck out swinging. Pollock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Kolarek pitching for Dodgers. Calhoun walked. Escobar reached on infield single to second, Calhoun to third. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Calhoun scored, Escobar out at second. Mathisen hit for Vogt. Peralta to second on wild pitch by Kolarek. Mathisen struck out swinging. Varsho grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Mathisen as designated hitter. Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks. Bellinger walked. Muncy flied out to left. Taylor walked, Bellinger to second. Lux reached on infield single to catcher, Bellinger scored, Taylor to second. Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks. Lux to second on wild pitch by Crichton, Taylor to third on wild pitch by Crichton. Ríos doubled to deep right, Lux scored and Taylor scored. Barnes walked. Betts singled to center, Ríos scored, Barnes to third. Seager grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Betts out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Treinen pitching for Dodgers. Locastro grounded out to third. Rojas lined out to left. Marte grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks. Pollock lined out to right. Bellinger struck out, Bellinger to first on wild pitch by Crichton. Bellinger stole second. Muncy struck out swinging. Taylor hit by pitch. Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks. Bellinger stole third. Lux walked, Taylor to second. Ríos grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Treinen pitching for Dodgers. Walker grounded out to third. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Calhoun hit by pitch. Escobar flied out to center. Peralta reached on infield single to pitcher, Calhoun to second. Mathisen lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks. Barnes flied out to center. Betts flied out to center. Seager walked. Seager to second on wild pitch by Ginkel. Pollock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Varsho struck out swinging. Locastro walked. Rojas flied out to center. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Locastro safe at third on throwing error by catcher Barnes, Locastro thrown out at home. Kenley Jansen pitches to Ketel Marte. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 10th. López pitching for Diamondbacks. Bellinger flied out to left, Pollock to third. Muncy walked. Taylor grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pollock scored on fielding error by third baseman Escobar, Muncy to second. Lux homered to right (422 feet), Muncy scored and Taylor scored. Ríos grounded out to first. Barnes grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Marte grounded out to first, Rojas to third. Walker homered to left (444 feet), Rojas scored. Calhoun grounded out to second. Escobar doubled to right. Escobar to third on fielder's indifference. Peralta singled to center, Escobar scored. Mathisen struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 10 - Diamondbacks 9.	Lux hits 2 HRs, lifts Dodgers over D-backs in 10 innings