Dodgers - Top 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Betts fouled out to left. Seager singled to deep center. Pollock lined out to left. Muncy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. May pitching for Dodgers. Rojas reached on infield single to pitcher. VanMeter grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rojas out at second. Walker singled to shallow right, VanMeter to second. Calhoun lined out to left. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Taylor struck out looking. Bellinger singled to center. Hernández flied out to right. Smith singled to shallow left, Bellinger to second. Barnes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. González pitching for Dodgers. Peralta singled to shallow right. Peralta to second on wild pitch by González, Peralta safe at third on throwing error by catcher Barnes. Ahmed struck out swinging. Varsho lined out to shortstop. Kelly flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Betts grounded out to third. Seager homered to left (372 feet). Pollock homered to left (402 feet). Muncy grounded out to pitcher. Taylor safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Escobar. Bellinger flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Rojas safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Muncy. VanMeter doubled to right, Rojas to third. Walker doubled to left, Rojas scored and VanMeter scored. Calhoun lined out to right, Walker to third. Escobar flied out to left. Peralta struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández reached on infield single to pitcher. Smith doubled to deep left, Hernández to third. Barnes flied out to center. Betts walked. Seager grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Betts out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Ahmed reached on infield single to pitcher. Varsho lined out to center. Kelly singled to left center, Ahmed to second. Rojas popped out to shortstop. VanMeter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Pollock flied out to left. Muncy flied out to center. Taylor walked. Bellinger grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Walker flied out to right. Calhoun grounded out to second. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández walked. Smith reached on infield single to second, Smith thrown out at second, Hernández to third. Barnes walked. Barnes caught stealing second, Hernández caught stealing home, catcher to second to catcher. Betts walked. Seager grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Peralta grounded out to second. Ahmed singled to center. Ahmed to second on wild pitch by Gonsolin. Varsho tripled to deep right, Ahmed scored. Kelly homered to left center (415 feet), Varsho scored. Rojas grounded out to shortstop. VanMeter fouled out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Pollock struck out looking. Muncy struck out looking. Taylor struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Walker struck out looking. Calhoun grounded out to first. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Bellinger grounded out to first. Hernández walked. Smith singled to shallow right, Hernández to second. Ríos hit for Barnes. Ríos struck out swinging. Betts flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Smith catching. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Peralta singled to deep left center. Ahmed flied out to center. Varsho walked, Peralta to second. Kelly struck out looking. Rojas lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Seager grounded out to second. Pollock walked. Bergen pitching for Diamondbacks. Muncy struck out looking. Taylor popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 2 - Diamondbacks 5.	Diamondbacks shake prolonged slump, beat Dodgers 5-2