White Sox - Top 1st. Miley pitching for Orioles. Anderson singled to shallow right. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Anderson out at second. Abreu singled to right. García reached on infield single to second, Abreu to second. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Davidson fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Smith reached on infield single to second. Jones popped out to second. Machado flied out to right. Davis walked, Smith to second. Trumbo singled to right, Smith to third, Davis to second. Schoop hit by pitch, Smith scored, Davis to third, Trumbo to second. Kim grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schoop out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Saladino grounded out to shortstop. García struck out swinging. Narváez singled to right. García flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Hardy grounded out to second. Joseph struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Anderson struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Abreu doubled to deep left center. García grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Machado grounded out to pitcher. Davis homered to left center (432 feet). Trumbo flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Davidson lined out to center. Saladino popped out to second. García flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Schoop lined out to second. Kim struck out swinging. Hardy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Narváez flied out to left. García grounded out to pitcher. Anderson singled to center. Cabrera singled to right, Anderson to third. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. Smith singled to center. Jones struck out swinging. Machado reached on infield single to pitcher, Smith to second. Davis singled to right, Smith to third, Machado to second. Trumbo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. García struck out swinging. Davidson struck out looking. Saladino flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Schoop grounded out to third. Kim flied out to left. Hardy grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Rickard in left field. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. García singled to center. Narváez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, García out at second. García singled to center. Crichton pitching for Orioles. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, García out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Joseph flied out to right. Smith struck out swinging. Swarzak pitching for White Sox. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Gentry in left field. Rickard in right field. Crichton pitching for Orioles. Cabrera walked. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Abreu singled to right, Cabrera to third. García grounded out to third, Cabrera scored, Abreu to second. Sánchez hit for Davidson. Sánchez struck out swinging. Asche hit for Saladino. Asche intentionally walked. García grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Sánchez at second base. Asche at third base. Swarzak pitching for White Sox. Machado grounded out to second. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Davis singled to left. Trumbo singled to left, Davis to second. Ynoa pitching for White Sox. Schoop fouled out to third. Rickard doubled to deep left, Davis scored, Trumbo to third. Hardy safe at first on error by shortstop Anderson, Trumbo scored, Rickard to third. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 9th. Brach pitching for Orioles. Narváez reached on infield single to pitcher. García singled to shallow left, Narváez to second. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, García out at second, Narváez to third. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Narváez scored, Anderson out at second. Abreu lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 2 - Orioles 4.	Miley struck by 2 line drives, but Orioles top White Sox 4-2