White Sox - Top 1st. Heston pitching for Mariners. García grounded out to second. Cabrera walked. Abreu walked, Cabrera to second. García flied out to right, Cabrera to third. Frazier walked, Abreu to second. Sánchez singled to right, Cabrera and Abreu scored, Frazier to third. Anderson reached on infield single to second, Frazier scored, Sánchez to second. Davidson singled to right, Sánchez scored, Anderson to third. Smith reached on infield single to pitcher, Anderson scored, Davidson to second. García flied out to left. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Holland pitching for White Sox. Segura singled to left. Heredia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Segura out at second. Cruz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Heston pitching for Mariners. Cabrera grounded out to second. Abreu singled to left, Abreu out stretching at second. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Holland pitching for White Sox. Seager singled to center. Motter flied out to left. Gamel grounded into fielder's choice to third, Seager out at second. Vogelbach popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Heston pitching for Mariners. Frazier lined out to left. Sánchez flied out to center. Anderson homered to left (354 feet). Davidson struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Holland pitching for White Sox. Gosewisch singled to left. Dyson grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop to first, Gosewisch out at second. Segura flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Heston pitching for Mariners. Smith doubled to left. García walked. Cabrera safe at first on error by first baseman Vogelbach, Smith to third, García to second. Altavilla pitching for Mariners. Abreu grounded into double play, second to first, Smith scored, Cabrera out at second, García to third. García popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Holland pitching for White Sox. Heredia bunt grounded out to pitcher. Cruz struck out swinging. Seager struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Altavilla pitching for Mariners. Frazier walked. Frazier to second on wild pitch by Altavilla. Sánchez grounded out to second, Frazier to third. Anderson grounded out to third. Davidson singled to left, Frazier scored. Smith grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. García in right field. Holland pitching for White Sox. Motter walked. Gamel grounded into fielder's choice to second, Motter out at second. Vogelbach singled to right, Gamel to third. Gosewisch grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vogelbach out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Pazos pitching for Mariners. García grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera singled to right. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Pazos. Abreu struck out swinging. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Holland pitching for White Sox. Dyson walked. Segura flied out to right. Heredia lined into double play, third to first, Dyson doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Cishek pitching for Mariners. Frazier struck out swinging. Sánchez flied out to left. Anderson singled to left. Davidson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Holland pitching for White Sox. Cruz homered to left (394 feet). Seager flied out to center. Motter grounded out to shortstop. Gamel singled to center. Gamel to second on fielder's indifference. Vogelbach struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Rzepczynski pitching for Mariners. Smith grounded out to shortstop. García grounded out to second. Cabrera walked. Lawrence pitching for Mariners. Abreu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Holland pitching for White Sox. Gosewisch struck out swinging. Dyson struck out swinging. Segura struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Lawrence pitching for Mariners. García grounded out to third. Frazier struck out swinging. Sánchez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Infante pitching for White Sox. Heredia grounded out to first. Cruz fouled out to first. Seager walked. Motter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 8 - Mariners 1.	White Sox get strong outing from Holland in 8-1 win