White Sox - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. García flied out to left. Sánchez flied out to center. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Betts grounded out to shortstop. Benintendi hit ground rule double to deep right center. Núñez singled to deep center, Benintendi scored. Núñez stole second. Ramírez doubled to deep center, Núñez scored. Devers homered to left (357 feet), Ramírez scored. Bogaerts flied out to right. Moreland grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Moncada walked. Delmonico singled to right, Moncada to third. Saladino singled to left, Moncada scored, Delmonico to second. Delmonico to third, Saladino to second on wild pitch by Porcello. Anderson grounded out to shortstop, Delmonico scored. Narváez lined out to shortstop. Engel lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Vázquez singled to center. Bradley Jr. flied out to center. Betts homered to left (402 feet), Vázquez scored. Benintendi hit by pitch. Benintendi stole second. Núñez popped out to shortstop. Ramírez reached on infield single to second, Benintendi scored. Infante pitching for White Sox. Devers safe at first on error by left fielder Delmonico, Ramírez advanced to second on Delmonico error, Ramírez tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. García singled to center. Sánchez flied out to left. García stole second. Abreu struck out swinging. Moncada walked. Delmonico homered to right (380 feet), García and Moncada scored. Saladino singled to right. Anderson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Infante pitching for White Sox. Bogaerts flied out to left. Moreland struck out looking. Vázquez reached on infield single to second. Bradley Jr. singled to right, Vázquez to second. Betts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Narváez grounded out to first. Engel lined out to right. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Infante pitching for White Sox. Benintendi doubled to deep left center. Núñez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Benintendi out at third. Ramírez lined out to left. Holmberg pitching for White Sox. Devers walked, Núñez to second. Bogaerts lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Sánchez reached on infield single to pitcher, Sánchez to second on throwing error by pitcher Porcello. Abreu grounded out to first, Sánchez to third. Moncada struck out looking. Delmonico struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Holmberg pitching for White Sox. Moreland doubled to deep center. Vázquez grounded out to first, Moreland to third. Bradley Jr. flied out to center. Betts intentionally walked. Benintendi singled to left center, Moreland scored, Betts to second. Goldberg pitching for White Sox. Núñez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Benintendi out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Saladino flied out to center. Anderson doubled to deep left center. Abad pitching for Red Sox. Narváez struck out swinging. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Engel struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Goldberg pitching for White Sox. Ramírez flied out to right. Devers grounded out to third. Bogaerts reached on infield single to shortstop. Moreland doubled to left, Bogaerts scored. Vázquez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Reed pitching for Red Sox. García grounded out to first. Sánchez grounded out to shortstop. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Bummer pitching for White Sox. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. Betts grounded out to first. Benintendi walked. Núñez singled to right, Benintendi thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Moncada grounded out to second. Delmonico lined out to first. Saladino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Clippard pitching for White Sox. Ramírez walked. Devers struck out swinging. Bogaerts flied out to center. Moreland flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Anderson struck out looking. Narváez struck out looking. Hanson hit for Engel. Hanson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 5 - Red Sox 9.	Devers has 2-run homer for Red Sox in 9-5 win over White Sox