Tigers - Top 1st. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Kinsler hit by pitch. Machado sacrificed to pitcher, Kinsler to second. Upton grounded out to shortstop, Kinsler to third. Cabrera walked. Mahtook lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Hanson struck out looking. Saladino flied out to center. Abreu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Martínez flied out to right. McCann grounded out to shortstop. Romine flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Farmer pitching for Tigers. García singled to left center, García to second on error by left fielder Upton. Davidson struck out swinging. Anderson grounded out to shortstop, García to third. Sánchez homered to right (389 feet), García scored. Narváez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 3rd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Iglesias doubled to deep center. Kinsler struck out looking. Machado lined out to third. Upton homered to center (398 feet), Iglesias scored. Cabrera homered to center (363 feet). Mahtook walked. Martínez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mahtook out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Engel flied out to right. Hanson flied out to left. Saladino popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. McCann grounded out to shortstop. Romine doubled to deep left. Iglesias struck out swinging. Kinsler singled to center, Romine scored. Kinsler stole second. Machado singled to left, Kinsler scored. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Machado out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Abreu hit by pitch. García grounded into fielder's choice to third, Abreu out at second. Davidson fouled out to catcher. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, García out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Cabrera singled to right. Mahtook grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. Martínez struck out swinging, Mahtook stole second. McCann safe at first on error by third baseman Saladino, Mahtook to third. Romine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Sánchez lined out to second. Narváez singled to center. Engel struck out swinging. Hanson fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Pelfrey pitching for White Sox. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler struck out looking. Machado singled to deep left. Upton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Saladino grounded out to shortstop. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. García walked. Davidson singled to center, García to second, García to third on error by center fielder Mahtook. Anderson doubled to deep right center, García scored, Davidson to third. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. Sánchez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 7th. Pelfrey pitching for White Sox. Cabrera singled to left. Mahtook grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. Martínez walked, Mahtook to second. McCann hit by pitch, Mahtook to third, Martínez to second. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Romine hit sacrifice fly to center, Mahtook scored. Martínez to third, McCann to second on wild pitch by Petricka. Iglesias struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. Narváez struck out looking. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Engel struck out swinging. Hanson walked. Saladino grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Kinsler grounded out to second. Machado grounded out to third. Upton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Abreu grounded out to third. García walked. Davidson singled to shallow right, García to second. Greene pitching for Tigers. Anderson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Davidson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Beck pitching for White Sox. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Mahtook flied out to center. Martínez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Greene pitching for Tigers. Sánchez struck out swinging. Narváez singled to left. Brantly hit for Engel. García ran for Narváez. García to second on fielder's indifference. Brantly struck out looking. Hanson safe at first on error by pitcher Greene, García to third. Saladino struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Tigers 6 - White Sox 3.	Upton, Cabrera power Tigers past White Sox 6-3