Giants - Top 1st. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Span grounded out to shortstop. Panik walked. Posey grounded into fielder's choice to second, Panik safe at second on error by second baseman Moncada. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Posey out at second, Panik to third. Hundley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Moore pitching for Giants. Anderson struck out swinging. Moncada flied out to right. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Pence struck out swinging. Sandoval flied out to left. Williamson safe at first on error by third baseman Davidson. Williamson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Jones batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Moore pitching for Giants. García flied out to right. Davidson hit by pitch. Delmonico grounded into fielder's choice to second, Davidson out at second. Smith flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Jones walked. Span grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. Panik flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Moore pitching for Giants. Saladino grounded out to shortstop. Engel tripled to deep right center. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Engel out at home. Moncada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Posey lined out to center. Crawford singled to right center. Hundley walked, Crawford to second. Crawford to third, Hundley to second on wild pitch by Giolito. Pence struck out swinging. Sandoval homered to right center (413 feet), Crawford and Hundley scored. Williamson grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Moore pitching for Giants. Abreu singled to center. García homered to right center (360 feet), Abreu scored. Davidson struck out looking. Delmonico walked. Smith flied out to left. Saladino grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Jones struck out looking. Span lined out to center. Panik grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Moore pitching for Giants. Engel flied out to right. Anderson safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Crawford. Moncada flied out to right. Abreu fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 6th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Posey safe at first on error by second baseman Moncada. Crawford singled to center, Posey to third. Hundley struck out swinging. Pence walked, Crawford to second, Posey stole home. Pence batting. Bummer pitching for White Sox. Crawford to third, Pence to second on wild pitch by Bummer. Sandoval hit sacrifice fly to left, Crawford scored, Pence to third. Williamson grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Moore pitching for Giants. García grounded out to second. Davidson struck out swinging. Delmonico lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Bummer pitching for White Sox. Jones struck out swinging. Span walked. Panik grounded out to pitcher, Span to second. Posey intentionally walked. Crawford doubled to left, Span scored, Posey to third. Farquhar pitching for White Sox. Hundley flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Moore pitching for Giants. Smith singled to shallow left center. Saladino fouled out to first. Engel reached on bunt single to third, Smith to second. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Engel out at second, Smith to third. Moncada walked, Anderson to second. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Moncada out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Farquhar pitching for White Sox. Pence flied out to left. Sandoval flied out to left. Williamson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Gearrin pitching for Giants. García grounded out to shortstop. Davidson lined out to right. Delmonico flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Minaya pitching for White Sox. Jones struck out looking. Span homered to right center (366 feet). Panik singled to shallow left. Posey singled to left, Panik to second. Calixte ran for Posey. Crawford grounded out to pitcher, Panik to third, Calixte to second. Hundley singled to left, Panik and Calixte scored. Alburquerque pitching for White Sox. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hundley out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Moronta pitching for Giants. Smith popped out to second. Saladino walked. Engel struck out swinging. Anderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 9 - White Sox 2.	Sandoval snaps 0 for 38 with HR as Giants top White Sox 9-2