Orioles - Top 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Roberts lined out to third. Mora walked. Markakis reached on infield single to third, Mora to second, Mora to third on error by third baseman Beltre. Millar struck out swinging. Markakis to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Suzuki walked. Suzuki caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Lopez flied out to center. Ibanez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Huff grounded out to shortstop. Payton popped out to second. Hernandez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Beltre homered to left. Vidro grounded out to third. Sexson grounded out to third. Johjima grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Jones doubled to deep right center. Fahey lined out to left. Roberts walked. Mora fouled out to first. Markakis walked, Roberts to second. Millar popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Bloomquist singled to center. Betancourt singled to shallow right, Bloomquist to third. Suzuki walked, Betancourt to second. Lopez hit sacrifice fly to right, Bloomquist scored, Betancourt to third. Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to center, Betancourt scored. Beltre walked, Suzuki to second. Suzuki stole third, Beltre stole second. Vidro hit ground rule double to deep center, Suzuki and Beltre scored. Bierd pitching for Orioles. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Huff flied out to center. Payton homered to left. Hernandez flied out to right. Jones safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt. Fahey singled to center, Jones to second. Roberts struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Bierd pitching for Orioles. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. Bloomquist grounded out to pitcher. Betancourt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Mora singled to left. Markakis singled to center, Mora to third. Millar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mora scored, Markakis out at second. Huff grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Bierd pitching for Orioles. Suzuki grounded out to second. Lopez grounded out to second. Ibanez doubled to deep left center. Albers pitching for Orioles. Beltre walked. Vidro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Payton reached on infield single to second. Hernandez grounded out to third, Payton to second. Payton stole third. Jones reached on infield single to third, Payton scored. Fahey grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Jones out at. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Albers pitching for Orioles. Sexson struck out swinging. Johjima popped out to shortstop. Bloomquist grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Rhodes pitching for Mariners. Roberts singled to left. Mora singled to center, Roberts to second. Markakis walked, Roberts to third, Mora to second. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Millar hit sacrifice fly to left, Roberts scored. Huff singled to center, Mora scored, Markakis to second. Payton flied out to center, Markakis to third. Hernandez walked, Huff to second. Jones doubled to deep left, Markakis and Huff scored, Hernandez to third. Green pitching for Mariners. Scott hit for Fahey. Scott grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Hernandez at shortstop. Albers pitching for Orioles. Betancourt singled to left center. Walker pitching for Orioles. Suzuki homered to right, Betancourt scored. Lopez singled to center. Ibanez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Lopez out at second. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Beltre struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Green pitching for Mariners. Roberts homered to right. Mora grounded out to second. Markakis flied out to center. Millar grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Vidro flied out to right. Sexson lined out to right. Johjima singled to deep right. Cairo ran for Johjima. Bloomquist grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Burke catching. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Huff lined out to center. Payton struck out swinging. Hernandez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Sherrill pitching for Orioles. Betancourt singled to center. Suzuki grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Betancourt out at second. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 8 - Mariners 7.	Orioles rally from five down to clip Mariners late