Mariners - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Suzuki singled to center. Lopez grounded out to first, Suzuki to second. Ibanez flied out to left. Beltre walked. Vidro walked, Suzuki to third, Beltre to second. Sexson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Silva pitching for Mariners. Sizemore doubled to deep center. Dellucci doubled to deep left center, Sizemore scored. Hafner grounded out to shortstop, Dellucci to third. Martinez hit by pitch. Peralta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Wilkerson singled to right. Johjima grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Wilkerson out at second. Betancourt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Cabrera grounded out to second. Blake flied out to right. Gutierrez singled to left. Marte lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Lopez grounded out to third. Ibanez safe at first on error by second baseman Cabrera. Beltre singled to left, Ibanez to second. Vidro doubled to deep left, Ibanez scored, Beltre to third. Sexson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Sizemore struck out swinging. Dellucci flied out to center. Hafner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Wilkerson singled to center. Johjima grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wilkerson out at second. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Martinez grounded out to second. Peralta grounded out to third. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Lopez doubled to left. Ibanez flied out to center. Beltre walked. Vidro doubled to deep center, Lopez scored, Beltre to third. Sexson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Blake grounded out to second. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Marte grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Wilkerson singled to center. Johjima popped out to second. Betancourt grounded out to third, Wilkerson to second. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Sizemore doubled to deep center. Dellucci lined out to shortstop. Hafner flied out to right. Martinez reached on infield single to shortstop, Sizemore to third. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Lopez flied out to right. Ibanez struck out swinging. Beltre walked. Kobayashi pitching for Indians. Vidro grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Cabrera bunt grounded out to first. Blake grounded out to shortstop. Gutierrez singled to right center. Gutierrez stole second. Marte flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Kobayashi pitching for Indians. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. Wilkerson walked. Johjima grounded out to third, Wilkerson to second. Betancourt reached on infield single to third, Wilkerson to third. Perez pitching for Indians. Suzuki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Sizemore walked. Dellucci singled to right, Sizemore to third. Rhodes pitching for Mariners. Hafner grounded out to first, Sizemore scored, Dellucci to second. Martinez popped out to shortstop. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Peralta struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Lopez reached on infield single to second. Ibanez singled to right, Lopez to second. Beltre homered to right, Lopez and Ibanez scored. Vidro flied out to center. Breslow pitching for Indians. Sexson doubled to left. Cairo ran for Sexson. Bloomquist hit for Wilkerson. Cairo stole third. Bloomquist walked. Bloomquist stole second. Johjima popped out to second. Betancourt singled to left, Cairo and Bloomquist scored. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop, Betancourt to second. Mastny pitching for Indians. Lopez safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta, Betancourt to third, Suzuki to second. Ibanez struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 9th. Cairo at first base. Bloomquist in right field. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Cabrera flied out to left. Blake hit by pitch. Gutierrez singled to left, Blake to second. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gutierrez out at second, Blake to third. Marte to second on fielder's indifference. Sizemore grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - Indians 2.	Beltre's 3-run HR in 9th powers M's past Indians