Blue Jays - Top 1st. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Eckstein popped out to shortstop. Scutaro flied out to left. Rios popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki singled to left. Lopez struck out swinging. Ibanez reached on infield single to first, Suzuki to second. Vidro grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Wells grounded out to third. Overbay struck out swinging. Rolen fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Beltre singled to center. Reed flied out to left. Sexson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Beltre out at second. Sexson stole second. Clement hit by pitch. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Clement out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Zaun popped out to first. Lind singled to right. McDonald fouled out to first. Eckstein flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki flied out to left. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Ibanez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Scutaro singled to left. Rios walked, Scutaro to second. Wells doubled to deep right center, Scutaro scored, Rios to third. Overbay hit by pitch. Rolen popped out to shortstop. Zaun grounded into fielder's choice to left, Rios scored, Wells out at third, Overbay to second. Lind singled to right, Overbay scored, Zaun to third. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lind out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Vidro lined out to right. Beltre singled to left. Reed grounded out to second, Beltre to second. Sexson reached on infield single to pitcher, Beltre to third, Beltre scored, Sexson to second on throwing error by pitcher Litsch. Clement singled to left, Sexson to third. Betancourt singled to right, Sexson scored, Clement to second. Suzuki grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Scutaro singled to right. Rios lined into double play, to first, Scutaro out at first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Lopez flied out to center. Ibanez singled to center. Ibanez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Vidro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Wells singled to center. Overbay safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez, Wells to third. Rolen walked, Overbay to second. Zaun singled to right, Wells scored, Overbay to third, Rolen to second. Lind doubled to left, Overbay and Rolen scored, Zaun to third. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. Stairs hit for Eckstein. Jimenez pitching for Mariners. Stairs struck out swinging. Stairs hit for Eckstein. Jimenez pitching for Mariners. Stairs struck out swinging. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Beltre flied out to center. Reed singled to shallow right. Sexson lined out to third. Clement singled to center, Reed to second. Betancourt singled to center, Reed scored, Clement to second. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betancourt out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Jimenez pitching for Mariners. Rios flied out to center. Wells singled to right center. Overbay struck out swinging. Rolen popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez struck out swinging. Vidro singled to center. Beltre homered to right, Vidro scored. Bloomquist hit for Reed. Bloomquist flied out to right. Bloomquist hit for Reed. Bloomquist flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Bloomquist in center field. Rhodes pitching for Mariners. Zaun reached on infield single to shortstop. Lind struck out looking. McDonald flied out to center. Stairs singled to left, Zaun to second. Green pitching for Mariners. Zaun to third, Stairs to second on wild pitch by Green. Scutaro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Sexson homered to left. Clement struck out swinging. Betancourt grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki reached on bunt single to second. Lopez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Rios struck out swinging. Wells struck out swinging. Overbay walked. Rolen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Ibanez walked. Vidro sacrificed to third, Ibanez to second. Beltre intentionally walked. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Bloomquist singled to deep left center, Ibanez scored, Beltre to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Mariners 7.	Bloomquist drives in winner in 9th as M's rally