Orioles - Top 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Roberts grounded out to first. Jones singled to right. Markakis doubled to deep right center, Jones scored. Huff struck out swinging. Mora flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Olson pitching for Orioles. Suzuki singled to right. Bloomquist out on batter's interference to catcher. Bloomquist batting. Ibanez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to catcher, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Hernandez flied out to center. Millar flied out to left. Payton doubled to deep center. Castro walked. Roberts walked, Payton to third, Castro to second. Jones flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Olson pitching for Orioles. Beltre flied out to center. Lopez flied out to left. Vidro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Markakis singled to shallow center. Huff lined out to right. Markakis caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Mora struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Olson pitching for Orioles. Cairo grounded out to first. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. Reed grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Hernandez flied out to left. Millar walked. Payton flied out to right. Castro fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Olson pitching for Orioles. Suzuki grounded out to second. Bloomquist walked. Bloomquist caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Ibanez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Roberts singled to left. Jones grounded into double play, third to second to first, Roberts out at second. Markakis singled to right. Huff singled to right, Markakis to second. Mora singled to center, Markakis scored, Huff to second. Hernandez doubled to deep left center, Huff scored, Mora to third. Millar walked. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Payton tripled to deep right center, Mora, Hernandez and Millar scored. Castro singled to right, Payton scored. Roberts doubled to deep left, Castro to third. Jones singled to center, Castro and Roberts scored. Markakis batting. 8 Runs, 9 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Olson pitching for Orioles. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Lopez singled to center. Vidro singled to left center, Lopez to second. Cairo flied out to center. Johjima flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Scott hit for Huff. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Scott struck out looking. Mora grounded out to second. Hernandez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Olson pitching for Orioles. Reed singled to center. Suzuki lined into double play, to first, Reed doubled off first. Bloomquist singled to right. Ibanez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Millar doubled to left. Payton struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to second, Millar to third. Roberts grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Olson pitching for Orioles. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Lopez singled to center. Vidro singled to left, Lopez to second. Cairo grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Vidro out at second, Lopez to third. Johjima grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cairo out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Bloomquist in left field. LaHair at first base. Cairo at shortstop. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Markakis grounded out to first. Scott safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Corcoran. Cintron hit for Mora. Cintron singled to left, Scott to second. Hernandez walked, Scott to third, Cintron to second. Millar singled to center, Scott scored, Cintron to third, Hernandez to second. Payton flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Fahey at shortstop. Cintron at second base. Castro at third base. Olson pitching for Orioles. Reed struck out looking. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Bloomquist lined out to third. LaHair flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Castro struck out swinging. Fahey struck out looking. Jones flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Olson pitching for Orioles. Beltre singled to right. Burke hit for Lopez. Burke popped out to shortstop. Clement hit for Vidro. Clement singled to right, Beltre to second. Cairo singled to left, Beltre to third, Clement to second. Cormier pitching for Orioles. Johjima reached on infield single to shortstop, Beltre scored, Clement to third, Cairo to second. Reed singled to right, Clement scored, Cairo to third, Johjima to second. Suzuki grounded out to first, Cairo scored, Johjima to third, Reed to second. Bloomquist reached on infield single to shortstop, Johjima scored, Reed to third. LaHair reached on infield single to shortstop, Reed scored, Bloomquist to second. Beltre flied out to left. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 10 - Mariners 5.	O's ride early offense, Olson's arm past Mariners