Rays - Top 1st. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Iwamura singled to center. Upton struck out swinging. Crawford flied out to left. Pena hit by pitch, Iwamura to second. Bartlett flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Garza pitching for Rays. Suzuki homered to right. Reed walked. Ibanez doubled to deep center, Reed to third. Beltre grounded out to second, Reed scored, Ibanez to third. Lopez fouled out to third. Balentien struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Zobrist singled to left. Aybar flied out to right. Navarro grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Zobrist out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Garza pitching for Rays. LaHair singled to center. Johjima doubled to left, LaHair to third. Betancourt singled to center, LaHair scored, Johjima to third. Suzuki singled to right, Johjima scored, Betancourt to third. Reed grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Betancourt scored, Suzuki out at second. Ibanez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Gross homered to right. Iwamura lined out to left. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Crawford reached on infield single to first. Pena struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Garza pitching for Rays. Beltre singled to center. Lopez doubled to left, Beltre to third. Balentien fouled out to first. LaHair lined out to right. Johjima fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Bartlett fouled out to right. Zobrist flied out to right. Aybar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Garza pitching for Rays. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki struck out swinging. Reed doubled to deep center. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Navarro reached on infield single to second. Gross flied out to right. Iwamura grounded into fielder's choice to second, Navarro safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Lopez. Upton struck out looking. Crawford walked, Navarro to third, Iwamura to second. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Garza pitching for Rays. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Lopez grounded out to third. Balentien struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Bartlett struck out looking. Zobrist lined out to left. Aybar doubled to left. Navarro walked. Gross reached on infield single to second, Aybar to third, Navarro to second. Jimenez pitching for Mariners. Iwamura reached on infield single to second, Aybar scored, Navarro to third, Gross to second. Upton doubled to left, Navarro and Gross scored, Iwamura to third. Crawford doubled to deep center, Iwamura and Upton scored. Pena singled to right, Crawford scored, Pena out stretching at second. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Garza pitching for Rays. LaHair struck out swinging. Johjima singled to right. Betancourt popped out to shortstop. Howell pitching for Rays. Suzuki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Bartlett grounded out to second. Zobrist grounded out to second. Aybar safe at first on error by first baseman LaHair. Aybar to second on wild pitch by Corcoran. Navarro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Bloomquist hit for Reed. Howell pitching for Rays. Bloomquist singled to center. Ibanez walked, Bloomquist to second. Balfour pitching for Rays. Beltre grounded out to pitcher, Bloomquist to third, Ibanez to second. Lopez struck out swinging. Balentien flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Bloomquist in center field. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Gross grounded out to second. Iwamura singled to center. Upton flied out to right. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Wheeler pitching for Rays. LaHair hit ground rule double to left. Clement hit for Johjima. Clement doubled to deep center, LaHair scored. Cairo ran for Clement. Betancourt bunt popped out foul to catcher. Suzuki singled to center, Cairo scored. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Miller pitching for Rays. Ibanez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Burke catching. Putz pitching for Mariners. Pena singled to right. Hinske hit for Bartlett. Hinske fouled out to third. Zobrist walked, Pena to second. Aybar flied out to center, Pena to third. Navarro fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Bradford pitching for Rays. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Lopez singled to center. Balentien lined out to center. LaHair walked, Lopez to second. Burke grounded out to, LaHair tagged out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 10th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Gross batting. Iwamura walked. Upton walked, Iwamura to second. Crawford walked, Iwamura to third, Upton to second. Pena struck out swinging. Hinske lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 10th. Bradford pitching for Rays. Betancourt singled to center. Suzuki singled to right, Betancourt to second. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at second, Betancourt to third. Washburn ran for Bloomquist. Ibanez intentionally walked, Washburn to second. Beltre grounded into double play, third to catcher to first, Betancourt out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 11th. Suzuki in right field. Batista pitching for Mariners. Balentien in center field. Zobrist walked. Zobrist stole second. Aybar grounded out to first, Zobrist to third. Navarro hit sacrifice fly to left, Zobrist scored. Gross struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 11th. Percival pitching for Rays. Lopez grounded out to third. Balentien flied out to left. LaHair struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 8 - Mariners 7.	Rays climb from 5-run hole, pass Mariners in 11th