Mariners - Top 1st. Richard pitching for White Sox. Suzuki safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Richard. Cairo singled to right, Suzuki to third. Ibanez grounded into double play, first to catcher, Suzuki out at home, Cairo to second. Beltre walked. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cairo out at third, Beltre to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Cabrera grounded out to second. Pierzynski singled to right. Quentin walked, Pierzynski to second. Dye grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Quentin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Richard pitching for White Sox. Balentien grounded out to pitcher. Johjima lined out to center. Burke grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Thome doubled to deep center. Ramirez singled to left, Thome to third. Griffey Jr hit sacrifice fly to right, Thome scored. Swisher singled to left, Ramirez to second. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Swisher out at second, Ramirez to third. Cabrera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Richard pitching for White Sox. Betancourt grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Cairo doubled to left. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Pierzynski doubled to center. Quentin doubled to deep right, Pierzynski scored. Dye flied out to right. Quentin stole third. Thome intentionally walked. Ramirez singled to left, Quentin scored, Thome to second. Griffey Jr grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ramirez out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Richard pitching for White Sox. Beltre hit ground rule double to deep left center. Lopez grounded out to second, Beltre to third. Balentien struck out swinging. Johjima popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Swisher homered to right center. Uribe reached on infield single to second. Cabrera doubled to deep left, Uribe to third. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Quentin grounded out to third. Dye grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Richard pitching for White Sox. Burke lined out to shortstop. Betancourt safe at first on error by third baseman Uribe. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Betancourt out at second. Cairo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Thome homered to right. Ramirez flied out to right. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. Swisher walked. Uribe lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Richard pitching for White Sox. Ibanez doubled to deep center. Beltre grounded out to third. Lopez flied out to center. Balentien singled to left, Ibanez to third. Johjima lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Cabrera grounded out to third. Pierzynski singled to left. Quentin reached on infield single to third, Pierzynski to second. Dye grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Quentin out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Burke grounded out to shortstop. Betancourt struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Jimenez pitching for Mariners. Thome grounded out to first. Ramirez flied out to left. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Anderson in center field. Dotel pitching for White Sox. Cairo flied out to right. Ibanez singled to left. Beltre singled to center, Ibanez to second. Lopez flied out to right. Balentien struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Green pitching for Mariners. Swisher lined out to center. Uribe struck out swinging. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. Reed hit for Burke. Reed fouled out to third. Betancourt walked. Suzuki reached on infield single to second, Betancourt to second. Clement hit for Cairo. Clement struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 0 - White Sox 5.	ChiSox gang up on King Felix, keep division lead