Athletics - Top 1st. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Ellis struck out swinging. Crosby reached on infield single to third. Brown fouled out to first. Thomas struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Suzuki walked. Betancourt struck out swinging. Beltre flied out to right. Ibanez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Suzuki flied out to left. Cust grounded out to first. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Lopez grounded out to second. Balentien grounded out to second. Clement struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Barton singled to right. Pennington struck out swinging. Patterson popped out to shortstop. Crosby singled to center, Barton to second. Brown hit by pitch, Barton to third, Crosby to second. Thomas struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Brown in left field. Davis in center field. Gonzalez in right field. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. LaHair struck out swinging. Cairo grounded out to second. Suzuki singled to left center. Betancourt singled to center, Suzuki to second. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betancourt out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Suzuki grounded out to third. Davis homered to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Barton grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Ibanez walked. Lopez doubled to deep left center, Ibanez scored. Balentien safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Patterson, Lopez to third. Clement doubled to deep center, Lopez and Balentien scored. LaHair sacrificed to pitcher, Clement to third. Cairo sacrificed to third, Clement scored. Suzuki struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Pennington grounded out to third. Patterson popped out to shortstop. Crosby doubled to left. Brown flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Betancourt doubled to left. Beltre walked. Ibanez struck out swinging. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltre out at second, Betancourt to third. Balentien struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Green pitching for Mariners. Thomas hit by pitch. Suzuki hit by pitch, Thomas to second. Davis singled to right, Thomas to third, Suzuki to second. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Thomas scored, Davis out at second, Suzuki to third. Barton singled to left, Suzuki scored, Gonzalez to third, Barton to second advancing on throw. Jimenez pitching for Mariners. Pennington singled to right, Gonzalez and Barton scored. Patterson sacrificed to pitcher, Pennington to second. Crosby grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Clement flied out to left. LaHair singled to right. Cairo doubled to left, LaHair to third. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop, LaHair scored. Betancourt popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Brown grounded out to pitcher. Thomas grounded out to third. Suzuki popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Beltre doubled to center. Ibanez grounded out to second, Beltre to third. Lopez singled to center, Beltre scored. Balentien flied out to left. Clement doubled to deep left center, Lopez scored. Embree pitching for Athletics. Johjima hit for LaHair. Johjima flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Burke catching. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Davis reached on infield single to second. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Davis out at second. Barton walked. Hannahan hit for Pennington. Hannahan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Hannahan at third base. Embree pitching for Athletics. Cairo grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki lined out to right. Betancourt fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Patterson walked. Crosby flied out to center. Brown singled to center, Patterson to second. Thomas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Brown out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 5 - Mariners 7.	Clement doubles twice as Mariners drop Athletics