Mariners - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Suzuki reached on infield single to second. Betancourt struck out swinging. Ibanez doubled to deep right, Suzuki thrown out at home, Ibanez to third advancing on throw. Beltre doubled to deep left, Ibanez scored. Lopez flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Matthews doubled to left. Anderson grounded out to second, Matthews to third. Teixeira popped out to shortstop, Matthews tagged out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Balentien struck out swinging. Tuiasosopo struck out swinging. Johjima grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Guerrero lined out to right. Rivera walked. Quinlan tripled to deep right, Rivera scored. Napoli singled to right center, Quinlan scored. Wood flied out to center. Rodriguez popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Cairo singled to center. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cairo out at second. Betancourt flied out to right. Ibanez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Matthews grounded out to third. Anderson flied out to center. Teixeira lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Beltre grounded out to third. Lopez grounded out to third. Balentien reached on infield single to third, Balentien to second on throwing error by third baseman Quinlan. Tuiasosopo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 4th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Rivera struck out swinging. Quinlan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Morales in right field. Saunders pitching for Angels. Johjima walked. Cairo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Johjima out at second. Cairo stole second. Suzuki struck out swinging. Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop, Cairo to third. Ibanez singled to left, Cairo scored, Betancourt to second. Beltre singled to center, Betancourt scored, Ibanez to third. Lopez lined out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Napoli walked. Wood struck out swinging. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Napoli out at second. Matthews grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Balentien grounded out to shortstop. Tuiasosopo grounded out to pitcher. Johjima hit by pitch. Cairo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Anderson grounded out to first. Teixeira lined out to pitcher. Morales grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Suzuki lined out to first. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Rivera doubled to center. Quinlan grounded out to second, Rivera to third. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Napoli hit sacrifice fly to center, Rivera scored. Wood grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Beltre grounded out to first. Lopez singled to center. Reed hit for Balentien. Reed grounded out to pitcher, Lopez to second. Hulett hit for Tuiasosopo. Hulett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Reed in center field. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Matthews grounded out to second. Anderson walked. Teixeira grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Johjima grounded out to third. Cairo grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Morales grounded out to second. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Quinlan walked. Figgins ran for Quinlan. Napoli homered to left, Figgins scored. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Angels 5.	Napoli homers in 9th as Angels are first to 90 wins