Indians - Top 1st . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Lawton grounded out to shortstop . Vizquel doubled to right . Bradley singled to center , Vizquel scored . Burks grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bradley out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Everett hit by pitch . Blalock singled to shallow left , Everett to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blalock out at second , Everett to third . Palmeiro hit sacrifice fly to center , Everett scored . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Spencer grounded out to shortstop . Hafner hit by pitch . Laker popped out to third . Blake doubled to deep left center , Hafner scored . Phillips doubled to right center , Blake scored . Lawton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Lamb flied out to deep left . Christenson grounded out to third . Diaz singled to shallow right center . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Vizquel singled to shallow left . Bradley singled to right , Vizquel to second . Burks grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bradley out at second , Vizquel to third . Spencer singled to right , Vizquel scored , Burks to second . Hafner singled to right , Burks scored , Spencer to second . Dickey pitching for Rangers . Laker doubled to deep left , Hafner and Spencer scored . Blake walked . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Laker out at third , Blake to second . Blake at first base . McDonald at third base . Lawton struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Everett flied out to right . Blalock singled to right . Rodriguez singled to right , Blalock to second . Palmeiro walked , Blalock to third , Rodriguez to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Palmeiro out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Dickey pitching for Rangers . Vizquel singled to right . Bradley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vizquel out at second . Burks struck out swinging . Bradley stole second . Spencer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Lamb grounded out to second . Christenson grounded out to shortstop . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Dickey pitching for Rangers . McDonald hit ground rule double to deep right center . Laker struck out swinging . Blake singled to left , McDonald thrown out at home , Blake to second advancing on throw . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Young singled to left center . Everett grounded out to first , Young to second . Young to third on wild pitch by Westbrook . Blalock grounded out to shortstop , Young scored . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Dickey pitching for Rangers . Lawton homered to right center . Vizquel singled to shallow center . Bradley struck out swinging . Vizquel caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Selby hit for Burks . Selby grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Palmeiro singled to right . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Palmeiro out at second . Yan pitching for Rangers . Lamb grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Yan pitching for Rangers . Spencer struck out swinging . McDonald safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Blalock . Laker struck out swinging . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McDonald out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Christenson struck out swinging . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Young reached on infield single to third . Sadler pitching for Indians . Everett walked , Young to second . Blalock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Yan pitching for Rangers . Phillips doubled to left . Lawton doubled to right , Phillips scored , Lawton out stretching at third . Vizquel grounded out to first . Bradley walked . Elder pitching for Indians . Selby struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Elder pitching for Indians . Rodriguez walked . Palmeiro struck out swinging . Riske pitching for Indians . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Lamb popped out to third . Sadler at shortstop . Laird catching . Christenson popped out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Yan pitching for Rangers . Spencer lined out to center . McDonald struck out swinging . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Laker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Laird reached on infield single to third . Teixeira hit for Everett . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Laird out at second . Teixeira walked . Blalock reached on infield single to first , Teixeira to second . Sadler singled to left center , Teixeira scored , Blalock to second . Blalock to third on fielder 's indifference . Palmeiro doubled to right , Blalock and Sadler scored . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 9 - Rangers 5 .	Palmeiro goes homer - less as Rangers fall to Indians