Indians - Top 1st . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Lawton grounded out to first . Vizquel struck out swinging . Burks grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Damon flied out to deep right . Walker reached on bunt single to third , Walker to second on throwing error by pitcher Rodriguez . Garciaparra singled to left , Walker to third . Ramirez walked , Garciaparra to second . Nixon safe at first on error by second baseman Phillips , Walker and Garciaparra scored , Ramirez to third . Mueller doubled to right , Ramirez scored , Nixon to third . Hillenbrand doubled to deep left , Nixon and Mueller scored . Giambi grounded out to second , Hillenbrand to third . Varitek reached on infield single to shortstop , Hillenbrand scored . Damon grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Bradley grounded out to second . Gerut grounded out to second . Bard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Walker popped out to shallow left . Garciaparra flied out to center . Ramirez singled to left . Nixon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Blake struck out swinging . Broussard reached on infield single to shortstop . Phillips struck out swinging . Lawton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Mueller lined out to right . Hillenbrand flied out to center . Giambi grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Vizquel grounded out to third . Burks grounded out to third . Bradley lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Varitek struck out swinging . Damon flied out to left . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Gerut grounded out to first . Bard grounded out to second . Blake walked . Broussard singled to left center , Blake to second . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Garciaparra hit by pitch . Ramirez popped out to second . Nixon singled to right , Garciaparra to second . Mueller singled to right , Garciaparra scored , Nixon to third . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mueller out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Lawton hit by pitch . Vizquel walked , Lawton to second . Burks grounded out to shortstop , Lawton to third , Vizquel to second . Bradley singled to right , Lawton and Vizquel scored . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Gerut grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bradley out at second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Giambi flied out to right . Varitek singled to right . Damon singled to left , Varitek to second . Walker flied out to deep left . Garciaparra singled to left center , Varitek scored , Damon to third . Ramirez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Bard grounded out to second . Blake struck out looking . Broussard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Nixon walked . Mueller fouled out to third . Hillenbrand flied out to right . Jackson at shortstop . Giambi popped out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Phillips grounded out to third . Lawton grounded out to first . McDonald at shortstop . Vizquel popped out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Varitek singled to center . Damon singled to shallow right , Varitek to second . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Damon out at second , Varitek to third . Jackson hit sacrifice fly to left , Varitek scored , Walker to second . Ramirez fouled out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Burks grounded out to third . Bradley grounded out to second . Gerut singled to right . Bard walked , Gerut to second . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bard out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 2 - Red Sox 9 .	Red Sox take over first as Lowe pitches 4 - hitter