Twins - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Stewart singled to left . Rivas grounded out to third , Stewart to second . Mientkiewicz grounded out to second , Stewart to third . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Rogers pitching for Twins . Crisp hit ground rule double to right . Blake sacrificed to pitcher , Crisp to third , Blake safe at first on error by pitcher Rogers . Gerut lined out to second . Bradley doubled to left , Crisp scored , Blake to third , Blake scored on throwing error by left fielder Jones . Ludwick flied out to center . Martinez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Pierzynski struck out looking . Jones grounded out to first . Morneau grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Rogers pitching for Twins . Broussard walked . Peralta grounded out to third , Broussard to second . Santos struck out looking . Crisp singled to left , Broussard scored . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Crisp out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Hocking flied out to left . Guzman grounded out to second . Stewart singled to left center . Rivas lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Rogers pitching for Twins . Gerut flied out to left . Bradley singled to center . Ludwick doubled to deep left , Bradley scored , Ludwick to third advancing on throw . Martinez grounded out to third . Broussard flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Mientkiewicz grounded out to shortstop . Hunter singled to center . Pierzynski singled to right , Hunter to second . Jones singled to left , Hunter to third , Pierzynski to second . Morneau grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hunter scored , Jones out at second , Pierzynski to third . Hocking grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Peralta grounded out to third . Santos struck out looking . Crisp grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Guzman walked . Stewart doubled to left , Guzman to third , Guzman scored on error by left fielder Gerut . Rivas walked . Mientkiewicz singled to left center , Stewart to third , Rivas to second . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Stewart scored , Mientkiewicz out at second , Rivas to third . Pierzynski grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hunter out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Blake grounded out to first . Gerut struck out swinging . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Jones struck out swinging . Morneau grounded out to first . Hocking struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Ludwick homered to left center . Martinez struck out swinging . Broussard flied out to shallow right center . Peralta singled to left . Santos singled to right , Peralta to second . Crisp flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Guzman struck out swinging . Stewart struck out swinging . Rivas walked . Riske pitching for Indians . Mientkiewicz doubled to right , Rivas scored . Hunter singled to center , Mientkiewicz scored , Hunter to second advancing on throw . Baldwin pitching for Twins . Pierzynski struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Baldwin pitching for Twins . Blake flied out to right center . Gerut reached on infield single to shortstop . Bradley reached on bunt single to third , Gerut to second . Ludwick flied out to left . Romero pitching for Twins . Martinez fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Riske pitching for Indians . Jones grounded out to second . Morneau grounded out to first . Hocking struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Romero pitching for Twins . Broussard struck out swinging . Hawkins pitching for Twins . Hafner hit for Santos . Peralta lined out to first . Baez pitching for Indians . McDonald at second base . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Baez pitching for Indians . Guzman singled to right . Guzman stole second . Stewart struck out swinging . Rivas grounded out to third . Mientkiewicz doubled to right center , Guzman scored . Guardado pitching for Twins . Hunter popped out to shallow right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Guardado pitching for Twins . Crisp struck out looking . Blake fouled out to first . Gerut struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 6 - Indians 5 .	Mientkiewicz doubles Twins toward win