Twins - Top 1st . Traber pitching for Indians . Stewart flied out to right . Rivas grounded out to third . Mientkiewicz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Lohse pitching for Twins . Crisp bunt popped out foul to third . Blake struck out swinging . Gerut popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Traber pitching for Indians . Hunter grounded out to third . LeCroy safe at first on error by second baseman Santos . Jones singled to right , LeCroy to second . Mohr singled to right , LeCroy to third , Jones to second . Gomez singled to center , LeCroy scored , Jones to third , Mohr to second . Guzman singled to left center , Jones scored , Mohr thrown out at home , Gomez to second , Gomez to third , Guzman to second advancing on throw . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Lohse pitching for Twins . Bradley doubled to right . Hafner singled to right , Bradley to third . Ludwick batting . Martinez singled to left , Hafner scored , Ludwick to second . McDonald reached on bunt single to first , Ludwick to third , Martinez to second , Ludwick scored , Martinez to third on throwing error by pitcher Lohse . Santos safe at first on error by first baseman Mientkiewicz , Martinez scored , McDonald to second . Crisp reached on bunt single to first , McDonald to third , Santos to second . Blake struck out swinging . Gerut homered to right , McDonald , Santos and Crisp scored . Bradley struck out looking . Hafner doubled to deep left . Mays pitching for Twins . Ludwick grounded out to third . 8 Runs , 8 Hits , 3 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Traber pitching for Indians . Rivas flied out to right . Mientkiewicz lined out to second . Hunter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Mays pitching for Twins . Martinez popped out to shallow center . McDonald grounded out to pitcher . Santos grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Traber pitching for Indians . LeCroy grounded out to shortstop . Jones struck out swinging . Mohr struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Mays pitching for Twins . Crisp grounded out to pitcher . Blake lined out to first . Gerut popped out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Traber pitching for Indians . Gomez lined out to pitcher . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Stewart singled to left . Rivas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Mays pitching for Twins . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . Hafner struck out swinging . Ludwick singled to left . Martinez singled to center , Ludwick to second . McDonald grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Traber pitching for Indians . Mientkiewicz grounded out to second . Hunter struck out swinging . LeCroy lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Mays pitching for Twins . Santos popped out to third . Crisp flied out to left . Blake singled to left . Gerut singled to left center , Blake to third . Bradley flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Traber pitching for Indians . Jones grounded out to second . Mohr doubled to left . Boyd pitching for Indians . Gomez grounded out to third , Mohr to third . Guzman walked . Guzman stole second . Stewart fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Mays pitching for Twins . Hafner singled to left . Ludwick struck out swinging . Martinez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hafner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Boyd pitching for Indians . Rivas struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz flied out to deep center . Hunter fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Mays pitching for Twins . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . Santos tripled to deep right . Crisp singled to left center , Santos scored . Blake flied out to center . Gerut singled to center , Crisp to second . Bradley reached on infield single to third , Crisp to third , Gerut to second . Rincon pitching for Twins . Sorensen hit for Hafner . Sorensen at second base . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Blake at first base . Santos at third base . Sorensen popped out to shallow center . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Prieto hit for Jones . Betancourt pitching for Indians . LeCroy fouled out to first . Prieto struck out swinging . Mohr flied out to shallow center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 2 - Indians 9 .	Gerut , Indians have grand time against Twins