Blue Jays - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Catalanotto walked . Wells grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Catalanotto out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Crisp grounded out to pitcher . Vizquel fouled out to third . Gerut struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Delgado singled to right center . Myers grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Delgado out at second . Hinske walked . Hudson walked , Hinske to second . Woodward singled to center , Hinske scored , Hudson to third , Woodward to second advancing on throw . Cash grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Blake walked . Lawton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blake out at second . Hafner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Johnson grounded out to second . Catalanotto walked . Wells singled to shallow right , Catalanotto to second . Delgado grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wells out at second , Catalanotto to third . Myers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Bard singled to left . Escobar singled to center , Bard to second . Phillips sacrificed to pitcher , Bard to third , Escobar to second , Phillips safe at first on error by second baseman Hudson . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bard scored , Phillips out at second , Escobar to third . Vizquel grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crisp out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Hinske doubled to left . Hudson reached on infield single to catcher . Woodward grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hudson out at second , Hinske to third . Cash grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Gerut grounded out to shortstop . Blake grounded out to third . Lawton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Johnson struck out swinging . Catalanotto singled to center . Wells lined out to shortstop . Delgado walked , Catalanotto to second . Myers walked , Catalanotto to third , Delgado to second . Hinske flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Hafner grounded out to shortstop . Bard grounded out to second . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Hudson flied out to center . Woodward singled to center . Cash safe at first on error by third baseman Blake , Woodward to second . Johnson singled to right , Woodward scored , Cash to third . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Catalanotto homered to right , Cash and Johnson scored . Wells struck out swinging . Delgado doubled to left . Myers walked . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Hinske flied out to left center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 6th . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Phillips grounded out to third . Crisp singled to left center . Vizquel grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crisp out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Hudson grounded out to first . Woodward grounded out to second . Cash struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Gerut singled to right . Blake singled to right , Gerut to third . Lawton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gerut scored , Blake out at second . Hafner hit by pitch , Lawton to second . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Bard popped out to third . Escobar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Kielty hit for Catalanotto . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Johnson safe at first on error by first baseman Hafner . Kielty singled to left , Johnson to second . Wells singled to deep left , Johnson to third , Kielty to second . Phelps hit for Myers . Delgado hit sacrifice fly to left center , Johnson scored , Kielty to third , Wells to second . Phelps intentionally walked . Bordick hit for Hudson . Hinske popped out to shortstop . Bordick singled to shallow left center , Kielty and Wells scored , Phelps to third . Woodward reached on infield single to third , Phelps scored , Bordick to second . Kielty in right field . Bordick at second base . Johnson in left field . Cash flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 8th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Phillips grounded out to first . Crisp grounded out to second . Vizquel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Johnson singled to center . Johnson picked off first . Kielty fouled out to first . Wells flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Gerut singled to center . Gerut to second on fielder 's indifference . Blake flied out to right . Gerut to third on wild pitch by Towers . Lawton grounded out to shortstop , Gerut scored . Hafner struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 9 - Indians 3 .	Toronto 9 , Cleveland 3