Red Sox - Top 1st . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Jackson walked . Merloni struck out looking . Garciaparra struck out swinging . Ramirez walked , Jackson to second . Ortiz fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Crisp grounded out to first . Blake struck out swinging . Gerut grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Millar grounded out to shortstop . Nixon homered to center . Varitek grounded out to shortstop . Kapler grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Escobar grounded out to third . Hafner grounded out to second . Broussard grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Jackson struck out looking . Merloni grounded out to third . Garciaparra grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Bard grounded out to first . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Santos grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Ramirez struck out swinging . Ortiz popped out to second . Millar doubled to deep left center . Nixon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . Blake singled to left . Gerut reached on infield single to pitcher , Blake to second . Escobar popped out to second . Hafner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Varitek flied out to right . Kapler singled to left . Jackson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kapler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Broussard homered to right . Bard grounded out to pitcher . Peralta singled to right . Santos grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Peralta out at second . Crisp grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Merloni flied out to right . Garciaparra flied out to right . Ramirez singled to center . Ortiz reached on infield single to second , Ramirez to third . Millar singled to left center , Ramirez scored , Ortiz to second . Nixon flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Blake grounded out to third . Gerut singled to left . Escobar struck out swinging , Gerut stole second . Cressend pitching for Indians . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Cressend pitching for Indians . Varitek doubled to center . Kapler singled to center , Varitek scored . Kapler caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Jackson singled to left . Lee pitching for Indians . Merloni singled to right , Jackson to third . Garciaparra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jackson scored , Merloni out at second . Ramirez popped out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Broussard flied out to center . Bard homered to center . Peralta singled to center . Santos singled to right , Peralta to second . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Peralta to third , Santos to second . Peralta scored , Santos to third , Crisp to second on wild pitch by Lowe . Sauerbeck pitching for Red Sox . Blake doubled to left , Santos and Crisp scored . Gerut flied out to left . Martinez hit for Hafner . Escobar intentionally walked . Martinez walked , Blake to third , Escobar to second . Broussard hit by pitch , Blake scored , Escobar to third , Martinez to second . Phillips at second base . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Bard singled to center , Escobar and Martinez scored , Broussard out at third . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Ortiz struck out swinging . Millar popped out to second . Nixon walked . Williamson pitching for Red Sox . Varitek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Williamson pitching for Red Sox . Peralta grounded out to third . Phillips doubled to deep left . Phillips to third on wild pitch by Williamson . Crisp walked . Blake hit ground rule double to left , Phillips scored , Crisp to third . Gerut struck out swinging . Escobar singled to center , Crisp and Blake scored . Escobar to second on wild pitch by Williamson . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Martinez walked . Broussard tripled to deep center , Escobar and Martinez scored . Boyd pitching for Indians . Bard struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Boyd pitching for Indians . Kapler grounded out to shortstop . Jackson flied out to right . Merloni grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 4 - Indians 13 .	BoSox allow 12 runs in final two innings