Marlins - Top 1st . Simontacchi pitching for Nationals . Ramirez flied out to center . Uggla flied out to center . Cabrera walked . Jacobs struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Lopez grounded out to third . Guzman flied out to right . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Simontacchi pitching for Nationals . Willingham singled to left . Borchard struck out looking . Amezaga grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Willingham out at second . Treanor singled to left , Amezaga to second . Obermueller grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Church grounded out to pitcher . Kearns singled to left . Fick singled to right , Kearns to third . Flores singled to center , Kearns scored , Fick to second . Langerhans walked , Fick to third , Flores to second . Simontacchi safe at first on error by third baseman Cabrera , Fick scored , Flores to third , Langerhans to second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Flores scored , Simontacchi out at second , Langerhans to third . Guzman tripled to deep right , Langerhans and Lopez scored . Zimmerman flied out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 3rd . Simontacchi pitching for Nationals . Ramirez grounded out to first . Uggla doubled to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . Uggla picked off second . Jacobs batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Church popped out to shortstop . Kearns struck out swinging . Fick flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Simontacchi pitching for Nationals . Jacobs struck out swinging . Willingham singled to left . Borchard flied out to left . Amezaga flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Flores struck out swinging . Langerhans flied out to center . Simontacchi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Simontacchi pitching for Nationals . Treanor flied out to center . Obermueller flied out to right . Ramirez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Lopez flied out to center . Guzman singled to right . Zimmerman grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Guzman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Simontacchi pitching for Nationals . Uggla doubled to left . Cabrera walked . Wood singled to center , Uggla scored , Cabrera to second . Willingham singled to center , Cabrera to third , Wood to second . Borchard singled to left , Cabrera scored , Wood to third , Willingham to second . Colome pitching for Nationals . Amezaga hit sacrifice fly to center , Wood scored . Treanor batting . Boone singled to right center , Willingham scored , Borchard to second . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Church singled to right . Kearns grounded out to second , Church to second . Fick grounded out to pitcher , Church to third . Flores singled to left , Church scored . Langerhans flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Uggla struck out swinging . Cabrera popped out to first . Casto hit for Colome . Wood lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Casto struck out swinging . Lopez struck out swinging . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Guzman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Willingham walked . Borchard struck out swinging . Gardner pitching for Marlins . Amezaga grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Willingham out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Gardner pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Church flied out to center . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Langerhans in left field . Logan in center field . Gall hit for Treanor . Kearns struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Olivo hit for Gardner . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Gall popped out to third . Olivo grounded out to second . Ramirez walked . Uggla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 4 - Nationals 6 .	How sweep it is : Nats take out brooms vs. Marlins