Dodgers - Top 1st . Simontacchi pitching for Nationals . Pierre tripled to deep right . Furcal struck out swinging . Garciaparra singled to left , Pierre scored . Kent grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Garciaparra out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Guzman lined out to center . Zimmerman walked . Church grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Simontacchi pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez popped out to first . Martin grounded out to third . Ethier flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Kearns grounded out to shortstop . Belliard singled to right . Schneider grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Belliard out at second . Logan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Simontacchi pitching for Nationals . Abreu reached on infield single to second . Penny sacrificed to pitcher , Abreu to second . Pierre doubled to right center , Abreu scored . Pierre picked off second . Furcal safe at first on error by shortstop Guzman . Garciaparra flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Simontacchi grounded out to first . Lopez singled to right . Guzman grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Lopez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Simontacchi pitching for Nationals . Kent grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez flied out to center . Martin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Zimmerman flied out to right . Church flied out to left . Kearns flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Simontacchi pitching for Nationals . Ethier lined out to center . Abreu struck out swinging . Penny singled to center . Pierre doubled to deep right , Penny to third . Furcal grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Schneider singled to shallow left . Logan flied out to left . Simontacchi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Simontacchi pitching for Nationals . Garciaparra singled to center . Kent flied out to center . Gonzalez singled to left , Garciaparra to second . Martin singled to left center , Garciaparra scored , Gonzalez to third . Ethier grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martin out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Lopez grounded out to second . Guzman flied out to center . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Simontacchi pitching for Nationals . Abreu grounded out to second . Penny hit ground rule double to deep left . Pierre doubled to left , Penny to third . Abreu pitching for Nationals . Furcal intentionally walked . Garciaparra grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Penny and Pierre scored , Furcal safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . Kent singled to left , Furcal scored , Garciaparra to second . Gonzalez homered to right , Garciaparra and Kent scored . Martin struck out swinging . Martinez at second base . Ethier flied out to left . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Church struck out swinging . Kearns hit by pitch . Brazoban pitching for Dodgers . Belliard singled to right , Kearns to second . Schneider struck out swinging . Flores catching . Logan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Betemit hit for Brazoban . Abreu pitching for Nationals . Abreu singled to center . Abreu to second on wild pitch by Abreu . Betemit flied out to center . Pierre flied out to center . Furcal doubled to deep right , Abreu scored . Tomko pitching for Dodgers . Clark in left field . Abreu at shortstop . Betemit at third base . Langerhans hit for Abreu . Garciaparra flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Tomko pitching for Dodgers . Langerhans struck out swinging . Lopez doubled to deep left center . Guzman grounded out to second , Lopez to third . Traber pitching for Nationals . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Traber pitching for Nationals . Martinez flied out to center . Clark grounded out to second . Martin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Tomko pitching for Dodgers . Church struck out swinging . Kearns grounded out to third . Belliard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 10 - Nationals 0 .	Pierre , Gonzo spark Dodgers ; Penny shuts down Nats