Reds - Top 1st . Chico pitching for Nationals . Freel grounded out to second . Keppinger singled to center . Griffey Jr struck out looking . Phillips reached on infield single to third , Keppinger to second . Dunn walked , Keppinger to third , Phillips to second . Conine popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Livingston pitching for Reds . Lopez doubled to deep center . Belliard flied out to right , Lopez to third . Zimmerman struck out looking . Young fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Chico pitching for Nationals . Encarnacion flied out to left . Ross doubled to center . Livingston struck out swinging . Freel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Livingston pitching for Reds . Kearns flied out to center . Church struck out swinging . Schneider walked . Logan doubled to deep right , Schneider to third . Chico grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Chico pitching for Nationals . Keppinger walked . Griffey Jr lined out to right . Phillips walked , Keppinger to second . Dunn struck out swinging . Conine grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Keppinger out at third , Phillips to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Livingston pitching for Reds . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Belliard flied out to center . Zimmerman singled to center . Zimmerman stole second . Young grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Chico pitching for Nationals . Encarnacion singled to left . Ross singled to left , Encarnacion to second . Livingston sacrificed to third , Encarnacion to third , Ross to second . Freel popped out to second . Keppinger flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Livingston pitching for Reds . Kearns singled to left . Church struck out swinging . Schneider grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kearns out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Chico pitching for Nationals . Griffey Jr popped out to third . Phillips grounded out to second . Dunn doubled to deep right center . Conine doubled to deep center , Dunn scored . Encarnacion singled to center , Conine scored . Ross singled to left , Encarnacion to third . Livingston flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Livingston pitching for Reds . Logan singled to left center . Jimenez hit for Chico . Jimenez walked , Logan to second . Lopez singled to center , Logan to third , Jimenez to second . Belliard singled to center , Logan scored , Jimenez to third , Lopez to second . Zimmerman doubled to deep right , Jimenez , Lopez and Belliard scored . Coffey pitching for Reds . Young grounded out to shortstop , Zimmerman to third . Kearns struck out swinging . Church singled to right , Zimmerman scored . Church to second on wild pitch by Coffey . Schneider walked . Logan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schneider out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Freel reached on infield single to second . Keppinger grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Freel out at second . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Keppinger to second on wild pitch by Rivera . Phillips singled to center , Keppinger scored . Dunn lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Coffey pitching for Reds . Rivera walked . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rivera out at second . Belliard grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lopez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Conine grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion walked . Ross grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Encarnacion out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Coffey pitching for Reds . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Young walked . Fick ran for Young . Kearns popped out to first . Coutlangus pitching for Reds . Church doubled to deep center , Fick scored . Schneider flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Fick at first base . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Langerhans in left field . Hatteberg hit for Coutlangus . Hatteberg struck out looking . Freel singled to right . Keppinger grounded out to pitcher , Freel to second . Griffey Jr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Burton pitching for Reds . Logan singled to center . Logan picked off first . Langerhans grounded out to shortstop . Lopez singled to center . Belliard lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Phillips flied out to right . Dunn struck out looking . Conine lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 3 - Nationals 6 .	Zimmerman 's 3 - run double   leads Nats past Reds