Nationals - Top 1st . Glavine pitching for Mets . Lopez singled to right . Lopez stole second . Belliard struck out looking . Zimmerman walked . Kearns homered to left , Lopez and Zimmerman scored . Pena struck out swinging . Batista homered to left . Schneider reached on infield single to second . Maxwell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schneider out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Reyes homered to right center . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Wright grounded out to second . Beltran grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Bergmann struck out swinging . Lopez flied out to center . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Alou reached on infield single to third . Delgado struck out swinging . Lo Duca walked , Alou to second . Green singled to center , Alou scored , Lo Duca to second . Glavine sacrificed to third , Lo Duca to third , Green to second . Reyes flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Zimmerman doubled to deep right center . Kearns struck out looking . Pena singled to center , Zimmerman scored . Batista popped out to second . Schneider grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Castillo bunt grounded out to third . Wright popped out to second . Beltran popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Maxwell homered to left . Bergmann singled to center . Lopez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Bergmann out at second . Belliard flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Alou singled to left . Delgado struck out looking . Lo Duca grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Alou out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Zimmerman popped out to shortstop . Kearns flied out to center . Pena reached on infield single to shortstop . Batista grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Green singled to center . Gotay hit for Glavine . Gotay doubled to deep right center , Green scored . Reyes flied out to center . Castillo singled to center , Gotay to third . Wright grounded into double play , third to second to first , Castillo out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Muniz pitching for Mets . Schneider grounded out to first . Maxwell lined out to third . Bergmann singled to right center . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Beltran flied out to center . Alou struck out swinging . Delgado walked . Lo Duca walked , Delgado to second . Munoz pitching for Nationals . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Delgado out at third , Lo Duca to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Muniz pitching for Mets . Belliard walked . Belliard stole second . Zimmerman walked . Kearns lined out to right . Sosa pitching for Mets . Gomez in right field . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Belliard out at third , Zimmerman to second . Batista reached on infield single to first , Zimmerman to third , Pena to second . Schneider singled to center , Zimmerman and Pena scored , Batista to second . Maxwell struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Munoz pitching for Nationals . Gomez grounded out to third . Reyes singled to center . Castillo walked , Reyes to second . Albaladejo pitching for Nationals . Wright grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Sele pitching for Mets . Jimenez hit for Albaladejo . Jimenez singled to right center . Lopez singled to center , Jimenez to third . Belliard grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jimenez scored , Lopez out at second . Zimmerman struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Beltran struck out swinging . Alou singled to left . Delgado grounded into double play , second to third to first , Alou out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Sele pitching for Mets . Kearns struck out swinging . Pena grounded out to first . Batista doubled to deep center . Schneider singled to center , Batista scored . Maxwell popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 9th . Langerhans in left field . Colome pitching for Nationals . Lo Duca singled to right . Newhan hit for Sele . Newhan struck out swinging . Gomez walked , Lo Duca to second . Reyes homered to right , Lo Duca and Gomez scored . Castillo singled to left . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Wright singled to right , Castillo to second . Beltran walked , Castillo to third , Wright to second . Alou doubled to deep right , Castillo , Wright and Beltran scored . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Chavez ran for Alou . Delgado struck out swinging , Chavez stole third . Lo Duca flied out to right . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 10 - Mets 9 .	Mets ' rally falls short