White Sox - Top 1st . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Anderson doubled to right . Moncada struck out swinging . Grandal struck out swinging . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Cease pitching for White Sox . Frazier flied out to left . González popped out to first . Reynolds grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Jiménez grounded out to third . Encarnación lined out to left . Robert reached on infield single to second . Mazara flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Cease pitching for White Sox . Moran singled to center . Polanco flied out to center . Bell grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Moran out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Madrigal walked . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Madrigal out at second . Anderson picked off and caught stealing second . Moncada reached on infield single to pitcher . Grandal grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Cease pitching for White Sox . Hayes grounded out to shortstop . Newman struck out swinging . Stallings flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Musgrove pitching for Pirates . Abreu struck out swinging . Jiménez struck out swinging . Encarnación walked . Robert struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Frazier lined out to center . González struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Neverauskas pitching for Pirates . Mazara struck out swinging . Madrigal doubled to deep left center . Anderson singled to center , Anderson to second , Madrigal thrown out at home . Moncada singled to shallow right center , Anderson scored . Grandal homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Moncada scored . Abreu struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Moran grounded out to first . Polanco grounded out to second . Bell doubled to left . Hayes tripled to deep right , Bell scored . Newman reached on infield single to third , Hayes scored . Stallings flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Crick pitching for Pirates . Jiménez struck out swinging . Encarnación flied out to left . Robert struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Frazier singled to shallow left . Heuer pitching for White Sox . González fouled out to first , Frazier to second . Reynolds struck out looking . Moran grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Stratton pitching for Pirates . Mazara lined out to center . Madrigal struck out looking . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Foster pitching for White Sox . Polanco lined out to center . Bell struck out swinging . Hayes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Stratton pitching for Pirates . Moncada grounded out to first . Grandal grounded out to pitcher . Abreu singled to right . Jiménez doubled to deep right , Abreu scored on fielding error by right fielder Polanco . Encarnación walked . Dyson ran for Encarnación . Robert lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Dyson as designated hitter . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Newman doubled to right . Stallings doubled to right , Newman scored . Frazier grounded out to second , Stallings to third . Tucker ran for Stallings . González singled to left , Tucker scored . González to second on wild pitch by Marshall . González to third on wild pitch by Marshall . Reynolds struck out swinging . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Moran grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Murphy catching . Rodríguez pitching for Pirates . Mazara struck out looking . Madrigal hit ground rule double to deep right . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Madrigal out at third . Moncada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Polanco singled to center . Bell singled to center , Polanco to second . Martin ran for Polanco . Cordero pitching for White Sox . Bell to second on wild pitch by Cordero , Martin to third on wild pitch by Cordero . Hayes walked . Newman grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Martin scored on error by catcher Grandal , Hayes to second , Bell to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : White Sox 4 - Pirates 5 .	Error in ninth inning gives Pirates 5 - 4 win over White Sox