Pirates - Top 1st . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . González struck out swinging . Frazier hit by pitch . Hayes struck out looking . Moran doubled to deep left , Frazier scored . Bell reached on infield single to third , Bell out stretching at second , Moran to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Keller pitching for Pirates . Akiyama walked . Castellanos struck out swinging , Akiyama caught stealing second , catcher to second . Votto flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Reynolds reached on infield single to second . Polanco struck out swinging . Newman struck out looking . Stallings reached on infield single to third , Reynolds to second . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Keller pitching for Pirates . Suárez walked . Moustakas flied out to right . Goodwin homered to left ( 374 feet ) , Suárez scored . Galvis flied out to center . Farmer walked . Casali walked , Farmer to second . Akiyama grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Frazier lined out to center . Hayes flied out to center . Moran fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Keller pitching for Pirates . Castellanos struck out swinging . Votto homered to right ( 402 feet ) . Suárez struck out swinging . Moustakas struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Bell homered to center ( 407 feet ) . Reynolds lined out to first . Polanco struck out swinging . Newman grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Holland pitching for Pirates . Goodwin lined out to left . Galvis struck out swinging . Farmer singled to right center . Casali struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Stallings struck out swinging . González lined out to shortstop . Frazier singled to right . Hayes homered to left center ( 404 feet ) , Frazier scored . Moran walked . De León pitching for Reds . Bell walked , Moran to second . Reynolds walked , Bell to second , Moran to third . Romano pitching for Reds . Polanco popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Holland pitching for Pirates . Akiyama singled to center . Akiyama to second on wild pitch by Holland . Castellanos struck out looking . Turley pitching for Pirates . Votto struck out looking . Suárez walked . Moustakas homered to center ( 406 feet ) , Akiyama scored and Suárez scored . Goodwin flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Bradley pitching for Reds . Newman singled to right . Stallings struck out swinging . González struck out swinging . Frazier popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Hartlieb pitching for Pirates . Galvis hit by pitch . Farmer walked , Galvis to second . Casali walked , Farmer to second , Galvis to third . Akiyama walked , Galvis scored , Casali to second , Farmer to third . Castellanos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Farmer scored on fielding error by shortstop González , Akiyama to second , Casali to third . Casali scored on Hartlieb wild pitch , Castellanos to second on wild pitch by Hartlieb , Akiyama to third on wild pitch by Hartlieb . Votto walked . Davis pitching for Pirates . Suárez struck out swinging . Moustakas grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Votto out at second . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 7th . Jones pitching for Reds . Hayes struck out looking . Moran struck out swinging . Bell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 4 - Reds 9 .	Stephenson hits 2 - run homer as Reds beat Pirates 3 - 1