Braves - Top 1st . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Adrianza flied out to right . Freeman struck out swinging . Ozuna flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Ynoa pitching for Braves . Wong struck out swinging . Narváez singled to left . Cain singled to shallow right , Narváez to second . Shaw struck out swinging . García grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Narváez out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Albies flied out to left . Swanson struck out swinging . Riley walked . Contreras struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Ynoa pitching for Braves . Vogelbach walked . Bradley Jr. grounded out to first , Vogelbach to second . Vogelbach to third on passed ball by Contreras . Urías walked . Peralta struck out swinging . Wong grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Inciarte struck out swinging . Ynoa struck out swinging . Adrianza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Ynoa pitching for Braves . Narváez singled to left center . Cain reached on infield single to third , Narváez to second . Shaw struck out looking . García grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cain to second , Narváez out at third . Vogelbach doubled to deep right , García scored and Cain scored . Bradley Jr. struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Freeman flied out to left . Ozuna struck out looking . Albies flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Ynoa pitching for Braves . Urías grounded out to shortstop . Peralta struck out looking . Wong reached on infield single to second . Narváez doubled to deep right , Wong scored on error , Narváez safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Albies . Cain grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 5th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Swanson grounded out to second . Riley singled to left . Contreras singled to center , Riley to second . Inciarte lined out to right . Ynoa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Ynoa pitching for Braves . Shaw reached on infield single to catcher . García homered to center ( 407 feet ) , Shaw scored . Vogelbach flied out to right . Biddle pitching for Braves . Bradley Jr. struck out looking . Urías walked . Peralta grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Adrianza lined out to center . Freeman grounded out to shortstop . Ozuna grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Biddle pitching for Braves . Wong reached on bunt single to second . Wong to second on wild pitch by Biddle . Narváez flied out to center . Cain walked . Shaw walked , Cain to second , Wong to third . Wong scored , Shaw to second , Cain to third on passed ball by Contreras . García walked . Vogelbach grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cain scored , García out at second , Shaw to third . Shaw scored on Biddle wild pitch , Vogelbach to second on wild pitch by Biddle . Bradley Jr. grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Feyereisen pitching for Brewers . Albies flied out to right . Swanson reached on infield single to second . Riley walked , Swanson to second . Riley to second on wild pitch by Feyereisen , Swanson to third on wild pitch by Feyereisen . Contreras walked . Inciarte reached on infield single to second , Riley scored and Swanson scored , Contreras to second . Suter pitching for Brewers . Suter pitching for Brewers . Sandoval hit for Biddle . Sandoval grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Inciarte to second , Contreras to third . Adrianza grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Contreras scored , Sandoval safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Urías , Inciarte to third . Freeman homered to center ( 411 feet ) , Inciarte scored , Sandoval scored and Adrianza scored . Ozuna grounded out to third . Albies struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Tomlin pitching for Braves . Urías walked . Taylor flied out to right . Wong singled to right , Urías to third . Newcomb pitching for Braves . Narváez hit by pitch , Wong to second . Cain singled to left center , Urías scored and Wong scored , Narváez to second . Shaw walked , Cain to second , Narváez to third . García flied out to center . Vogelbach struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Shaw at first base . Williams pitching for Brewers . Williams pitching for Brewers . Swanson singled to right . Swanson stole second , Swanson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Narváez . Riley walked . Contreras grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Swanson scored , Riley safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Urías . Inciarte sacrificed to third , Contreras to second , Riley to third . Acuña Jr. hit for Newcomb . Acuña Jr. struck out swinging . Adrianza struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Jackson pitching for Braves . Reyes struck out swinging . Urías flied out to center . Taylor struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Hader pitching for Brewers . Freeman walked . Ozuna struck out swinging . Albies singled to right , Freeman to third . Swanson hit sacrifice fly to right , Freeman scored . Riley singled to left , Albies to second . Contreras struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 9 - Brewers 10 .	Peralta blanks Braves , bullpen falters , Brewers survive 10 - 9