Braves - Top 1st . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Pederson singled to center . Albies struck out looking . Freeman homered to right ( 407 feet ) , Pederson scored . Riley struck out swinging . Swanson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Smyly pitching for Braves . Segura struck out swinging . Realmuto struck out swinging . Harper doubled to deep left . Harper stole third . McCutchen lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Vogt grounded out to second . Almonte homered to right ( 400 feet ) . Heredia walked . Smyly sacrificed to third , Heredia to second . Pederson fouled out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Smyly pitching for Braves . Hoskins grounded out to shortstop . Bohm singled to center . Gregorius grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bohm out at second . Williams grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Albies grounded out to first . Freeman singled to right . Riley walked , Freeman to second . Swanson doubled to left , Freeman scored , Riley to third . Kintzler pitching for Phillies . Herrera in center field . Vogt grounded out to pitcher . Almonte singled to center , Riley scored and Swanson scored . Heredia struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Smyly pitching for Braves . Herrera flied out to left . Segura singled to center . Realmuto lined out to right . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Kintzler pitching for Phillies . Smyly grounded out to second . Pederson struck out swinging . Albies grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Smyly pitching for Braves . McCutchen walked . McCutchen to second on balk . Hoskins walked . Bohm walked , Hoskins to second , McCutchen to third . Gregorius grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Bohm to second , Hoskins to third , McCutchen out at home . Jankowski hit for Kintzler . Jankowski flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Sánchez pitching for Phillies . Freeman struck out swinging . Riley flied out to left . Swanson walked . Vogt fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Tomlin pitching for Braves . Herrera flied out to right . Segura grounded out to third . Realmuto singled to right . Harper lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Sanchez pitching for Phillies . Almonte singled to right , Almonte out stretching at second . Heredia walked . Tomlin sacrificed , Tomlin to first on throwing error by pitcher Sánchez , Tomlin to second , Heredia to third . Pederson singled to center , Heredia scored , Pederson to second , Tomlin to third . Albies grounded out to third . Freeman grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Tomlin pitching for Braves . McCutchen singled to right . Hoskins doubled to deep center , McCutchen scored . Bohm grounded out to third . Gregorius struck out swinging . Miller hit for Sánchez . Matzek pitching for Braves . Miller struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . De Los Santos pitching for Phillies . Riley lined out to left . Swanson doubled to deep center . Vogt struck out swinging . Almonte flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Matzek pitching for Braves . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . Segura grounded out to second . Realmuto flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . De Los Santos pitching for Phillies . Heredia safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Gregorius . Sandoval hit for Matzek . Sandoval struck out swinging . Pederson singled to left center , Heredia to third . Albies homered to right ( 391 feet ) , Heredia scored and Pederson scored . Freeman walked . Torreyes pitching for Phillies . Riley homered to left ( 439 feet ) , Freeman scored . Swanson singled to right center . Vogt flied out to right . Almonte lined out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Jackson pitching for Braves . Riley at first base . Adrianza at third base . Harper walked . McCutchen singled to left , Harper to second . Hoskins grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCutchen out at second , Harper to third . Bohm walked , Hoskins to second . Gregorius grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Harper scored , Bohm safe at second on fielding error by second baseman Albies , Hoskins to third . Torreyes hit sacrifice fly to center , Hoskins scored . Herrera lined out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 9th . Knapp catching . Torreyes pitching for Phillies . Heredia singled to left . Adrianza singled to right , Heredia to second . Pederson homered to right center ( 410 feet ) , Heredia scored and Adrianza scored . Albies flied out to left . Arcia hit for Jackson . Arcia struck out looking . Riley singled to center . Swanson flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Greene pitching for Braves . Segura flied out to second . Knapp struck out swinging . Harper walked . McCutchen singled to left , Harper to second . Hoskins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 15 - Phillies 3 .	Five homers help Braves power past Phillies , 15 - 3