Tigers - Top 1st . Davis pitching for Indians . Sanchez singled to center . Sanchez stole second , Sanchez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Laker . Vina walked . Rodriguez grounded out to first , Sanchez scored , Vina to second . Vina to third on passed ball by Laker . White grounded out to second . Pena flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 1st . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Belliard grounded out to third . Merloni flied out to right . Gerut grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Davis pitching for Indians . Higginson popped out to third . Norton popped out to shortstop . Munson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Blake struck out looking . Hafner grounded out to second . Escobar walked . Laker struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Davis pitching for Indians . Infante reached on infield single to pitcher . Sanchez sacrificed to pitcher , Infante to second . Vina walked . Rodriguez struck out swinging . White struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Crisp popped out to second . McDonald reached on infield single to shortstop . Belliard singled to center , McDonald to second . Merloni singled to right , McDonald to third , Belliard to second . Gerut struck out looking . Blake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Davis pitching for Indians . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Higginson grounded out to first . Norton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Hafner grounded out to pitcher . Escobar singled to left center . Laker singled to left , Escobar to third . Crisp struck out looking . McDonald grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Laker out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Davis pitching for Indians . Munson singled to deep right . Infante flied out to right . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Munson out at second . Vina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Belliard doubled to deep left center . Merloni reached on bunt single to second , Belliard to third . Gerut grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to catcher , Merloni out at second , Belliard out at home , Gerut to first . Blake grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Davis pitching for Indians . Rodriguez doubled to deep left . White singled to center , Rodriguez scored . Pena walked , White to second . Higginson lined out to second . Stewart pitching for Indians . Norton walked , White to third , Pena to second . Munson singled to right , White scored , Pena to third , Norton to second . Infante hit sacrifice fly to left , Pena scored . Inge ran for Munson . Inge at third base . Inge at third base . Sanchez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Hafner grounded out to pitcher . Escobar struck out swinging . Laker singled to left . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Laker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Stewart pitching for Indians . Vina grounded out to second . Rodriguez singled to center . White singled to center , Rodriguez to second . Pena struck out swinging . Higginson walked , Rodriguez to third , White to second . Norton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Higginson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . Belliard struck out swinging . Lee pitching for Indians . Merloni lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Lee pitching for Indians . Inge singled to center . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Inge to second . Sanchez reached on bunt single to pitcher , Inge to third , Infante to second . Vina singled to right , Inge scored , Infante to third , Sanchez to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Infante out at home , Sanchez to third , Vina to second . White grounded out to third , Sanchez scored , Vina to third , Rodriguez to second . Pena fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Gerut singled to center . Blake flied out to left . Levine pitching for Tigers . Lawton hit for Escobar . Hafner singled to right center , Gerut to third . Martinez hit for Laker . Lawton hit sacrifice fly to left , Gerut scored . Martinez walked , Hafner to second . Lawton in left field . Martinez catching . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Lee pitching for Indians . Higginson struck out looking . Norton flied out to left . Inge singled to center . Inge stole second . Vizquel hit for McDonald . Infante struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Levine pitching for Tigers . Vizquel popped out to shortstop . Broussard hit for Merloni . Belliard reached on infield single to third , Belliard to second on throwing error by third baseman Inge . Broussard grounded out to first , Belliard to third . Gerut grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Tigers 6 - Indians 1 .	Maroth on : Detroit LHP 2 - 0 after losing 21 in ' 03