Indians - Top 1st . Schoeneweis pitching for White Sox . Belliard doubled to deep left . Vizquel fouled out to catcher . Gerut grounded out to first , Belliard to third . Blake grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Indians . Harris singled to left . Harris stole second . Uribe sacrificed to pitcher , Harris to third . Ordonez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Harris scored , Ordonez to second on error by shortstop Vizquel . Thomas walked . Lee singled to center , Ordonez scored , Thomas to second . Konerko flied out to center . Crede grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lee out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 2nd . Schoeneweis pitching for White Sox . Lawton singled to left , Lawton out stretching at second . Merloni singled to center . Escobar struck out swinging . Laker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Merloni out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Indians . Perez singled to left . Alomar Jr grounded out to third , Perez to second . Harris grounded out to first , Perez to third . Uribe walked . Ordonez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Schoeneweis pitching for White Sox . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . Belliard walked . Vizquel grounded out to second , Belliard to second . Gerut struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Indians . Thomas grounded out to second . Lee fouled out to first . Konerko grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Schoeneweis pitching for White Sox . Blake grounded out to second . Lawton reached on infield single to shortstop . Merloni singled to left center , Lawton to third . Escobar singled to left , Lawton scored , Merloni to second . Laker walked , Merloni to third , Escobar to second . Crisp struck out swinging . Belliard doubled to left , Merloni , Escobar and Laker scored . Vizquel safe at second on error by right fielder Ordonez , Belliard scored . Gerut reached on infield single to second , Vizquel to third . Blake doubled to deep left , Vizquel scored , Gerut to third . Lawton fouled out to catcher . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Indians . Crede singled to center . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Crede out at second . Alomar Jr flied out to right . Harris flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Schoeneweis pitching for White Sox . Merloni flied out to center . Escobar walked . Laker grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Indians . Uribe doubled to left . Ordonez grounded out to second , Uribe to third . Thomas popped out to second . Lee popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Schoeneweis pitching for White Sox . Crisp struck out swinging . Belliard walked . Belliard to second on wild pitch by Schoeneweis . Takatsu pitching for White Sox . Vizquel homered to left , Belliard scored . Gerut struck out looking . Blake struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Davis pitching for Indians . Konerko grounded out to third . Crede grounded out to third . Perez reached on infield single to second . Alomar Jr grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Takatsu pitching for White Sox . Lawton fouled out to left . Merloni lined out to shortstop . Escobar singled to right center . Laker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Davis pitching for Indians . Harris grounded out to first . Uribe homered to right . Ordonez grounded out to first . Cressend pitching for Indians . Gload ran for Thomas . Thomas doubled to deep left . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Lee flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Crisp struck out swinging . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Vizquel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Cressend pitching for Indians . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Crede homered to center . Perez flied out to right . Alomar Jr doubled to deep left . White pitching for Indians . Harris fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Gerut flied out to right . Blake grounded out to pitcher . Riske pitching for Indians . Broussard at first base . Lawton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Riske pitching for Indians . Uribe singled to center . Ordonez homered to left , Uribe scored . Gload grounded out to second . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Lee doubled to left . Dransfeldt ran for Konerko . Konerko safe at first on error by first baseman Broussard . Crede singled to left , Lee scored , Dransfeldt to second . Perez singled to right , Dransfeldt scored , Crede to third . Alomar Jr hit sacrifice fly to right , Crede scored . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Indians 8 - White Sox 9 .	White Sox stun Tribe with five in the ninth