Orioles - Top 1st . Lee pitching for Indians . Roberts singled to left . Mora singled to left , Roberts to second . Roberts stole third . Tejada popped out to third . Palmeiro hit sacrifice fly to center , Roberts scored . Matos flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Lawton singled to center . Vizquel singled to right , Lawton to second . Gerut reached on infield single to third , Lawton to third , Vizquel to second . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lawton out at home , Vizquel to third , Gerut to second . Hafner doubled to deep right , Vizquel and Gerut scored , Blake to third . Martinez grounded out to first , Blake scored , Hafner to third . Belliard singled to center , Hafner scored . Broussard struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Lee pitching for Indians . Gibbons fouled out to third . McDonald walked . Bigbie walked , McDonald to second . Osik struck out swinging . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bigbie out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Escobar doubled to deep left . Lawton singled to right , Escobar to third . Lawton stole second . Vizquel doubled to right , Escobar and Lawton scored . Gerut grounded out to second , Vizquel to third . Blake hit by pitch . Hafner grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blake out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Lee pitching for Indians . Mora struck out swinging . Tejada walked . Palmeiro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tejada out at second . Matos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Martinez flied out to center . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Broussard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Lee pitching for Indians . Gibbons singled to center . McDonald singled to center , Gibbons to second . Bigbie struck out looking . Osik flied out to left . Roberts flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Escobar singled to left . Lawton grounded out to first , Escobar to second . Vizquel flied out to right . Escobar to third on passed ball by Osik . Gerut walked . Escobar scored , Gerut to second on passed ball by Osik . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Blake walked . Hafner struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Lee pitching for Indians . Mora grounded out to shortstop . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Palmeiro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Martinez grounded out to second . Belliard grounded out to third . Broussard doubled to deep center . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Lee pitching for Indians . Matos reached on bunt single to pitcher . Gibbons flied out to center . McDonald flied out to center . Bigbie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Lawton singled to center . Vizquel walked , Lawton to second . Gerut flied out to left . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Blake grounded out to third , Lawton to third , Vizquel to second . Hafner doubled to deep left , Lawton and Vizquel scored . Martinez lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Lee pitching for Indians . Osik grounded out to second . Roberts grounded out to third . Mora walked . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mora out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Belliard walked . Broussard doubled to deep center , Belliard to third . Escobar grounded out to third . Lawton singled to right center , Belliard scored , Broussard to third . Vizquel hit sacrifice fly to left , Broussard scored . Gerut walked , Lawton to second . McDonald at shortstop . Stewart pitching for Indians . Blake struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Stewart pitching for Indians . Palmeiro popped out to first . Matos homered to left center . Gibbons grounded out to second . Bautista at third base . Lopez at shortstop . Groom pitching for Orioles . McDonald struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Groom pitching for Orioles . Hafner grounded out to second . Martinez singled to right center . Tadano pitching for Indians . Belliard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Tadano pitching for Indians . Bigbie singled to left . Osik grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bigbie out at second . Roberts flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 2 - Indians 11 .	Indian 's Lee goes eight , shuts down O 's hitters