Devil Rays - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Crawford grounded out to second . Lugo struck out looking . Huff grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Lawton homered to right . Belliard walked . Gerut singled to center , Belliard to third , Gerut to second on error by center fielder Baldelli . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to right , Belliard scored . Hafner flied out to left . Blake walked . Broussard walked , Gerut to third , Blake to second . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Broussard out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Baldelli singled to left . Martinez singled to shallow left , Baldelli to third . Cruz flied out to left . Fick hit sacrifice fly to center , Baldelli scored . Martinez to second on balk by Westbrook . Blum struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . McDonald struck out swinging . Lawton walked . Belliard doubled to deep left center , Lawton to third . Gerut walked . Martinez doubled to deep center , Lawton , Belliard and Gerut scored . Hafner walked . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Blake walked , Martinez to third , Hafner to second . Broussard hit by pitch , Martinez scored , Hafner to third , Blake to second . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hafner out at home , Blake to third , Broussard to second . McDonald grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crisp out at second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Fordyce struck out swinging . Crawford singled to center . Crawford stole second . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Huff doubled to deep center , Crawford scored . Baldelli doubled to deep right , Huff scored . Martinez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Lawton grounded out to pitcher . Belliard walked . Gerut doubled to deep left center , Belliard scored . Martinez doubled to deep right center , Gerut scored . Hafner flied out to left . Blake struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Cruz homered to right . Fick grounded out to pitcher . Blum lined out to first . Fordyce grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Broussard doubled to deep left center . Crisp sacrificed to pitcher , Broussard to third . McDonald popped out to shortstop . Lawton walked . Belliard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Crawford flied out to left . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Huff walked . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Baldelli grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Gerut grounded out to second . Martinez flied out to center . Hafner grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Martinez grounded out to first . Cruz grounded out to first . Fick walked . Blum grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Blake grounded out to third . Broussard lined out to second . Crisp struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Fordyce doubled to deep left . Crawford grounded out to shortstop , Fordyce to third . Fordyce scored on Westbrook 's wild pitch . Bartosh pitching for Indians . Lugo doubled to left . Huff grounded out to first , Lugo to third . Baldelli struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . McDonald flied out to right . Lawton singled to right . Belliard flied out to right . Gerut walked , Lawton to second . Lawton to third , Gerut to second on wild pitch by Carter . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Merloni hit for Hafner . Martinez intentionally walked . Merloni hit by pitch , Lawton scored , Gerut to third , Martinez to second . Blake popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Bartosh pitching for Indians . Martinez struck out swinging . Cruz struck out swinging . Fick flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Broussard walked . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Broussard out at second . McDonald grounded out to third , Crisp to second . Lawton popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Blum grounded out to second . Cummings hit for Fordyce . Cummings walked . Crawford flied out to left . Cummings to second on fielder 's indifference . Lugo singled to center , Cummings scored . Lugo to second on fielder 's indifference . Huff singled to right , Lugo scored . Baldelli grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 7 - Indians 9 .	Martinez drives in 5 as Indians beat D - Rays