Athletics - Top 1st . Dawley pitching for Indians . Kotsay singled to center . Byrnes singled to right center , Kotsay to second . Chavez doubled to deep center , Kotsay and Byrnes scored . Dye struck out swinging . Hatteberg grounded out to second , Chavez to third . Durazo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Harden pitching for Athletics . Lawton walked . Vizquel walked , Lawton to second . Lawton to third , Vizquel to second on passed ball by Melhuse . Gerut grounded out to second , Lawton scored , Vizquel to third . Blake walked . Hafner hit sacrifice fly to right , Vizquel scored . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blake out at second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Dawley pitching for Indians . Melhuse grounded out to shortstop . Crosby struck out looking . Scutaro walked . Kotsay walked , Scutaro to second . Byrnes walked , Scutaro to third , Kotsay to second . Chavez walked , Scutaro scored , Kotsay to third , Byrnes to second . Dye grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Chavez out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Harden pitching for Athletics . Broussard struck out swinging . Laker grounded out to second . Escobar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Dawley pitching for Indians . Hatteberg flied out to center . Durazo flied out to left . Melhuse walked . Crosby struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Harden pitching for Athletics . Lawton struck out swinging . Vizquel flied out to center . Gerut walked . Blake struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Dawley pitching for Indians . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . Kotsay singled to right . Byrnes lined into double play , pitcher to first , Kotsay out at first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Hafner walked . Belliard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hafner out at second . Pote pitching for Indians . Broussard grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Pote pitching for Indians . Chavez walked . Dye singled to left , Chavez to third . Hatteberg singled to right , Chavez scored , Dye to second . Durazo doubled to deep left , Dye and Hatteberg scored . Melhuse grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Durazo out at third , Melhuse to second . Crosby struck out swinging . Scutaro grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Laker struck out swinging . Escobar safe at first on throwing error by catcher Melhuse . Lawton flied out to center . Vizquel singled to center , Escobar to third , Escobar scored , Vizquel to third on throwing error by center fielder Kotsay . Gerut fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Pote pitching for Indians . Kotsay struck out looking . Byrnes struck out swinging . Chavez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Blake walked . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Hafner doubled to deep left center , Blake scored . Belliard grounded out to pitcher , Hafner to third . Martinez hit for Laker . Broussard fouled out to third . Martinez singled to center , Hafner scored . Escobar walked , Martinez to second . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Martinez to third , Escobar to second on wild pitch by Rincon . Martinez catching . Riske pitching for Indians . Lawton grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Riske pitching for Indians . Dye grounded out to third . Hatteberg fouled out to third . Durazo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Vizquel walked . Gerut lined into double play , to first , Vizquel doubled off first . Blake walked . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Hafner singled to right , Blake to second . Belliard walked , Blake to third , Hafner to second . Broussard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Riske pitching for Indians . Melhuse struck out swinging . Crosby singled to center . Scutaro grounded into double play , third to second to first , Crosby out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Martinez flied out to right . Rhodes pitching for Athletics . Rhodes pitching for Athletics . Escobar tripled to deep center . Lawton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar scored , Lawton to second on throwing error by shortstop Crosby . Vizquel reached on infield single to third , Lawton to third . Gerut singled to center , Lawton scored , Vizquel to second . Blake struck out swinging . Hafner singled to right center , Vizquel scored , Gerut to third . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Belliard popped out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 9th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Kotsay doubled to deep center . Byrnes grounded out to third . Chavez struck out looking . Dye struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 6 - Indians 8 .	Three errors , 10 walks doom A 's in Cleveland