Athletics - Top 1st . Davis pitching for Indians . Kotsay singled to left . Byrnes struck out swinging . Chavez fouled out to catcher . Kotsay caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Dye batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Lawton singled to left . Vizquel sacrificed to third , Lawton to second . Gerut reached on infield single to pitcher . Martinez struck out swinging . Hafner walked , Lawton to third , Gerut to second . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hafner out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Davis pitching for Indians . Dye flied out to left . Hatteberg flied out to center . Durazo singled to left . Miller singled to center , Durazo to second . Crosby singled to right , Durazo scored , Miller to third , Crosby to second on error by catcher Martinez . Scutaro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Broussard struck out swinging . Blake grounded out to shortstop . Crisp reached on infield single to second . Lawton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Davis pitching for Indians . Kotsay doubled to deep left . Byrnes grounded out to third , Kotsay to third . Chavez struck out swinging . Dye grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Vizquel doubled to deep right . Gerut grounded out to second , Vizquel to third . Martinez singled to right , Vizquel scored . Hafner grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Davis pitching for Indians . Hatteberg flied out to center . Durazo safe at first on error by third baseman Blake . Miller hit by pitch , Durazo to second . Crosby struck out looking . Melhuse catching . Scutaro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Belliard lined out to center . Broussard grounded out to first . Blake grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Davis pitching for Indians . Kotsay walked . Byrnes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kotsay out at second . Chavez walked . Dye struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Crisp struck out swinging . Lawton singled to center . Vizquel grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lawton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Davis pitching for Indians . Hatteberg flied out to center . Durazo walked . Melhuse struck out swinging . Durazo caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Gerut flied out to right . Martinez grounded out to second . Hafner doubled to deep center . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hafner out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Davis pitching for Indians . Crosby singled to center . Bartosh pitching for Indians . Scutaro sacrificed to pitcher , Crosby to second . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Kotsay grounded out to first , Crosby to third . Byrnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Broussard reached on infield single to shortstop . Blake grounded out to shortstop , Broussard to second . Crisp lined out to third . Lawton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Chavez reached on infield single to first . Dye grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Chavez out at second . Hatteberg singled to center . Hatteberg to second on wild pitch by Betancourt . Durazo intentionally walked . Melhuse fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Vizquel flied out to right . Gerut singled to right . Martinez singled to right center , Gerut to third . Hafner singled to left , Gerut scored , Martinez to second . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Belliard grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hafner out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Crosby walked . Scutaro singled to center , Crosby to third , Crosby scored , Scutaro to third on throwing error by shortstop Vizquel . Kotsay singled to left , Scutaro scored . White pitching for Indians . McMillon hit for Byrnes . McMillon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kotsay out at second . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Kielty in left field . Rhodes pitching for Athletics . Merloni hit for Broussard . Merloni singled to right . Escobar hit for Crisp . Blake flied out to right . Escobar struck out swinging . McDonald ran for Merloni . Lawton walked , Merloni to second . Vizquel doubled to left , McDonald scored , Lawton to third . Lawton scored on Rhodes ' wild pitch . Gerut batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 3 - Indians 4 .	Indians sweep A 's with dramatic ninth