Indians - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Royals . Lawton flied out to center . Vizquel homered to right . Hafner grounded out to second . Martinez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Tadano pitching for Indians . DeJesus doubled to center . Graffanino bunt popped out to pitcher . Sweeney safe at first on error by third baseman Blake , DeJesus to third . Stairs grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , DeJesus out at home , Sweeney to second . Harvey flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Broussard singled to center . Blake singled to center , Broussard to third . Gerut grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Broussard scored , Blake out at second . Belliard singled to left , Belliard out stretching at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Tadano pitching for Indians . Brown flied out to right . Berroa flied out to center . Relaford walked . Buck grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Relaford out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Sizemore struck out swinging . Lawton grounded out to first . Vizquel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Tadano pitching for Indians . DeJesus hit by pitch . DeJesus caught stealing second , catcher to first to shortstop . Graffanino reached on infield single to shortstop . Sweeney homered to left , Graffanino scored . Stairs walked . Harvey flied out to right . Guerrero at second base . Brown struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Hafner walked . Martinez flied out to left . Hafner caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Broussard walked . Blake hit by pitch , Broussard to second . Gerut singled to right , Broussard scored , Blake to third . Belliard struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Tadano pitching for Indians . Berroa singled to center . Relaford singled to right , Berroa to second . Buck singled to right , Berroa scored , Relaford to second . DeJesus sacrificed to catcher , Relaford to third , Buck to second , DeJesus safe at first on error by first baseman Broussard . Guerrero lined out to shortstop . Sweeney popped out to second . Stairs doubled to left , Relaford , Buck and DeJesus scored . Durbin pitching for Indians . Harvey singled to right , Stairs scored . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harvey out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Sizemore singled to center . Lawton singled to center , Sizemore to second . Vizquel flied out to center . Hafner struck out looking . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Durbin pitching for Indians . Berroa hit by pitch . Relaford flied out to left . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Buck grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Berroa out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Broussard grounded out to second . Blake struck out swinging . Gerut lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Durbin pitching for Indians . DeJesus singled to right center . Guerrero grounded out to second , DeJesus to second . Sweeney struck out swinging . Stairs intentionally walked . Harvey reached on infield single to shortstop , DeJesus to third , Stairs to second . Brown lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Belliard flied out to right . Sizemore grounded out to first . Lawton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Durbin pitching for Indians . Berroa grounded out to second . Relaford homered to right . Buck singled to left . Buck to second on wild pitch by Durbin . DeJesus singled to center , Buck scored . Miller pitching for Indians . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to third , DeJesus out at second . Sweeney popped out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Carrasco pitching for Royals . Vizquel singled to left . Hafner flied out to left . Martinez singled to right , Vizquel to second . Broussard flied out to left . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Indians . Stairs tripled to deep right center . Harvey singled to center , Stairs scored . Brown singled to center , Harvey to second . Berroa grounded into double play , third to second , Harvey out at third , Brown out at second , Berroa to first . Field pitching for Royals . Relaford grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Field pitching for Royals . Gerut walked . Belliard fouled out to first . Sizemore flied out to center . Lawton fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 3 - Royals 10 .	Lost cause ? Royals end eight - game skid