Yankees - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Williams flied out to center . Jeter doubled to left . Sheffield grounded out to third . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Yankees . Lawton doubled to deep center . Vizquel grounded out to second , Lawton to third . Hafner grounded out to second , Lawton scored . Martinez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Matsui doubled to right . Posada grounded out to second , Matsui to third . Olerud struck out swinging . Wilson singled to right , Matsui scored . Lofton grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Yankees . Broussard popped out to shortstop . Blake hit by pitch . Gerut grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blake out at second . Gerut stole second , Gerut safe at third on throwing error by catcher Posada . Belliard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Williams doubled to deep left . Jeter grounded out to second , Williams to third . Sheffield walked . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Matsui popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Yankees . Crisp singled to center . Lawton grounded out to first , Crisp to second . Vizquel hit ground rule double to deep center , Crisp scored . Hafner flied out to right . Martinez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Posada struck out looking . Olerud grounded out to second . Wilson walked . Lofton singled to center , Wilson to second . Williams grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Yankees . Broussard doubled to deep center . Blake walked . Gerut struck out swinging . Broussard caught stealing third , catcher to thirdC Blake to second . Belliard walked . Crisp flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Jeter flied out to center . Sheffield lined out to third . Rodriguez safe at first on error by second baseman Belliard . Matsui grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Yankees . Lawton flied out to center . Vizquel flied out to center . Hafner walked . Martinez singled to right , Hafner to second . Broussard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Posada safe at first on error by third baseman Blake . Olerud grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Posada out at second . Wilson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Yankees . Blake walked . Gerut grounded out to second , Blake to second . Belliard flied out to left , Blake to third . Crisp popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Lofton safe at second on error by center fielder Crisp . Miller pitching for Indians . Williams doubled to deep right center , Lofton scored . Jeter sacrificed to pitcher , Williams to third , Jeter safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Miller . Williams scored on throwing error by pitcher Miller . Sheffield intentionally walked . Riske pitching for Indians . Rodriguez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sheffield out at second , Jeter to third . Riske pitching for Indians . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Matsui struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Lawton flied out to left . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . Hafner doubled to left . Martinez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Riske pitching for Indians . Posada flied out to left . Olerud grounded out to shortstop . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Wilson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Broussard walked . McDonald ran for Broussard . Blake walked , Broussard to second . Gerut sacrificed to pitcher , McDonald to third , Blake to second . Belliard hit sacrifice fly to right , McDonald scored , Blake to third . Crisp reached on bunt single to second , Blake scored . Crisp stole second . McDonald at third base . Blake at first base . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Lawton grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Lofton struck out looking . Williams flied out to right . Jeter grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 3 - Indians 4 .	Squirrel rules , Yanks lose