White Sox - Top 1st . Elarton pitching for Indians . Harris struck out looking . Uribe flied out to left . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for White Sox . Crisp grounded out to third . Vizquel flied out to left . Lawton walked . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Elarton pitching for Indians . Gload walked . Valentin struck out swinging . Perez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gload out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Hafner singled to left center . Blake homered to right , Hafner scored . Broussard safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Valentin . Belliard grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to third to shortstop , Broussard out at third , Belliard out at second . Gerut doubled to right . Crisp singled to left center , Gerut scored . Vizquel lined out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . Elarton pitching for Indians . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Borchard grounded out to second . Crede grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Lawton grounded out to third . Martinez singled to center . Hafner grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Elarton pitching for Indians . Harris reached on infield single to second . Uribe grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Harris out at second . Konerko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Blake homered to left . Broussard struck out swinging . Belliard homered to left . Gerut grounded out to second . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Elarton pitching for Indians . Gload fouled out to third . Valentin flied out to center . Perez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Vizquel flied out to left . Lawton flied out to left . Martinez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Elarton pitching for Indians . Davis flied out to right . Borchard grounded out to third . Crede lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Hafner homered to left . Blake struck out looking . Broussard singled to right . Belliard lined into double play , shortstop to first , Broussard doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Elarton pitching for Indians . Harris struck out looking . Uribe flied out to right . Konerko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Gerut grounded out to first . Crisp struck out looking . Vizquel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Elarton pitching for Indians . Gload flied out to center . Valentin flied out to left . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Lawton reached on infield single to shortstop . Martinez walked , Lawton to second . Hafner doubled to deep center , Lawton and Martinez scored . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Blake doubled to deep right , Hafner scored . Broussard hit by pitch . Belliard flied out to left . Gerut grounded into double play , shortstop to third to second , Broussard out at second , Blake out at third , Gerut to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Elarton pitching for Indians . Davis hit by pitch . Borchard fouled out to third . Crede singled to center , Davis to second . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crede out at second , Davis to third . Uribe fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 0 - Indians 9 .	Indians elated : Elarton tosses first career shutout