Indians - Top 1st . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Crisp flied out to center . Vizquel singled to right center . Lawton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vizquel to second . Martinez walked , Vizquel to third , Lawton to second . Hafner tripled to deep center , Vizquel , Lawton and Martinez scored . Blake struck out swinging . Broussard popped out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Williams struck out looking . Jeter flied out to center . Sheffield lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Belliard hit ground rule double to deep center . Gerut walked . Crisp flied out to left , Belliard to third . Vizquel singled to right , Belliard scored , Gerut to third . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Lawton singled to right center , Gerut scored , Vizquel to third . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center , Vizquel scored . Lawton stole second . Hafner grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Rodriguez flied out to right . Matsui flied out to left . Posada struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Blake walked . Broussard walked , Blake to second . Belliard flied out to right . Gerut flied out to left . Crisp singled to right , Blake scored , Broussard to second . Vizquel doubled to deep right , Broussard and Crisp scored . Lawton grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Olerud struck out looking . Cairo grounded out to shortstop . Lofton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Martinez flied out to right . Hafner struck out swinging . Blake flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Williams grounded out to first . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield doubled to left . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Broussard hit ground rule double to deep center . Belliard doubled to deep left , Broussard scored . Gerut flied out to right . Crisp homered to right , Belliard scored . Nitkowski pitching for Yankees . Vizquel singled to left center . Lawton flied out to right . Martinez walked , Vizquel to second . Hafner reached on infield single to first , Vizquel to third , Martinez to second . Blake walked , Vizquel scored , Martinez to third , Hafner to second . Broussard singled to right center , Martinez and Hafner scored , Blake to third . Belliard struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Matsui doubled to left . Posada safe at first on error by pitcher Westbrook , Matsui tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . Olerud grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Posada out at second . Cairo singled to right center , Olerud to second . Crosby in left field . Flaherty catching . Lofton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Nitkowski pitching for Yankees . Gerut walked . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gerut out at second . Crisp to second on wild pitch by Nitkowski . Vizquel doubled to left , Crisp scored . Lawton flied out to left . McDonald at third base . Phelps at first base . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Wilson hit for Jeter . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Williams grounded out to pitcher . Wilson flied out to center . Wilson at shortstop . Loaiza pitching for Yankees . Sheffield grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Loaiza pitching for Yankees . Hafner walked . McDonald grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hafner out at second . Phelps singled to left center , McDonald to second . Belliard flied out to left . Ludwick in right field . Gerut in left field . Gerut struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Rodriguez singled to left . Crosby struck out looking . Flaherty flied out to right . Olerud singled to right , Rodriguez to third . Cairo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Loaiza pitching for Yankees . Crisp grounded out to second . Vizquel singled to center . Ludwick struck out looking . Martinez singled to right , Vizquel to second . Guthrie pitching for Indians . Hafner lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Guthrie pitching for Indians . Lofton walked . Lofton to second on fielder 's indifference . Williams popped out to shortstop . Clark hit for Sheffield . Wilson grounded out to second , Lofton to third . Clark struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Loaiza pitching for Yankees . McDonald grounded out to pitcher . Phelps singled to center . Belliard singled to left , Phelps to second . Gerut homered to right , Phelps and Belliard scored . Crisp walked . Vizquel flied out to right . Ludwick singled to center , Crisp to third . Martinez homered to right , Crisp and Ludwick scored . Hafner struck out looking . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Guthrie pitching for Indians . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Crosby flied out to right . Flaherty popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 22 - Yankees 0 .	Yanked into history : Tribe hands NY record loss