Indians - Top 1st . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Sizemore flied out to right . Crisp singled to center . Hafner lined out to center . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Cruceta pitching for Indians . Infante reached on infield single to shortstop . Inge flied out to center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Infante stole second . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Lawton struck out looking . Blake flied out to right . Broussard grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Cruceta pitching for Indians . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . Pena grounded out to first . Thames walked . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Peralta singled to center . Phillips walked , Peralta to second . Sizemore singled to center , Peralta scored , Phillips to third . Crisp hit sacrifice fly to right , Phillips scored . Hafner walked , Sizemore to second . Martinez flied out to center , Sizemore to third . Lawton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hafner out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Cruceta pitching for Indians . Granderson doubled to deep left center . Infante singled to center , Granderson to third . Inge hit by pitch , Infante to second . Granderson scored , Infante to third , Inge to second on passed ball by Martinez . Rodriguez doubled to deep right , Infante and Inge scored . Young lined out to right . Monroe flied out to center , Rodriguez to third . Pena grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Blake singled to center . Broussard grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Blake out at second . Peralta lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Cruceta pitching for Indians . Thames homered to right . Smith safe at second on error by second baseman Phillips . Granderson grounded out to first , Smith to third . Infante grounded out to second , Smith scored . Inge struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 5th . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Phillips grounded out to catcher . Sizemore flied out to right . White pitching for Indians . Crisp fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . White pitching for Indians . Rodriguez tripled to deep right . Young struck out swinging . Monroe grounded out to second . Pena walked . Thames hit ground rule double to left , Rodriguez and Pena scored . Colyer pitching for Tigers . Young hit for Hafner . Smith struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Colyer pitching for Tigers . Young singled to right . Martinez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Young out at second . Lawton doubled to deep right center . Blake walked . Novoa pitching for Tigers . Broussard homered to right , Lawton and Blake scored . Miller pitching for Indians . Peralta flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Indians . Granderson struck out swinging . Infante singled to left . Inge reached on infield single to second , Infante to second . Detroit 's Young ejected by Hohn in the 7th . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Novoa pitching for Tigers . Phillips popped out to first . Sizemore grounded out to pitcher . Crisp singled to left . Young singled to center , Crisp to third . Munson hit for Young . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Miller pitching for Indians . Munson walked . Monroe grounded into double play , third to second to first , Munson out at second . Pena walked . Thames batting . Walker pitching for Tigers . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Lawton doubled to deep right . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lawton to third , Blake to second on throwing error by shortstop Infante . Yan pitching for Tigers . Broussard doubled to deep center , Lawton and Blake scored . Peralta struck out swinging . Phillips struck out swinging . Howry pitching for Indians . Sizemore struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Howry pitching for Indians . Thames flied out to left . Smith flied out to left . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . McDonald hit for Young . Yan pitching for Tigers . Crisp walked . McDonald sacrificed to first , Crisp to second . Martinez flied out to center . Lawton intentionally walked . Blake singled to right , Crisp scored , Lawton to third . Wickman pitching for Indians . Broussard struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Wickman pitching for Indians . Detroit 's Infante ejected by Carlson in the 9th . Inge safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Inge out at second . Logan ran for Rodriguez . Munson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Indians 8 - Tigers 7 .	Indians rally from five down to beat Tigers