Orioles - Top 1st . Pomeranz pitching for Red Sox . Gentry struck out looking . Jones grounded out to second . Machado walked . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Pedroia fouled out to first . Benintendi reached on infield single to second . Betts grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Benintendi out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Pomeranz pitching for Red Sox . Davis struck out looking . Castillo singled to right center . Mancini doubled to deep right center , Castillo to third . Schoop fouled out to first . Hardy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Ramírez walked . Moreland doubled to deep left , Ramírez to third . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Sandoval hit sacrifice fly to left , Ramírez scored . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Pomeranz pitching for Red Sox . Gentry struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to second . Machado lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Vázquez singled to right . Pedroia popped out to shortstop . Vázquez stole second . Benintendi flied out to center . Betts fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Pomeranz pitching for Red Sox . Trumbo popped out to shortstop . Davis struck out swinging . Castillo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Ramírez singled to deep center . Moreland flied out to center . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Ramírez caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Pomeranz pitching for Red Sox . Mancini struck out swinging . Schoop grounded out to second . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Sandoval grounded out to first . Young singled to center . Vázquez doubled to left , Young to third . Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to center , Young scored , Vázquez to third . Benintendi grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Pomeranz pitching for Red Sox . Gentry grounded out to shortstop . Jones doubled to right center . Machado popped out to first . Trumbo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Betts singled to center . Ramírez flied out to right . Moreland grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Betts out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Pomeranz pitching for Red Sox . Davis singled to left center . Hembree pitching for Red Sox . Castillo singled to left , Davis to third . Mancini struck out looking . Schoop grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Davis scored , Castillo out at second . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schoop out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . Sandoval walked . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sandoval safe at second on error by shortstop Hardy . Vázquez singled to center , Sandoval to third , Young to second . Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop , Sandoval and Young scored , Vázquez to second . Benintendi singled to right , Vázquez scored , Pedroia to third , Benintendi to second on throwing error by right fielder Gentry . Betts grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pedroia out at home , Benintendi to third , Betts to second . Ramírez flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Smith hit for Gentry . Smith struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . Machado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Smith in right field . Drake pitching for Orioles . Moreland struck out looking . Bogaerts walked . Sandoval struck out swinging . Young singled to center , Bogaerts to second . Vázquez tripled to right , Bogaerts and Young scored . Pedroia reached on infield single to second , Vázquez scored . Benintendi reached on infield single to shortstop , Pedroia to second . Betts reached on infield single to shortstop , Pedroia to third , Benintendi to second . Ramírez lined out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Davis walked . Flaherty hit for Castillo . Flaherty flied out to center . Mancini grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 1 - Red Sox 8 .	Pedroia drives in 4 runs for Boston in 8 - 1 win over Orioles