Orioles - Top 1st . Kendrick pitching for Red Sox . Smith reached on infield single to third . Jones popped out to second . Machado reached on infield single to third , Smith to second , Smith to third , Machado to second on throwing error by third baseman Rutledge . Davis flied out to left . Trumbo popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Pedroia flied out to right . Benintendi struck out swinging . Betts reached on infield single to third . Ramírez singled to right , Betts to third . Bogaerts singled to right center , Betts scored , Ramírez to third , Ramírez scored advancing on throw . Moreland flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Red Sox . Schoop fouled out to catcher . Kim grounded out to third . Hardy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Rutledge singled to center . Bradley Jr. grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rutledge out at second . Vázquez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Red Sox . Joseph lined out to first . Smith singled to center . Jones reached on bunt single to third , Smith to second . Machado grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Jones out at second , Smith to third . Smith stole home , Machado stole second . Davis walked . Trumbo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davis out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Pedroia homered to left ( 370 feet ) . Benintendi popped out to second . Betts grounded out to third . Ramírez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Kendrick pitching for Red Sox . Schoop singled to right . Kim singled to right , Schoop to second . Hardy walked , Schoop to third , Kim to second . Joseph flied out to right . Smith doubled to deep left , Schoop and Kim scored , Hardy to third . Jones struck out looking . Machado homered to left ( 456 feet ) , Hardy and Smith scored . Davis grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Bogaerts grounded out to third . Moreland flied out to left . Rutledge lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Taylor pitching for Red Sox . Trumbo singled to center . Schoop singled to right , Trumbo to second . Kim grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Schoop out at second , Trumbo to third . Hardy singled to right , Trumbo scored , Kim to second . Joseph struck out looking . Smith walked , Kim to third , Hardy to second . Jones reached on infield single to third , Kim scored , Hardy to third , Smith to second . Machado struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Bradley Jr. popped out to third . Vázquez lined out to center . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Davis singled to center . Trumbo walked , Davis to second . Schoop singled to shallow right center , Davis thrown out at home , Trumbo to second . Kim flied out to center , Trumbo to third . Hardy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Benintendi bunt grounded out to pitcher . Betts flied out to center . Ramírez singled to left . Ramírez to second on balk by Wilson . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Joseph singled to center . Smith singled to right , Joseph to second . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Smith out at second , Joseph to third . Machado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Rickard in right field . Hart pitching for Orioles . Moreland grounded out to second . Rutledge struck out looking . Bradley Jr. reached on infield single to pitcher . Givens pitching for Orioles . Vázquez reached on infield single to second , Bradley Jr. to second . Pedroia walked , Bradley Jr. to third , Vázquez to second . Benintendi lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Davis struck out looking . Trumbo reached on infield single to shortstop . Schoop lined out to center . Kim struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Rickard in left field . Gentry in right field . Brach pitching for Orioles . Betts flied out to right . Ramírez struck out swinging . Bogaerts grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Abad pitching for Red Sox . Hardy grounded out to second . Joseph grounded out to shortstop . Rickard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Moreland grounded out to second . Rutledge singled to center . Bradley Jr. struck out swinging . Rutledge to second on fielder 's indifference . Vázquez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 8 - Red Sox 3 .	Machado homers , O 's end strained series vs Red Sox with win