Orioles - Top 1st . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Rickard struck out swinging . Castillo struck out swinging . Machado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Orioles . Springer singled to shallow center . Altuve doubled to deep center , Springer scored , Altuve to third advancing on throw . Correa reached on infield single to second , Altuve scored . Gattis lined out to third . González singled to shallow right , Correa to second . Correa picked off second . McCann walked , González to second . Gurriel grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCann out at second , González to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Trumbo singled to right . Davis struck out looking . Mancini grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Trumbo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Orioles . Bregman struck out looking . Marisnick struck out swinging . Springer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Schoop grounded out to second . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . Joseph walked . Rickard singled to right center , Joseph to second . Castillo singled to shallow left , Joseph scored , Rickard to second . Machado grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Orioles . Altuve doubled to left . Correa grounded out to shortstop . Gattis grounded out to third . González walked . McCann grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Trumbo struck out looking . Davis struck out swinging . Mancini walked . Schoop grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Orioles . Gurriel grounded out to second . Bregman reached on infield single to second . Marisnick grounded out to first , Bregman to second . Springer homered to center ( 455 feet ) , Bregman scored . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Hardy singled to shallow left . Joseph grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hardy out at second . Rickard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Orioles . Correa grounded out to third . Gattis popped out to catcher . González singled to center . McCann walked , González to second . Gurriel grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCann out at second , González to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Castillo struck out looking . Machado flied out to center . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Bregman flied out to center . Marisnick hit by pitch . Marisnick stole second . Springer lined into double play , third to second , Marisnick doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Sipp pitching for Astros . Davis tripled to deep right center . Hoyt pitching for Astros . Mancini popped out to shortstop . Davis scored on Hoyt 's wild pitch . Schoop struck out looking . Hardy singled to center . Joseph struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Altuve singled to center . Altuve stole second . Correa singled to center , Altuve to third , Altuve scored on error by center fielder Rickard . Gattis doubled to left , Correa to third . Bleier pitching for Orioles . González grounded out to shortstop . McCann grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Correa out at home , Gattis to third . Gurriel grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 8th . Hoyt pitching for Astros . Rickard popped out to shortstop . Gregerson pitching for Astros . Castillo grounded out to first . Machado doubled to deep center . Machado to third on wild pitch by Gregerson . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Bregman struck out swinging . Marisnick struck out swinging . Springer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Harris pitching for Astros . Davis struck out swinging . Mancini grounded out to second . Schoop struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 2 - Astros 5 .	Keuchel solid in return from DL as Astros down Orioles 5 - 2