Yankees - Top 1st . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Gardner homered to right ( 407 feet ) . Sánchez flied out to right . Holliday homered to left ( 406 feet ) . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Judge flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Severino pitching for Yankees . Smith grounded out to shortstop . Schoop flied out to right . Machado struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Gregorius doubled to deep right . Hicks singled to center , Gregorius scored . Headley flied out to center . Refsnyder walked , Hicks to second . Hicks to third , Refsnyder to second on wild pitch by Tillman . Gardner grounded out to second . Sánchez popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Severino pitching for Yankees . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Davis singled to right center . Castillo flied out to right . Mancini singled to center , Davis to second . Rickard reached on infield single to third , Davis to third , Mancini to second . Hardy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Holliday homered to left ( 414 feet ) . Castro struck out looking . Judge singled to center . Gregorius lined out to center . Hicks walked , Judge to second . Headley singled to right , Judge scored , Hicks to second , Hicks to third advancing on throw . Verrett pitching for Orioles . Refsnyder flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Severino pitching for Yankees . Smith grounded out to first . Schoop grounded out to third . Machado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Verrett pitching for Orioles . Gardner homered to right ( 387 feet ) . Sánchez singled to left . Holliday struck out swinging . Castro singled to right , Sánchez to second . Judge doubled to deep right , Sánchez and Castro scored . Gregorius lined out to left . Hicks struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Severino pitching for Yankees . Trumbo lined out to right . Davis struck out swinging . Castillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Verrett pitching for Orioles . Headley singled to right . Refsnyder grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Headley out at second . Gardner lined into double play , to first , Refsnyder doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Severino pitching for Yankees . Mancini singled to right . Rickard popped out to second . Hardy grounded out to first , Mancini to second . Smith grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Verrett pitching for Orioles . Sánchez hit by pitch . Holliday struck out looking . Castro flied out to left . Judge walked , Sánchez to second . Hart pitching for Orioles . Gregorius popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Severino pitching for Yankees . Schoop reached on infield single to shortstop . Machado struck out swinging . Trumbo walked , Schoop to second . Davis struck out swinging . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop , Schoop to third , Trumbo to second . Mancini reached on infield single to shortstop , Schoop scored , Trumbo to third , Castillo to second . Rickard struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Hart pitching for Orioles . Hicks lined out to center . Headley grounded out to shortstop . Refsnyder flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Carter at first base . Severino pitching for Yankees . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . Layne pitching for Yankees . Smith flied out to left . Schoop walked . Warren pitching for Yankees . Machado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Givens pitching for Orioles . Gardner struck out swinging . Sánchez grounded out to third . Holliday safe at first on error by first baseman Davis . Castro singled to right , Holliday to second . Judge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Mitchell pitching for Yankees . Trumbo safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Mitchell . Davis struck out swinging . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Mancini walked . Rickard singled to center , Trumbo scored , Mancini to second . Hardy singled to right center , Mancini scored , Rickard to third . Clippard pitching for Yankees . Smith flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 9th . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Gregorius hit by pitch . Hicks singled to right center , Gregorius out at home , Hicks to third advancing on throw . Headley popped out to shortstop . Carter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Clippard pitching for Yankees . Schoop lined out to third . Machado flied out to center . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Orioles 3 .	Gardner , Holliday HRs carry Yankees over Orioles 8 - 3