Tigers - Top 1st . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Kinsler doubled to shallow right . Adduci struck out swinging . Upton grounded out to second , Kinsler to third . Castellanos walked . Castellanos stole second . Mahtook struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Jones grounded out to third . Machado singled to right . Schoop homered to left center ( 368 feet ) , Machado scored . Davis homered to center ( 426 feet ) . Mancini homered to left ( 385 feet ) . Beckham flied out to left . Smith popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Martínez grounded out to second . Hicks singled to deep right . Romine singled to left , Hicks to second . Machado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Romine out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Joseph struck out swinging . Rickard singled to center . Rickard stole second , Rickard safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hicks . Jones grounded out to third . Machado doubled to deep right , Rickard scored . Schoop struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Kinsler singled to left . Adduci grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kinsler out at second . Upton walked , Adduci to second . Castellanos struck out swinging . Mahtook grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Davis grounded out to second . Mancini singled to left . Beckham grounded out to third , Mancini to second . Smith intentionally walked . Joseph grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Martínez lined out to right . Hicks singled to center . Romine singled to shallow left , Hicks to second . Machado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hicks out at third , Romine to second . Kinsler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Rickard homered to left ( 361 feet ) . Jones singled to center . Machado homered to center ( 420 feet ) , Jones scored . Bell pitching for Tigers . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . Davis struck out swinging . Mancini struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Adduci struck out swinging . Upton struck out looking . Castellanos homered to left center ( 405 feet ) . Mahtook reached on infield single to third . Martínez popped out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Beckham walked . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Beckham out at second . Joseph grounded into double play , third to second to first , Smith out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Hicks grounded out to third . Romine struck out swinging . Machado singled to center . Kinsler walked , Machado to second . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Adduci flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Rickard doubled to shallow left . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Machado lined out to left . Schoop struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Upton grounded out to pitcher . Castellanos grounded out to first . Mahtook grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Davis popped out to shortstop . Mancini singled to right . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Beckham grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mancini out at second . Smith flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Gentry in left field . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . Hicks doubled to deep left center . Romine singled to left , Hicks to third . Machado lined into double play , to first , Romine doubled off first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Jimenez pitching for Tigers . Joseph doubled to shallow right . Rickard reached on infield single to third . Jones singled to left , Joseph to third , Rickard to second . Machado singled to left center , Joseph and Rickard scored , Jones to second . Saupold pitching for Tigers . Schoop grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Machado out at second , Jones to third . Davis grounded out to first , Jones scored , Schoop to second . Schoop to third on wild pitch by Saupold . Mancini walked . Beckham singled to deep right , Schoop scored , Mancini to third . Gentry grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Tejada at third base . Hart pitching for Orioles . Kinsler singled to right . Adduci singled to right , Kinsler to third . Upton grounded out to shortstop , Kinsler scored , Adduci to second . Castellanos grounded out to shortstop , Adduci to third . Mahtook singled to right , Adduci scored . Mahtook to second on fielder 's indifference . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - Orioles 12 .	Orioles hit 5 HRs off Sanchez , rout Tigers 12 - 3