Orioles - Top 1st . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Beckham homered to right center ( 396 feet ) . Machado popped out to second . Schoop singled to center . Mancini lined out to right . Trumbo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schoop out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Segura popped out to second . Heredia struck out looking . Canó grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Davis singled to left . Rickard grounded into double play , third to second to first , Davis out at second . Joseph grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Cruz struck out swinging . Alonso flied out to left . Valencia doubled to deep right . Gamel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Gentry lined out to third . Beckham grounded out to shortstop . Machado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Zunino doubled to left . Martín popped out to shortstop . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Heredia doubled to left , Zunino scored . Canó lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . Mancini singled to right . Trumbo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mancini out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Cruz hit by pitch . Alonso homered to right ( 411 feet ) , Cruz scored . Valencia popped out to second . Gamel grounded out to first . Zunino walked . Martín popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Davis struck out swinging . Rickard singled to left . Joseph singled to right , Rickard to third . Rickard scored , Joseph to second on wild pitch by Gonzales . Gentry tripled to deep center , Joseph scored . Beckham singled to left , Gentry scored . Machado singled to right , Beckham to second . Zych pitching for Mariners . Schoop grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Machado out at second , Beckham to third . Mancini grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Schoop out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Segura singled to right . Heredia hit by pitch , Segura to second . Canó singled to left center , Segura scored , Heredia to second . Cruz popped out to second . Alonso singled to left center , Heredia scored , Canó to third . Valencia singled to right , Canó scored , Alonso to second . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Gamel singled to right , Alonso to third , Valencia to second . Zunino grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gamel out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Dyson in center field . Zych pitching for Mariners . Trumbo singled to center . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Trumbo out at second . Rickard grounded out to second , Davis to second . Joseph lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Martín homered to right ( 352 feet ) . Segura reached on infield single to first . Dyson flied into double play , left to first , Segura doubled off first . Canó struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Zych pitching for Mariners . Gentry singled to left . Pagan pitching for Mariners . Beckham flied out to left . Machado flied out to right . Schoop popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Cruz singled to center . Alonso singled to right , Cruz to second . Valencia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Alonso out at second , Cruz to third . Gamel lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Espinosa at third base . Vincent pitching for Mariners . Mancini grounded out to first . Trumbo fouled out to right . Davis doubled to deep center . Rickard popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Zunino singled to right . Martín grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Zunino out at second . Segura singled to center . Segura stole second . Dyson walked . Canó fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Díaz pitching for Mariners . Joseph walked . Smith hit for Gentry . Smith walked , Joseph to second . Beckham walked , Joseph to third , Smith to second . Machado hit sacrifice fly to right , Joseph scored . Schoop struck out looking . Mancini hit by pitch , Smith to third , Beckham to second . Trumbo hit by pitch , Smith scored , Beckham to third , Mancini to second . Rzepczynski pitching for Mariners . Davis struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 6 - Mariners 7 .	Alonso 's bat , Rzepczynski 's relief , Mariners beat O 's 7 - 6