Blue Jays - Top 1st . Hellickson pitching for Orioles . Pearce flied out to right . Donaldson walked . Morales grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Donaldson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Beckham struck out swinging . Machado walked . Schoop lined out to right . Machado stole second , Machado safe at third on throwing error by catcher Montero . Jones homered to left ( 355 feet ) , Machado scored . Mancini lined out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Hellickson pitching for Orioles . Bautista grounded out to first . Montero struck out swinging . Pillar singled to left . Carrera walked , Pillar to second . Barney flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Davis singled to right center . Trumbo flied out to left . Castillo singled to deep right , Davis to third . Smith flied out to left . Beckham reached on infield single to shortstop , Davis scored , Castillo to second . Machado flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Hellickson pitching for Orioles . Goins grounded out to shortstop . Pearce grounded out to third . Donaldson doubled to left . Morales homered to right center ( 417 feet ) , Donaldson scored . Bautista popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Schoop singled to left . Jones singled to right , Schoop to third . Mancini flied out to right , Jones to second . Davis grounded out to second , Schoop scored , Jones to third . Trumbo singled to center , Jones scored . Castillo flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Hellickson pitching for Orioles . Montero fouled out to first . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . Carrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Smith reached on infield single to third . Beckham struck out swinging . Machado singled to left , Smith to second . Schoop fouled out to first . Jones popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Hellickson pitching for Orioles . Barney grounded out to third . Goins doubled to deep right . Pearce struck out swinging . Donaldson walked . Morales singled to left , Goins scored , Donaldson to second . Bautista walked , Donaldson to third , Morales to second . Montero doubled to right , Donaldson and Morales scored , Bautista to third . Pillar doubled to deep left , Bautista and Montero scored . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Carrera grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Mancini struck out swinging . Davis homered to right center ( 410 feet ) . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Castillo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Barney flied out to right . Goins grounded out to second . Pearce doubled to left . Givens pitching for Orioles . Donaldson walked . Morales homered to right ( 430 feet ) , Pearce and Donaldson scored . Bautista struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Barnes pitching for Blue Jays . Smith singled to right . Beckham singled to left , Smith to second . Machado grounded into double play , second to first , Beckham out at second , Smith to third . Schoop flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Givens pitching for Orioles . Montero singled to right . Pillar fouled out to first . Carrera walked , Montero to second . Barney struck out looking . Goins grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Leone pitching for Blue Jays . Jones flied out to center . Mancini grounded out to pitcher . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Givens pitching for Orioles . Pearce lined out to right . Donaldson grounded out to third . Morales homered to center ( 396 feet ) . Bautista grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Trumbo doubled to deep center . Castillo grounded out to third . Smith struck out swinging . Beckham singled to right , Trumbo scored on error by right fielder Bautista . Machado singled to left , Beckham to second . Schoop reached on infield single to second , Beckham scored , Machado to second . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Machado to third , Schoop to second on wild pitch by Osuna . Jones grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 9th . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Montero flied out to center . Pillar struck out swinging . Carrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Mancini flied out to center . Davis struck out swinging . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 11 - Orioles 8 .	Morales ' 3 HRs , 7 RBIs carry Blue Jays past Orioles 11 - 8