Yankees - Top 1st . Hellickson pitching for Orioles . Gardner popped out to shortstop . Judge grounded out to third . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Beckham grounded out to second . Machado popped out to second . Schoop walked . Jones reached on infield single to third , Schoop to second . Schoop to third , Jones to second on wild pitch by Sabathia . Mancini reached on infield single to shortstop , Schoop scored , Jones to third . Trumbo flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Hellickson pitching for Orioles . Gregorius walked . Holliday walked , Gregorius to second . Bird flied out to center . Frazier popped out to second . Ellsbury popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Davis struck out looking . Castillo grounded out to third . Rickard reached on infield single to shortstop . Beckham grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rickard out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Hellickson pitching for Orioles . Romine singled to left . Gardner lined out to right . Judge walked , Romine to second . Castro hit by pitch , Romine to third , Judge to second . Gregorius singled to right , Romine and Judge scored , Castro to second . Holliday walked , Castro to third , Gregorius to second . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Bird hit sacrifice fly to center , Castro scored , Gregorius to third , Holliday to second , Bird to first on error by center fielder Jones . Frazier grounded out to shortstop , Gregorius scored , Holliday to third , Bird to second . Ellsbury singled to center , Holliday and Bird scored . Ellsbury to second on wild pitch by Bleier . Romine lined out to center . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Machado homered to center ( 425 feet ) . Schoop lined out to shortstop . Jones grounded out to third . Mancini grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Gardner grounded out to first . Yacabonis pitching for Orioles . Judge singled to right . Castro singled to right , Judge to second . Gregorius popped out to second . Holliday grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Trumbo grounded out to second . Davis struck out looking . Castillo singled to center . Rickard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Yacabonis pitching for Orioles . Bird singled to right center . Frazier grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bird out at second . Ellsbury walked . Romine grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Beckham grounded out to second . Machado flied out to center . Schoop homered to center ( 425 feet ) . Jones grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Jiménez pitching for Orioles . Gardner struck out swinging . Judge lined out to left . Castro reached on infield single to shortstop . Gregorius flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Mancini reached on infield single to shortstop . Trumbo homered to left ( 361 feet ) , Mancini scored . Davis grounded out to first . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . Castillo struck out swinging . Rickard walked . Beckham fouled out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Holliday struck out looking . Bird grounded out to second . Frazier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Machado struck out swinging . Schoop lined out to left . Jones grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Brach pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury singled to center . Romine grounded out to pitcher . Gardner reached on infield single to pitcher , Ellsbury to second . Judge struck out looking . Castro fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Mancini grounded out to shortstop . Trumbo grounded out to third . Davis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Gregorius struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Bird struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Betances pitching for Yankees . Castillo flied out to center . Álvarez hit for Rickard . Álvarez struck out swinging . Beckham walked . Machado homered to left center ( 431 feet ) , Beckham scored . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 6 - Orioles 7 .	Machado 's 2 - run HR in 9th lifts Orioles past Yankees 7 - 6