Mariners - Top 1st. Montas pitching for Athletics. Smith struck out swinging. Crawford flied out to left. Santana singled to right center. Vogelbach struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Bautista pitching for Mariners. Semien walked. Chapman walked, Semien to second. Olson lined out to first. Davis struck out swinging. Canha walked, Chapman to second, Semien to third. Laureano singled to left, Chapman scored and Semien scored, Canha to second. Profar reached on infield single to shortstop, Canha scored, Laureano to third. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Profar stole second. Pinder grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Montas pitching for Athletics. Narváez walked. Seager struck out swinging. Beckham doubled to right, Narváez to third. Williamson grounded out to second, Narváez scored, Beckham to third. Moore grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Phegley flied out to right. Semien homered to left (366 feet). Chapman grounded out to first. Olson doubled to deep right. Davis safe at first on error by shortstop Crawford, Olson safe at third on error by shortstop Crawford. Canha flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 3rd. Montas pitching for Athletics. Smith flied out to left. Crawford fouled out to third. Santana grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Laureano popped out to second. Profar lined out to center. Pinder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Montas pitching for Athletics. Vogelbach struck out looking. Narváez singled to left. Seager struck out looking. Beckham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Phegley doubled to center. Semien singled to shallow center, Phegley scored, Semien safe at second on error by center fielder Smith. Chapman doubled to deep right, Semien scored. Olson flied out to right, Chapman to third. Davis singled to center, Chapman scored. Canha doubled to deep center, Davis to third. Laureano reached on infield single to third. Profar singled to left, Canha scored and Davis scored, Laureano to second. Scott pitching for Mariners. Pinder grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Profar out at second. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 5th. Montas pitching for Athletics. Williamson struck out looking. Moore doubled to left. Smith grounded out to first, Moore to third. Crawford singled to left, Moore scored. Santana singled to left, Crawford to second. Vogelbach grounded into fielder's choice to second, Santana out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Scott pitching for Mariners. Phegley grounded out to shortstop. Semien grounded out to shortstop. Chapman reached on infield single to third. Olson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Montas pitching for Athletics. Narváez struck out swinging. Seager grounded out to first. Beckham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Scott pitching for Mariners. Davis grounded out to third. Canha hit by pitch. Laureano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Canha scored on throwing error by shortstop Crawford, Laureano safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Crawford. Profar singled to right, Laureano scored. Biddle pitching for Mariners. Pinder struck out swinging. Phegley lined out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 7th. Petit pitching for Athletics. Williamson grounded out to shortstop. Moore struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Biddle pitching for Mariners. Semien reached on infield single to shortstop. Chapman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Semien out at second. Olson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Buchter pitching for Athletics. Crawford walked. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to second, Crawford out at second. Vogelbach struck out swinging. Narváez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Bass pitching for Mariners. Davis walked. Canha flied out to left. Laureano grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Athletics. Seager flied out to left. Beckham struck out swinging. Williamson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 2 - Athletics 11.	Mariners lose to A's amid reports Encarnación headed to NY