Athletics - Top 1st. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Semien struck out looking. Chapman walked. Olson struck out swinging. Davis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Smith reached on infield single to second. Smith stole second, Smith safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Olson. Smith advanced to third on throwing error by first baseman Olson. Crawford hit sacrifice fly to right, Smith scored. Santana singled to right center. Vogelbach flied out to left. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 2nd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Canha grounded out to third. Laureano grounded out to second. Pinder grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Murphy singled to center. Seager grounded into double play, second to third to first, Murphy out at second. Williamson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Phegley grounded out to shortstop. Barreto homered to left (388 feet). Semien flied out to left. Chapman flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Gordon grounded out to second. Smith grounded out to second. Crawford struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Olson flied out to left. Davis struck out swinging. Canha grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Vogelbach grounded out to shortstop. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Laureano flied out to right. Pinder lined out to center. Phegley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Murphy homered to right center (397 feet). Seager grounded out to second. Williamson struck out swinging. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Barreto struck out swinging. Semien grounded out to shortstop. Chapman singled to left, Chapman thrown out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Smith safe at first on error by pitcher Anderson. Smith caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Crawford grounded out to second. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 7th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Olson hit ground rule double to deep right. Davis singled to right, Olson scored on error by right fielder Santana, Davis safe at second on throwing error by right fielder Santana. Canha grounded out to first, Davis to third. Laureano hit sacrifice fly to left, Davis scored. Pinder struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Vogelbach struck out swinging. Beckham singled to right. Petit pitching for Athletics. Beckham to second on passed ball by Phegley. Murphy grounded out to shortstop, Beckham to third. Seager grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Bass pitching for Mariners. Phegley lined out to first. Barreto struck out looking. Semien walked. Chapman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Nola hit for Williamson. Petit pitching for Athletics. Nola struck out swinging. Buchter pitching for Athletics. Gordon struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Nola in left field. Altavilla pitching for Mariners. Olson flied out to center. Davis walked. Canha walked, Davis to second. Laureano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Canha out at second, Davis to third. Grossman hit for Pinder. Grossman doubled to deep right, Davis scored and Laureano scored. Phegley struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Grossman in left field. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Crawford grounded out to first. Santana struck out swinging. Vogelbach struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 5 - Mariners 2.	A's use late offensive surge to top Mariners 5-2