Yankees - Top 1st. Roark pitching for Athletics. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Judge doubled to deep right. Gregorius struck out swinging. Urshela struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Semien doubled to deep right. Grossman walked. Chapman walked, Grossman to second, Semien to third. Olson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Semien scored, Chapman out at second, Grossman to third. Olson to second on wild pitch by Tanaka. Canha singled to center, Grossman scored and Olson scored. Piscotty singled to center, Canha to second. Davis grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Piscotty out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Roark pitching for Athletics. Sánchez singled to left center. Gardner grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Sánchez out at second. Torres singled to deep left. Torres to second on wild pitch by Roark. Tauchman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. Phegley grounded out to third. Semien grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Roark pitching for Athletics. Ford popped out to third. LeMahieu grounded out to second. Judge lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Grossman tripled to deep left center. Chapman singled to left, Grossman scored. Olson reached on infield single to second, Chapman to second. Canha grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Olson out at second, Chapman to third. Piscotty grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chapman scored, Canha out at second. Davis struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Roark pitching for Athletics. Gregorius flied out to right. Urshela struck out swinging. Sánchez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Joseph grounded out to first. Phegley singled to left. Semien lined out to right. Grossman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Roark pitching for Athletics. Gardner struck out looking. Torres doubled to deep left center. Tauchman singled to left, Torres scored, Tauchman to second. Ford grounded out to second, Tauchman to third. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Chapman fouled out to first. Olson grounded out to third. Canha struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Roark pitching for Athletics. Judge singled to left center. Gregorius popped out to first. Urshela struck out swinging. Sánchez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Piscotty doubled to left. Davis struck out swinging. Joseph grounded out to shortstop, Piscotty to third. Phegley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Roark pitching for Athletics. Gardner popped out to first. Torres homered to center (396 feet). Diekman pitching for Athletics. Tauchman grounded out to first. Ford popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Cessa pitching for Yankees. Semien struck out swinging. Grossman singled to center. Chapman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Grossman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Pinder in right field. Trivino pitching for Athletics. LeMahieu grounded out to first. Judge walked. Gregorius grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Judge out at second. Urshela struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Cessa pitching for Yankees. Olson grounded out to first. Canha singled to center. Pinder grounded out to pitcher, Canha to second. Davis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Athletics. Sánchez grounded out to shortstop. Gardner struck out swinging. Torres homered to right center (401 feet). Tauchman struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 3 - Athletics 5.	Roark strikes out seven, pitching A's to sweep of Yankees