Athletics - Top 1st. Sparkman pitching for Royals. Semien singled to right. Grossman popped out to shortstop. Olson singled to right, Semien to second. Canha hit by pitch, Olson to second, Semien to third. Brown flied out to center. Profar hit by pitch, Semien scored, Canha to second, Olson to third. Pinder flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Merrifield singled to right center. Soler homered to left center (391 feet), Merrifield scored. Dozier popped out to shortstop. Gordon grounded out to first. Cuthbert popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Sparkman pitching for Royals. Joseph lined out to left. Phegley flied out to right. Semien flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. O'Hearn struck out looking. Starling reached on bunt single to third. Dini lined out to right. Lopez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Sparkman pitching for Royals. Grossman grounded out to second. Olson grounded out to third. Canha flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. Soler flied out to right. Dozier grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Sparkman pitching for Royals. Brown doubled to deep right. Profar homered to right center (411 feet), Brown scored. Pinder doubled to deep right. Joseph lined out to center, Pinder to third. Phegley struck out looking. Semien singled to left, Pinder scored. Grossman flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Gordon flied out to left. Cuthbert grounded out to third. O'Hearn singled to right center. Starling grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, O'Hearn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Sparkman pitching for Royals. Olson grounded out to second. Canha doubled to deep right. Brown singled to center, Canha scored. Profar singled to right center, Brown to second. Pinder walked, Profar to second, Brown to third. Barnes pitching for Royals. Joseph walked, Brown scored, Pinder to second, Profar to third. Phegley hit sacrifice fly to left, Profar scored. Semien grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Dini hit by pitch. Lopez flied out to left. Merrifield singled to left center, Dini to third. Soler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dini scored and Dini scored on throwing error by third baseman Pinder, Merrifield to second. Dozier walked, Soler to second, Merrifield to third. Gordon lined out to third. Cuthbert doubled to deep left, Merrifield scored and Soler scored, Dozier to third. Petit pitching for Athletics. O'Hearn lined out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 6th. Barnes pitching for Royals. Grossman singled to center. Olson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Grossman safe at second on error by third baseman Cuthbert. Canha grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Olson out at second, Grossman to third. Brown reached on infield single to second, Grossman scored. Profar grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 6th. Petit pitching for Athletics. Starling struck out swinging. Dini popped out to shortstop. Lopez bunt popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Staumont pitching for Royals. Pinder struck out swinging. Joseph doubled to left. Phegley struck out swinging. Semien struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Soria pitching for Athletics. Merrifield singled to shallow left. Soler flied out to center. Dozier struck out swinging. Gordon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Staumont pitching for Royals. Grossman struck out looking. Olson lined out to first. Canha fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Diekman pitching for Athletics. Cuthbert struck out looking. O'Hearn walked. Starling walked, O'Hearn to second. Dini singled to right, O'Hearn scored, Starling to third. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Lopez reached on infield single to second, Starling scored, Dini to second. Phillips ran for Dini. Merrifield struck out swinging. Soler struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Viloria catching. Hill pitching for Royals. Brown singled to right. Profar singled to left, Brown to second. Barlow pitching for Royals. Pinder sacrificed to pitcher, Profar to second, Brown to third. Joseph fouled out to third, Brown scored, Profar to third. Phegley grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Chapman at third base. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Dozier struck out swinging. Gordon doubled to deep right center. Cuthbert struck out swinging. O'Hearn singled to right center, Gordon scored. Starling struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 9 - Royals 8.	Profar homers, A's hold off Royals 9-8 to take 4-game series