Athletics - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Semien flied out to right. Chapman walked. Olson hit by pitch, Chapman to second. Canha grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Olson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Athletics. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Judge singled to left. Torres grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Judge out at second. Gregorius grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Pinder flied out to center. Phegley grounded out to third. Profar homered to left (385 feet). Neuse walked. Grossman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Neuse out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. S치nchez lined out to center. Voit singled to center. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to first, Voit out at second. Romine grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gardner out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Semien struck out swinging. Chapman struck out swinging. Olson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Tauchman grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu singled to left. Judge singled to right, LeMahieu to second. Torres walked, Judge to second, LeMahieu to third. Gregorius grounded into fielder's choice to first, LeMahieu scored, Torres out at second, Judge to third. S치nchez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Cessa pitching for Yankees. Canha flied out to right. Pinder reached on infield single to second. Phegley lined out to right. Profar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Voit singled to left. Gardner singled to right center, Voit to second. Romine grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gardner to second, Voit to third. Tauchman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Voit scored, Romine out at second, Gardner to third. LeMahieu walked. Judge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LeMahieu out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Cessa pitching for Yankees. Neuse grounded out to second. Grossman reached on infield single to pitcher. Semien flied out to center. Chapman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Torres flied out to left. Gregorius flied out to center. S치nchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Kahnle pitching for Yankees. Olson singled to shallow left. Canha hit by pitch, Olson to second. Brown hit for Pinder. Brown doubled to center, Olson scored, Canha to third. Phegley struck out swinging. Profar doubled to deep right, Brown scored and Canha scored. Neuse grounded out to pitcher, Profar to third. Grossman flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Brown in left field. Grossman in right field. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Voit grounded out to third. Gardner grounded out to first. Romine grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Gearrin pitching for Yankees. Semien flied out to right. Chapman reached on infield single to third. Olson flied out to left. Chapman stole second. Canha tripled to deep center, Chapman scored. Brown singled to right, Canha scored. Phegley flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Petit pitching for Athletics. Tauchman popped out to second. LeMahieu fouled out to first. Judge grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Cortes Jr. pitching for Yankees. Profar grounded out to third. Neuse struck out swinging. Grossman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Petit pitching for Athletics. Torres flied out to right. Gregorius struck out swinging. S치nchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Cortes Jr. pitching for Yankees. Semien homered to left (428 feet). Chapman struck out swinging. Olson doubled to left. Canha popped out to shortstop. Brown singled to center, Olson scored. Phegley walked, Brown to second. Profar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Treinen pitching for Athletics. Voit struck out swinging. Gardner struck out swinging. Romine grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 8 - Yankees 2.	Profar offsets blown double play, lifts A's over Yankees 8-2