Angels - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Fletcher flied out to center. Trout reached on infield single to shortstop. Pujols safe at first on error by third baseman Chapman, Trout to second. Goodwin grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pujols out at second, Trout to third. Upton doubled to deep right center, Goodwin scored and Trout scored. Calhoun struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Bard pitching for Angels. Semien hit by pitch. Chapman struck out looking, Semien stole second. Olson grounded out to first, Semien to third. Canha singled to center, Semien scored. Profar grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Simmons grounded out to third. Rengifo grounded out to second. Smith grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Suarez pitching for Angels. Davis struck out swinging. Pinder grounded out to pitcher. Neuse fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Fletcher reached on bunt single to catcher. Trout homered to center (455 feet), Fletcher scored. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Goodwin struck out swinging. Upton grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Suarez pitching for Angels. Phegley lined out to center. Semien singled to center. Chapman walked, Semien to second. Olson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Chapman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Calhoun grounded out to shortstop. Simmons singled to right center. Rengifo struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Suarez pitching for Angels. Canha popped out to second. Profar walked. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Profar out at second. Pinder grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Fletcher singled to right. Trout grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fletcher out at second. Pujols struck out swinging, Trout stole second. Goodwin singled to right, Trout to second. Upton singled to center, Trout scored, Goodwin to third. Upton picked off and caught stealing second. Brett Anderson pitches to Kole Calhoun. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Suarez pitching for Angels. Neuse lined out to center. Phegley grounded out to shortstop. Semien hit ground rule double to deep center. Chapman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Puk pitching for Athletics. Calhoun struck out swinging. Simmons grounded out to third. Rengifo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Suarez pitching for Angels. Olson doubled to deep right. Canha lined out to right, Olson to third. Profar lined out to center. Davis lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Puk pitching for Athletics. Smith homered to left (360 feet). Fletcher popped out to third. Trout walked. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Trout out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Suarez pitching for Angels. Pinder lined out to left. Neuse singled to center. Phegley homered to left (390 feet), Neuse scored. Buttrey pitching for Angels. Semien singled to right. Chapman walked, Semien to second. Olson walked, Chapman to second, Semien to third. Canha walked, Semien scored, Olson to second, Chapman to third. Del Pozo pitching for Angels. Profar walked, Chapman scored, Canha to second, Olson to third. García pitching for Angels. Davis grounded out to shortstop, Olson scored, Profar to second, Canha to third. Grossman hit for Pinder. Mejía pitching for Angels. Grossman tripled to deep center, Canha scored and Profar scored. Neuse flied out to center. 7 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Grossman in right field. Buchter pitching for Athletics. Goodwin struck out swinging. Upton struck out swinging. Calhoun singled to center. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Simmons grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Walsh at first base. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Phegley grounded out to second. Semien doubled to third, Semien safe at second on error by third baseman Fletcher. Chapman fouled out to first. Olson intentionally walked. Canha hit by pitch, Olson to second, Semien to third. Profar singled to center, Olson scored and Semien scored, Canha to third. Davis flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Diekman pitching for Athletics. Rengifo struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to second. Fletcher grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 6 - Athletics 10.	A's score 7 in 7th to beat Angels; Trout hits 45th homer