Rangers - Top 1st. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Choo walked. Andrus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Choo out at second. Calhoun doubled to deep right center. Solak lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Burke pitching for Rangers. Semien singled to left. Chapman singled to right center, Semien to third. Olson singled to deep right, Semien scored, Chapman to second. Canha grounded into fielder's choice to third, Olson scored on throwing error by third baseman Solak, Canha safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Solak, Chapman out at third. Laureano doubled to right, Canha scored. Davis walked. Pinder walked, Davis to second, Laureano to third. Neuse hit sacrifice fly to right, Laureano scored, Davis to third. Phegley singled to left, Davis scored, Pinder to second. Farrell pitching for Rangers. Semien walked, Phegley to second, Pinder to third. Chapman singled to center, Phegley scored and Pinder scored, Semien to third. Olson struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 2nd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Santana grounded out to second. Odor singled to right. DeShields singled to left, Odor to second. Heineman popped out to second. Kiner-Falefa flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Rangers. Canha reached on infield single to third. Laureano walked, Canha to second. Davis struck out swinging. Pinder struck out swinging. Neuse singled to center, Canha scored, Laureano to second. Phegley walked, Neuse to second, Laureano to third. Semien walked, Laureano scored, Phegley to second, Neuse to third. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Chapman struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Choo struck out swinging. Andrus fouled out to right. Calhoun grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Olson grounded out to first. Canha lined out to right. Laureano flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Solak grounded out to second. Santana hit by pitch. Odor struck out swinging. Santana to second on wild pitch by Manaea. DeShields struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Davis struck out swinging. Pinder flied out to center. Neuse singled to right center. Phegley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Brown in left field. Pinder in right field. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Heineman popped out to second. Kiner-Falefa flied out to right. Choo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Kelley pitching for Rangers. Semien homered to left (406 feet). Chapman struck out looking. Olson grounded out to first. Canha homered to left (368 feet). Brown flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Andrus homered to center (418 feet). Calhoun grounded out to second. Solak grounded out to third. Santana homered to left (366 feet). Odor reached on infield single to third. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. DeShields grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Guzmán at first base. Santana in right field. Palumbo pitching for Rangers. Davis safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Odor. Pinder lined out to left. Neuse struck out swinging. Phegley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Barreto at second base. Neuse at third base. Luzardo pitching for Athletics. Heineman walked. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. Guzmán struck out swinging. Andrus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Martin pitching for Rangers. Semien singled to center. Barreto struck out swinging. Olson struck out looking. Canha walked, Semien to second. Brown grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Buchter pitching for Athletics. Calhoun grounded out to second. Solak homered to left (374 feet). Santana struck out swinging. Odor flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Springs pitching for Rangers. Davis walked. Pinder grounded into fielder's choice to third, Davis out at second. Neuse doubled to deep right, Pinder to third. Phegley singled to left, Pinder scored, Neuse to third. Semien walked, Phegley to second. Barreto struck out swinging. Olson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Grossman in right field. Barreto at shortstop. Grossman in right field. Pinder in center field. Mengden pitching for Athletics. DeShields singled to right center. Heineman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeShields out at second. Kiner-Falefa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Heineman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 3 - Athletics 12.	Semien reaches base 6 times, A's roll past Rangers 12-3