Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Finley grounded out to pitcher. Alomar flied out to left. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles popped out to third. Clayton reached on infield single to third. Clayton caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Helton singled to center. Castilla walked, Helton to second. Burnitz walked, Helton to third, Castilla to second. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castilla out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Sexson walked. Cintron doubled to right, Sexson to third. Hillenbrand grounded out to third, Sexson scored. Bautista struck out swinging. Mayne intentionally walked. Webb grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Reyes flied out to left. Pellow fouled out to first. Jennings grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Finley flied out to center. Alomar walked. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Alomar out at second. Sexson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles popped out to shortstop. Clayton struck out swinging. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Cintron singled to right. Hillenbrand reached on infield single to shortstop, Cintron to second. Bautista grounded out to shortstop, Cintron to third, Hillenbrand to second. Mayne intentionally walked. Webb struck out swinging. Finley reached on infield single to first, Cintron scored, Hillenbrand to third, Mayne to second. Alomar grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Castilla grounded out to pitcher. Burnitz flied out to center. Johnson hit ground rule double to deep left center. Reyes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez flied out to center. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. Cintron grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Pellow singled to right center. Jennings sacrificed to pitcher, Pellow to second. Miles walked. Clayton grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Miles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. Bautista singled to center. Mayne doubled to deep right center, Bautista scored. Webb struck out looking. Finley lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton walked. Castilla lined out to left. Burnitz doubled to right, Helton to third. Johnson singled to right, Helton and Burnitz scored, Johnson to second on error by right fielder Bautista. Reyes flied out to left. Sweeney hit for Jennings. Pellow singled to right, Johnson scored. Pellow to third on wild pitch by Webb. Fassero pitching for Rockies. Sweeney grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Fassero pitching for Rockies. Alomar struck out swinging. Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop. Sexson doubled to deep center, Gonzalez scored. Nunez pitching for Rockies. Cintron walked. Hillenbrand lined out to center. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Bautista struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles reached on infield single to second. Clayton sacrificed to first, Miles to second. Helton intentionally walked. Castilla walked, Miles to third, Helton to second. Burnitz walked, Miles scored, Helton to third, Castilla to second. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Sadler in right field. Johnson hit by pitch, Helton scored, Castilla to third, Burnitz to second. Castilla scored, Burnitz to third, Johnson to second on wild pitch by Valverde. Reyes walked. Burnitz scored, Johnson to third, Reyes to second on wild pitch by Valverde. Wilson hit for Nunez. Pellow fouled out to first. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Wilson struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Mayne lined out to third. Sadler struck out swinging. Finley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles lined out to shortstop. Clayton struck out swinging. Helton safe at second on error by shortstop Cintron. Castilla walked. Burnitz walked, Helton to third, Castilla to second. Hocking in left field. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Alomar grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez tripled to deep right. Sexson struck out swinging. Cintron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Rockies 7.	Rockies score four in wild seventh to beat D-Backs