Dodgers - Top 1st. Roberts grounded out to first. Izturis flied out to center. Bradley singled to left. Green reached on infield single to pitcher, Bradley to second. Lo Duca flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Hairston grounded out to third. Devore struck out swinging. Bautista grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Beltre flied out to right. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Cora grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez doubled to right. Hillenbrand grounded out to second, Gonzalez to third. Hammock flied out to right. Olson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Perez grounded out to pitcher. Roberts walked. Roberts to second on balk by Gonzalez. Izturis grounded out to second, Roberts to third. Bradley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Cintron singled to center. Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher, Cintron to second. Hairston fouled out to third. Devore grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Green struck out swinging. Lo Duca doubled to left. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Encarnacion hit ground rule double to right, Lo Duca scored. Cora intentionally walked. Perez hit ground rule double to deep center, Encarnacion scored, Cora to third. Roberts homered to right, Cora and Perez scored. Izturis doubled to left. Bradley singled to center, Izturis scored. Bradley stole second. Green lined out to first. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Bautista doubled to left. Gonzalez singled to center, Bautista to third. Hillenbrand grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gonzalez out at second. Hammock reached on infield single to pitcher, Bautista scored, Hillenbrand to second. Olson flied out to right. Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hammock out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Lo Duca flied out to center. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Tracy hit for Villafuerte. Encarnacion grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Tracy fouled out to third. Hairston tripled to right. Devore grounded out to second, Hairston scored. Bautista singled to left. Gonzalez doubled to center, Bautista scored. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Hillenbrand lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Cora walked. Perez flied out to right. Roberts singled to center, Cora to third. Izturis lined out to shortstop. Bradley walked, Roberts to second. Sanchez pitching for Dodgers. Green fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Hammock fouled out to third. Olson grounded out to second. Cintron popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Lo Duca homered to left. Beltre walked. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Cora popped out to second. Baerga hit for Randolph. Sanchez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Baerga grounded out to second. Hairston singled to right. Devore grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hairston out at second. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Roberts singled to left. Roberts stole second. Izturis doubled to center, Roberts scored. Bradley reached on infield single to shortstop, Izturis to third. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Green hit sacrifice fly to right, Izturis scored. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Lo Duca hit by pitch, Bradley to second. Beltre fouled out to third. Encarnacion singled to left, Bradley scored, Lo Duca to second. Cora grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Gonzalez walked. Hillenbrand popped out to shortstop. Hammock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. Ventura hit for Sanchez. Olson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Ventura flied out to left. Roberts flied out to center. Izturis singled to left. Alvarez pitching for Dodgers. Bradley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Mayne hit for Good. Cintron grounded out to pitcher. Mayne singled to left. Hairston struck out swinging. Devore flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 10 - Diamondbacks 3.	Dodgers rout D-Backs to win sixth of seven