Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Hairston struck out swinging. Finley grounded out to second. Bautista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson singled to left. Clark lined out to center. Catalanotto flied out to center. Wells singled to left, Johnson to second. Zaun flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Gonzalez flied out to right. Hillenbrand grounded out to second. Tracy walked. Devore grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Hinske walked. Woodward doubled to deep center, Hinske scored. Menechino popped out to second. Rios grounded out to shortstop, Woodward to third. Johnson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Cintron flied out to right. Brito struck out looking. Hairston flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark singled to center. Catalanotto flied out to left. Wells reached on infield single to second, Clark to second. Zaun grounded out to catcher, Clark to third, Wells to second. Hinske homered to right, Clark and Wells scored. Woodward popped out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Finley grounded out to shortstop. Bautista grounded out to second. Gonzalez singled to right. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Menechino homered to center. Rios tripled to deep center. Johnson hit sacrifice fly to left, Rios scored. Clark grounded out to first. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Catalanotto hit by pitch. Wells singled to left, Catalanotto to second. Zaun safe at first on error by first baseman Hillenbrand, Catalanotto to third, Wells to second. Hinske reached on infield single to second, Catalanotto and Wells scored, Zaun to second. Woodward doubled to right, Zaun scored, Hinske to third. Menechino struck out looking. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Tracy lined out to third. Devore lined out to right. Cintron lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Rios grounded out to second. Johnson grounded out to third. Clark walked. Catalanotto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Brito struck out swinging. Hairston reached on infield single to third. Finley fouled out to first. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Green ran for Bautista. Bautista singled to center, Hairston to second. Gonzalez homered to right, Hairston and Green scored. Hillenbrand homered to left. Tracy fouled out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Green at third base. Olson in center field. Tracy at first base. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Zaun struck out swinging. Hinske singled to right. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Woodward grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hinske out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Devore walked. Cintron flied out to left. Brito singled to left, Devore to second. Hairston struck out swinging. Finley fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Menechino singled to left. Rios singled to right, Menechino to second. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rios out at second, Menechino to third. Clark walked, Johnson to second. Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher, Menechino scored, Johnson to third, Clark to second. Wells homered to center, Johnson and Clark scored. Zaun flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Green fouled out to first. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Olson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Hinske flied out to left. Woodward walked. Menechino walked, Woodward to second. Rios walked, Woodward to third, Menechino to second. Johnson walked, Woodward scored, Menechino to third, Rios to second. Berg hit for Catalanotto. Clark hit sacrifice fly to left, Menechino scored. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Berg walked, Rios to third, Johnson to second. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to second, Berg out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Tracy struck out swinging. Devore doubled to deep right. Zinter hit for Brito. Cintron singled to right, Devore to third. Zinter struck out swinging. Hairston fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Blue Jays 15.	Jays pump Wells for four hits, soak D-Backs