Yankees - Top 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Williams walked. Jeter sacrificed to third, Williams to second, Jeter safe at first on error by pitcher Webb. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to second, Williams out at third, Jeter out at second, Rodriguez to first. Giambi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Hairston struck out swinging. Finley doubled to deep right center. Bautista hit by pitch. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Finley to third, Bautista to second. Hillenbrand fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Sheffield singled to center. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sheffield out at second. Cairo grounded out to third, Matsui to second. Matsui to third on passed ball by Brito. Flaherty intentionally walked. Contreras struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Tracy popped out to shortstop. Cintron struck out swinging. Brito grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Williams singled to right. Jeter singled to left, Williams to second. Rodriguez walked, Williams to third, Jeter to second. Giambi struck out swinging. Sheffield grounded into fielder's choice to third, Williams scored, Jeter to third, Rodriguez safe at second on error by third baseman Tracy. Matsui grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Sheffield out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Webb grounded out to third. Hairston fouled out to second. Devore hit for Bautista. Finley doubled to deep center. Devore in right field. Devore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Cairo tripled to center. Flaherty grounded out to third. Contreras struck out swinging. Williams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez walked. Hillenbrand popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez stole second. Tracy popped out to shortstop. Cintron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Jeter singled to left. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jeter out at second. Giambi hit by pitch. Sheffield singled to center, Giambi to second. Matsui walked, Giambi to third, Sheffield to second. Cairo singled to right, Giambi and Sheffield scored, Matsui to third, Cairo to second advancing on throw. Flaherty intentionally walked. Contreras struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Green hit for Webb. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Brito reached on infield single to shortstop. Green homered to left, Brito scored. Hairston struck out looking. Finley grounded out to pitcher. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Devore struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Williams reached on infield single to shortstop. Jeter grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Williams out at second. Rodriguez singled to left. Giambi flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Hillenbrand singled to right. Tracy grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hillenbrand out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Sheffield struck out swinging. Matsui grounded out to second. Cairo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Cintron flied out to center. Zinter hit for Dessens. White pitching for Yankees. Brito walked. Zinter popped out to second. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Hairston singled to center, Brito to second. Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks. Finley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks. Flaherty flied out to right. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Williams doubled to deep left. Jeter reached on infield single to first, Williams to third. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Devore grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Giambi grounded out to shortstop. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy at first base. Olson at third base. Sheffield homered to center. Matsui struck out swinging. Clark at first base. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Cairo grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Tracy grounded out to third. Cintron grounded out to pitcher. Brito struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 4 - Diamondbacks 2.	Contreras beats D-Backs