Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Wells pitching for Padres. Hairston flied out to center. Finley reached on bunt single to second. Finley picked off first. Bautista grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Burroughs lined out to center. Cirillo flied out to left. Payton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Wells pitching for Padres. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. Olson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Nevin singled to right center. Buchanan struck out swinging. Quintero singled to left center, Nevin to third. Greene struck out swinging. Quintero caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Wells pitching for Padres. Cintron popped out to third. Hammock tripled to deep right center. Johnson grounded out to second. Hairston doubled to deep center, Hammock scored. Finley fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Long flied out to center. Wells struck out looking. Burroughs singled to left. Cirillo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Wells pitching for Padres. Bautista lined out to third. Gonzalez flied out to center. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Payton struck out swinging. Nevin singled to deep right. Buchanan struck out swinging. Quintero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Wells pitching for Padres. Olson reached on bunt single to second. Cintron grounded into double play, third to second to first, Olson out at second. Hammock grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Greene lined out to left. Long struck out swinging. Wells grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Wells pitching for Padres. Johnson singled to center. Hairston grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Johnson out at second. Finley singled to center. Bautista grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Burroughs hit by pitch. Cirillo reached on bunt single to first, Burroughs to second. Burroughs to third on wild pitch by Johnson. Burroughs to third on wild pitch by Johnson. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Burroughs out at home, Cirillo to second. Nevin walked, Cirillo to third, Payton to second. Buchanan struck out swinging. Quintero doubled to right, Cirillo and Payton scored, Nevin to third. Robinson in left field. Greene flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Wells pitching for Padres. Gonzalez lined out to shortstop. Hillenbrand doubled to deep left center. Olson popped out to second. Cintron grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Long struck out swinging. Wells hit by pitch. Burroughs grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wells out at second. Burroughs stole second. Cirillo singled to center, Burroughs scored. Vazquez at second base. Payton fouled out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Colbrunn hit for Johnson. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Hammock doubled to deep left center. Colbrunn flied out to center. Colbrunn batting. Hairston grounded out to shortstop, Hammock scored. Finley doubled to deep center. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Bautista singled to center, Finley out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Nevin struck out swinging. Robinson popped out to third. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Quintero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Gonzalez singled to center. Tracy hit for Olson. Hillenbrand flied out to center. Tracy singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Cintron singled to right, Gonzalez scored, Tracy to second. Tracy at third base. Hammock grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cintron out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Greene grounded out to second. Long homered to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Padres 4.	Wells outduels Big Unit