Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Giants. Alomar walked. Finley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Alomar out at second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Hillenbrand singled to left, Finley to second. Tracy walked, Finley to third, Hillenbrand to second. Cintron grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Durham walked. Perez doubled to left, Durham to third. Feliz grounded out to shortstop, Durham scored. Bonds singled to center, Perez scored. Alfonzo flied out to center. Grissom singled to center, Bonds to second. Torrealba struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Giants. McCracken grounded out to first. Hammock flied out to right. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Mohr struck out looking. Williams struck out swinging. Durham grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Giants. Alomar walked. Finley singled to center, Alomar to second. Gonzalez walked, Alomar to third, Finley to second. Hillenbrand hit by pitch, Alomar scored, Finley to third, Gonzalez to second. Tracy hit sacrifice fly to center, Finley scored. Cintron grounded out to pitcher, Gonzalez to third, Hillenbrand to second. McCracken lined out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez fouled out to catcher. Feliz struck out looking. Bonds lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Giants. Hammock struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to third. Alomar bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Alfonzo singled to left center. Grissom popped out to first. Torrealba grounded into double play, third to second to first, Alfonzo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Williams pitching for Giants. Finley grounded out to first. Gonzalez walked. Olson ran for Hillenbrand. Hillenbrand hit by pitch, Gonzalez to second. Tracy fouled out to third. Cintron singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Olson to second. Olson at third base. Tracy at first base. McCracken flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Mohr flied out to center. Williams walked. Durham singled to left center, Williams to third. Perez singled to left, Williams scored, Durham to second. Feliz struck out looking. Bonds intentionally walked, Durham to third, Perez to second. Alfonzo safe at first on error by left fielder Gonzalez, Durham scored, Perez advanced to third on play, Bonds advanced to second on play, Perez and Bonds scored on throwing error by cen. Grissom struck out looking. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Williams pitching for Giants. Hammock bunt grounded out to pitcher. Terrero hit for Johnson. Terrero grounded out to shortstop. Alomar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Torrealba tripled to deep center. Mohr singled to left, Torrealba scored. Williams sacrificed to pitcher, Mohr to second. Durham lined out to shortstop. Eyre pitching for Giants. Perez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Eyre pitching for Giants. Finley walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Olson struck out swinging. Brower pitching for Giants. Tracy walked, Finley to second. Cintron grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. Bonds walked. Alfonzo singled to center, Bonds to second. Grissom hit by pitch, Bonds to third, Alfonzo to second. Torrealba grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bonds scored, Grissom out at second, Alfonzo to third. Mohr struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Brower pitching for Giants. McCracken flied out to center. Hairston hit for Aquino. Hammock singled to right center. Hairston grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hammock out at second. Alomar doubled to deep right, Hairston to third. Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken in center field. Hairston in right field. Cruz hit for Brower. Finley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz grounded out to second. Durham grounded out to first. Perez singled to center. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Feliz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Olson walked. Olson to second on wild pitch by Christiansen. Tracy flied out to center. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Giants 8.	Big Unit comes out flat as Giants flatten D-Backs