Braves - Top 1st. Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal grounded out to third. Giles walked. Marrero fouled out to second. Jones homered to right center, Giles scored. Franco struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Ortiz pitching for Braves. McCracken walked. Green flied out to right. Bautista flied out to center. McCracken caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Tracy batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Derosa singled to center. Perez homered to left, Derosa scored. Ortiz struck out swinging. Furcal struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Tracy fouled out to third. Baerga singled to center. Cintron grounded into fielder's choice to second, Baerga out at second. Terrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks. Giles singled to left. Marrero singled to left center, Giles to second. Jones safe at first on error by shortstop Cintron, Giles to third, Marrero to second. Franco hit sacrifice fly to right, Giles scored. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Hill singled to right. Fossum bunted into fielder's choice to first, Hill out at second. McCracken walked, Fossum to second. Green grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCracken out at second, Fossum to third. Bautista grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks. Derosa walked. Perez singled to left, Derosa to second. Ortiz sacrificed to pitcher, Derosa to third, Perez to second. Furcal singled to left, Derosa scored, Perez to third. Giles singled to left, Perez scored, Furcal to second. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Marrero doubled to left, Furcal scored, Giles to third. Jones singled to center, Giles and Marrero scored. Franco flied out to right. Thomas in left field. Derosa at second base. Jones grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Tracy walked. Baerga grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tracy out at second. Devore in right field. Cintron flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Derosa struck out looking. Perez singled to center. Ortiz flied out to right. Furcal flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Terrero struck out swinging. Hill singled to right. Randolph struck out looking. McCracken grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Thomas struck out swinging. Marrero walked. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Marrero out at second. Franco walked, Jones to second. Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones walked, Jones to third, Franco to second. Derosa grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Green flied out to right. Devore grounded out to first. Tracy walked. Baerga singled to right, Tracy to third. Cintron singled to center, Tracy scored, Baerga to second. Terrero singled to right center, Baerga scored, Cintron to third. Hairston hit for Sparks. Hill singled to center, Cintron scored, Terrero to third. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Hairston walked, Hill to second. Nance pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken lined out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. LaRoche hit for Gryboski. Nance pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche grounded out to second. Furcal doubled to left. Martin pitching for Braves. Thomas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Martin pitching for Braves. Green flied out to center. Devore grounded out to second. Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks. Marrero safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Tracy. Jones singled to left, Marrero to second. Franco grounded out to second, Marrero to third, Jones to second. Jones struck out swinging. Drew pitching for Braves. Derosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Drew pitching for Braves. Baerga flied out to center. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Terrero flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez homered to center. Drew grounded out to shortstop. Furcal singled to right. Furcal to second on wild pitch by Aquino. Thomas grounded out to second, Furcal to third. Marrero grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Olson hit for Aquino. Drew pitching for Braves. Hill doubled to deep right. Olson flied out to right. McCracken reached on infield single to shortstop, Hill scored, McCracken to third on throwing error by shortstop Furcal. Green popped out to third. Devore flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Braves 11 - Diamondbacks 4.	Braves' Perez homers twice as Ortiz wins 13th