Pirates - Top 1st. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendall flied out to right. Wilson walked. Wilson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Ward struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. McCracken grounded out to second. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. Bautista flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson homered to center. Bay flied out to right. Redman grounded out to first. Wigginton homered to left. Castillo walked. Vogelsong struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. Tracy singled to center. Terrero popped out to second. Hairston singled to right center, Tracy to third. Hill flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendall singled to center. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kendall out at second. Ward singled to right, Wilson to third. Wilson struck out swinging. Bay walked, Ward to second. Redman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bay out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Randolph struck out swinging. McCracken grounded out to second. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Wigginton walked. Castillo doubled to deep right, Wigginton scored, Castillo to third advancing on throw. Vogelsong grounded out to shortstop. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castillo out at home. Wilson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Bautista lined out to shortstop. Hillenbrand flied out to right. Brito catching. Tracy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Ward singled to center. Ward to second on balk by Cormier. Wilson walked. Bay singled to left, Ward to third, Wilson to second. Redman reached on infield single to third, Ward scored, Wilson to third, Bay to second. Wigginton singled to right, Wilson scored, Bay to third, Redman to second. Castillo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bay scored, Wigginton out at second, Redman to third. Vogelsong struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Terrero homered to left. Hairston struck out swinging. Brito singled to right. Cormier sacrificed to pitcher, Brito to second. McCracken grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendall flied out to left. Wilson popped out to first. Ward flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Cintron lined out to third. Bautista grounded out to third. Hillenbrand singled to right. Tracy fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson singled to center. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilson out at second. Redman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bay out at second. Wigginton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Terrero grounded out to third. Hairston reached on infield single to second. Baerga hit for Cormier. Brito struck out swinging. Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks. Baerga flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Mackowiak hit for Vogelsong. Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks. Castillo doubled to deep center. Mackowiak tripled to deep center, Castillo scored. Kendall walked. Wilson fouled out to catcher. Ward walked, Kendall to second. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Mackowiak out at home, Kendall to third, Ward to second. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Mackowiak in right field. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. McCracken lined out to first. Cintron grounded out to first. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Bautista grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Redman grounded out to first. Wigginton grounded out to shortstop. Corey pitching for Pirates. Castillo popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Corey pitching for Pirates. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. Tracy singled to center. Terrero walked, Tracy to second. Hairston struck out swinging. Brito struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 7 - Diamondbacks 1.	Pirates bounty: Bucs top D-Backs for 4th straight