Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Terrero walked. Cintron singled to right, Terrero to third. Tracy singled to deep right, Terrero scored, Cintron to third. Hillenbrand singled to left, Cintron scored, Tracy to second. Bautista walked, Tracy to third, Hillenbrand to second. Kroeger struck out swinging. Hairston struck out swinging. Snyder walked, Tracy scored, Hillenbrand to third, Bautista to second. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Tucker struck out swinging. Alfonzo singled to center. Cruz singled to left, Alfonzo to second. Alfonzo to third, Cruz to second on passed ball by Snyder. Bonds intentionally walked. Snow singled to center, Alfonzo scored, Cruz to third, Bonds to second. Pierzynski hit by pitch, Cruz scored, Bonds to third, Snow to second. Mohr doubled to deep left, Bonds and Snow scored, Pierzynski to third. Ransom singled to center, Pierzynski and Mohr scored, Ransom to second advancing on throw. Hennessey struck out swinging. Tucker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Terrero hit ground rule double to deep right center. Cintron grounded out to pitcher. Tracy walked. Hillenbrand reached on infield single to third, Terrero to third, Tracy to second. Bautista grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hillenbrand out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Alfonzo homered to left. Cruz doubled to right. Bonds homered to right center, Cruz scored. Durbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Snow walked. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Mohr walked, Snow to second. Ransom singled to center, Snow to third, Mohr to second. Hennessey struck out swinging. Tucker walked, Snow scored, Mohr to third, Ransom to second. Alfonzo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Kroeger flied out to left. Hairston struck out swinging. Snyder doubled to left. Durbin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Durbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz flied out to left. Bonds grounded out to second. Snow flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Terrero lined out to second. Cintron doubled to deep right. Tracy batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Tucker batting. Alfonzo doubled to left, Tucker scored. Cruz grounded out to pitcher. Bonds intentionally walked. Snow singled to center, Alfonzo scored, Bonds to third. Pierzynski singled to right, Bonds scored, Snow to second. Mohr walked, Snow to third, Pierzynski to second. Ransom flied out to left. Burba safe at first on error by first baseman Zinter, Snow scored, Pierzynski to third, Mohr to second. Tucker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Burba pitching for Giants. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. Bautista reached on infield single to second. Bautista to second on wild pitch by Burba. Kroeger struck out swinging. Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks. Hairston struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks. Alfonzo singled to right. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Alfonzo safe at third on error by second baseman Hairston. Bonds hit sacrifice fly to left, Alfonzo scored. Snow singled to right, Cruz to second. Pierzynski popped out to shortstop. Mohr hit by pitch, Cruz to third, Snow to second. Ledee hit for Burba. Ransom doubled to deep left, Cruz and Snow scored, Mohr to third. Ledee safe at first on error by second baseman Hairston, Mohr scored, Ransom to third. Tucker in right field. Dallimore at second base. Ellison in center field. Mohr in left field. Ransom at shortstop. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Tucker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Snyder fouled out to first. Zinter grounded out to third. Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks. Green in left field. Kroeger in right field. Terrero flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks. Alfonzo singled to right. Dallimore lined out to center. Ellison lined out to right. Snow singled to center, Alfonzo to second. Walker pitching for Giants. Pierzynski flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Walker pitching for Giants. Cintron doubled to right. Sparks singled to center, Cintron to third. Hillenbrand fouled out to first. Green hit sacrifice fly to center, Cintron scored. Cintron at third base. Gil at shortstop. Kroeger flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks. Mohr lined out to third. Feliz hit for Walker. Ransom grounded out to pitcher. Feliz tripled to deep right center. Herges pitching for Giants. Feliz at third base. Tucker grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Herges pitching for Giants. Hairston doubled to deep right. Snyder grounded out to shortstop, Hairston to third. Zinter hit sacrifice fly to center, Hairston scored. Terrero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 7 - Giants 18.	Bonds and the Fonz bring happy days to S.F.