Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Lowry pitching for Giants. Terrero homered to left. Green lined out to right. Tracy grounded out to second. Hillenbrand popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Mohr walked. Alfonzo flied out to right. Mohr caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Cruz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Lowry pitching for Giants. Bautista flied out to right. Cintron flied out to center. Gil popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonds grounded out to second. Feliz grounded out to third. Grissom flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Lowry pitching for Giants. Brito grounded out to pitcher. Randolph struck out swinging. Terrero grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Pierzynski fouled out to first. Ransom walked. Lowry sacrificed to pitcher, Ransom to second. Mohr singled to left, Ransom scored, Mohr to second advancing on throw. Alfonzo flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Green flied out to center. Tracy singled to center. Hillenbrand doubled to right, Tracy scored, Hillenbrand thrown out at third. Bautista lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz flied out to right. Bonds doubled to deep left. Feliz struck out swinging. Grissom walked. Pierzynski flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Cintron popped out to second. Gil struck out swinging. Brito doubled to left. Randolph singled to right, Brito scored. Terrero singled to left, Randolph to second. Green singled to left, Randolph to third, Terrero to second. Tracy singled to right, Randolph and Terrero scored, Green to third. Hillenbrand doubled to deep left, Green scored, Tracy thrown out at home. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Dallimore hit for Lowry. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Ransom singled to center. Ransom caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Dallimore fouled out to first. Correia pitching for Giants. Mohr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Correia pitching for Giants. Bautista doubled to deep right. Cintron grounded out to first, Bautista to third. Gil hit sacrifice fly to right, Bautista scored. Brito grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Alfonzo lined out to right. Cruz hit by pitch. Bonds singled to left, Cruz to second. Feliz singled to left, Cruz to third, Bonds to second. Grissom homered to left, Cruz, Bonds and Feliz scored. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Pierzynski singled to center. Tucker hit for Correia. Ransom struck out swinging. Tucker safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Gil, Pierzynski to third. Mohr walked, Tucker to second. Burba pitching for Giants. Kroeger hit for Cormier. Alfonzo grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Burba pitching for Giants. Kroeger flied out to center. Terrero struck out swinging. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Kroeger in left field. Green flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Bonds walked. Eyre pitching for Giants. Feliz flied into double play, center to first, Bonds doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Eyre pitching for Giants. Tracy struck out looking. Hillenbrand singled to center. Bautista walked, Hillenbrand to second. Cintron reached on infield single to shortstop, Hillenbrand to third, Bautista to second. Gil struck out swinging. Brito lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Grissom singled to right. Durham hit for Ransom. Pierzynski flied out to left. Snow hit for Eyre. Ellison ran for Grissom. Durham hit ground rule double to deep right center, Grissom to third. Ellison scored, Durham to third on wild pitch by Koplove. Snyder catching. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Snow walked. Mohr hit ground rule double to deep left, Durham scored, Snow to third. Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop. Hermanson pitching for Giants. Feliz at third base. Ellison in center field. Durham at second base. Snow at first base. Cruz singled to right, Snow and Mohr scored, Cruz out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Hermanson pitching for Giants. Kroeger struck out swinging. Terrero reached on infield single to second. Snyder struck out swinging. Terrero to second on fielder's indifference. Tracy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 7 - Giants 9.	Snake tank: Giants score 8 unanswered in win