Rockies - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles struck out swinging. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. Atkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Estes pitching for Rockies. Terrero homered to right center. Hammock flied out to left. Bautista grounded out to second. Hillenbrand reached on infield single to shortstop. Snyder grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Castilla popped out to third. Greene struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Estes pitching for Rockies. Cintron grounded out to first. Tracy grounded out to first. Gil tripled to deep center. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe grounded out to second. Freeman struck out swinging. Estes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Estes pitching for Rockies. Terrero walked. Hammock grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Terrero out at second. Bautista singled to right. Hillenbrand singled to center, Bautista to second. Snyder walked, Bautista to third, Hillenbrand to second. Cintron walked, Bautista scored, Hillenbrand to third, Snyder to second. Tracy grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cintron out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles flied out to right. Clayton struck out swinging. Atkins singled to left center. Castilla grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Gil grounded out to third. Johnson walked. Terrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Greene flied out to center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Hawpe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Hammock doubled to deep left. Bautista singled to right, Hammock to third. Hillenbrand hit sacrifice fly to left, Hammock scored. Snyder singled to left center, Bautista to second. Cintron grounded into double play, second to first, Snyder out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Freeman flied out to left. Estes singled to right. Estes to second on passed ball by Snyder. Miles grounded out to first, Estes to third. Clayton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Tracy grounded out to first. Gil grounded out to shortstop. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Atkins singled to center. Castilla struck out swinging. Greene popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Terrero struck out swinging. Hammock singled to right. Bautista flied out to center. Hillenbrand grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hammock out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe flied out to left. Johnson hit for Estes. Freeman tripled to center. Johnson struck out swinging. Miles homered to left, Freeman scored. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Clayton lined out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Snyder grounded out to second. Cintron singled to shallow left. Devore in left field. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Sweeney hit for Atkins. Tracy grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Cintron out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Sweeney grounded out to first. Burnitz hit for Greene. Castilla struck out swinging. Burnitz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 2 - Diamondbacks 3.	Big Unit now 3rd in career Ks