Rockies - Top 1st. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles doubled to left. Barmes reached on bunt single to second, Miles to third. Helton struck out swinging. Greene walked, Barmes to second. Burnitz struck out swinging. Atkins singled to center, Miles and Barmes scored, Greene to second. Gonzalez lined out to left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Terrero singled to center. Hammock grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Terrero out at second. Bautista walked. Hillenbrand flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Freeman singled to center. Francis bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Freeman out at second. Miles flied out to center. Barmes homered to left, Francis scored. Helton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. Green doubled to deep left. Gil struck out looking. Brito grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Greene popped out to second. Burnitz struck out swinging. Atkins grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Randolph singled to right. Terrero sacrificed to first, Randolph to second. Hammock doubled to deep center, Randolph scored. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Hillenbrand flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Freeman popped out to shortstop. Francis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Cintron singled to right. Green flied out to right. Gil struck out swinging. Brito singled to center, Cintron to third. Randolph doubled to deep right center, Cintron and Brito scored. Terrero doubled to deep center, Randolph scored. Hammock struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles grounded out to second. Barmes flied out to center. Helton walked. Greene singled to left, Helton to second. Burnitz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Bautista doubled to right. Hillenbrand hit by pitch. Cintron grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bautista out at third, Hillenbrand to second. Green grounded into double play, second to first, Cintron out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez walked. Johnson hit for Francis. Johnson hit for Francis. Freeman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez safe at second on error by third baseman Green. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson singled to shallow right, Gonzalez to third, Freeman to second. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Gil batting. Brito batting. Zinter struck out looking. Durbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Durbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Terrero flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Durbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Barmes struck out swinging. Helton walked. Greene struck out swinging. Burnitz walked, Helton to second. Atkins singled to left, Helton scored, Burnitz to second. Gonzalez walked, Burnitz to third, Atkins to second. Freeman lined out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Hammock walked. Simpson pitching for Rockies. Simpson pitching for Rockies. Bautista doubled to left, Hammock scored. Hillenbrand flied out to right, Bautista to third. Cintron hit sacrifice fly to left, Bautista scored. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy at third base. Tracy at third base. Sweeney hit for Simpson. Sweeney hit for Simpson. Green grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Sweeney struck out swinging. Miles walked. Barmes grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Miles out at second. Tsao pitching for Rockies. Tsao pitching for Rockies. Helton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Tsao pitching for Rockies. Gil struck out swinging. Brito singled to center. Tracy homered to right, Brito scored. Baerga hit for Hammock. Baerga hit for Hammock. Terrero struck out swinging. Baerga reached on infield single to second. Devore ran for Baerga. Devore ran for Baerga. Devore in left field. Devore in left field. Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks. Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe hit for Greene. Hawpe hit for Greene. Bautista struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe grounded out to second. Burnitz grounded out to second. Johnson hit for Francis. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Durbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Bautista doubled to left, Hammock scored. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 5 - Diamondbacks 8.	First time since June: D-backs win 3 straight