Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Estes pitching for Rockies. Terrero grounded out to pitcher. Cintron lined out to right. Bautista flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles walked. Clayton singled to right, Miles to second. Helton struck out swinging. Castilla flied out to left. Burnitz fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Estes pitching for Rockies. Hillenbrand grounded out to second. Snyder grounded out to third. Tracy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez singled to left center. Closser struck out swinging. Freeman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Estes pitching for Rockies. Hammock walked. Gil struck out swinging. Johnson bunted into double play, catcher to shortstop, Hammock out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Estes singled to center. Miles walked, Estes to second. Clayton sacrificed to first, Estes to third, Miles to second, Clayton safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Hillenbrand. Estes and Miles scored on throwing error by first bas. Helton grounded out to first, Clayton to third. Castilla struck out swinging. Burnitz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Terrero struck out swinging. Cintron reached on infield single to shortstop. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cintron out at second. Hillenbrand grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bautista out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Closser singled to left center, Closser to second on error by left fielder Hammock. Freeman popped out to second. Estes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Snyder singled to left center. Tracy grounded out to second, Snyder to second. Hammock struck out swinging. Gil grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles flied out to left. Clayton grounded out to third. Helton singled to center. Castilla flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Johnson struck out swinging. Terrero grounded out to second. Cintron singled to center. Bautista walked, Cintron to second. Hillenbrand singled to left, Cintron scored, Bautista to second. Snyder struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Burnitz singled to center. Gonzalez reached on bunt single to first, Burnitz to second. Closser grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gonzalez out at second, Burnitz to third. Freeman grounded out to third, Burnitz scored, Closser to second. Estes fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Tracy flied out to center. Hammock grounded out to third. Gil grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles grounded out to shortstop. Clayton singled to left. Clayton caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Green hit for Johnson. Helton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Green singled to left. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Terrero reached on infield single to third, Green to second. Cintron sacrificed to pitcher, Green to third, Terrero to second. Bautista grounded out to second, Green scored, Terrero to third. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Hillenbrand fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Castilla fouled out to catcher. Burnitz homered to center. Gonzalez singled to left. Closser popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez caught stealing second, catcher to second. Freeman batting. Chacon pitching for Rockies. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Snyder singled to left. Baerga hit for Hammock. Tracy flied out to center. Devore ran for Baerga. McCracken hit for Gil. Baerga singled to center, Snyder to second. Zinter hit for Bruney. Kroeger ran for McCracken. McCracken walked, Snyder to third, Devore to second. Zinter flied out to left. Terrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 2 - Rockies 4.	Estes keeps 'em in the park, beats D-Backs