Phillies - Top 1st. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Hernández lined out to left. Herrera singled to shallow left. Altherr struck out looking, Herrera stole second. Saunders grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Turner struck out swinging. Heisey struck out swinging. Harper singled to right. Zimmerman walked, Harper to second. Harper to third, Zimmerman to second on wild pitch by Velasquez. Murphy intentionally walked. Rendon grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Blanco struck out swinging. Stassi singled to center. Galvis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stassi out at second. Knapp struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Taylor struck out swinging. Lobatón struck out swinging. Scherzer flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Velasquez lined out to second. Hernández grounded out to second. Herrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Turner safe at first on error by second baseman Hernández. Heisey flied out to left. Turner to second on wild pitch by Velasquez. Harper singled to right, Turner scored, Harper thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Zimmerman batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 4th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Altherr hit by pitch. Saunders reached on infield single to first, Altherr to second. Blanco flied out to right, Altherr to third. Stassi singled to left, Altherr scored, Saunders to second. Galvis struck out swinging. Knapp singled to right, Saunders scored, Stassi to third. Velasquez fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Murphy grounded out to second. Rendon grounded out to second. Taylor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Hernández struck out swinging. Herrera struck out swinging. Altherr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Lobatón doubled to center. Scherzer lined out to right, Lobatón to third. Turner hit sacrifice fly to left, Lobatón scored. Heisey singled to center. Harper doubled to deep right, Heisey scored. Zimmerman walked. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harper out at third, Zimmerman to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Saunders doubled to deep center. Blanco singled to left center, Saunders scored. Stassi grounded into fielder's choice to first, Blanco out at second. Galvis singled to center, Stassi to second. Knapp struck out looking. Nava hit for Velasquez. Nava reached on infield single to shortstop, Stassi tagged out at home, Galvis to second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. García pitching for Phillies. Rendon walked. Rendon stole second. Taylor struck out swinging. Lobatón flied out to center. Goodwin hit for Scherzer. Goodwin doubled to deep left, Rendon scored. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Turner flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Grace pitching for Nationals. Hernández out on batter's interference to catcher. Hernández batting. Herrera flied out to left. Altherr grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Heisey struck out swinging. Harper fouled out to left. Zimmerman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Grace pitching for Nationals. Saunders walked. Blanco grounded out to catcher, Saunders to second. Joseph hit for Stassi. Turner pitching for Nationals. Joseph walked. Galvis tripled to deep left center, Saunders and Joseph scored. Knapp struck out looking. Kelly hit for Ramos. Kelly flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Joseph at first base. Neshek pitching for Phillies. Murphy struck out swinging. Rendon singled to left. Taylor homered to left (349 feet), Rendon scored. Lobatón grounded out to second. Lind hit for Turner. Lind struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Albers pitching for Nationals. Hernández grounded out to second. Herrera struck out swinging. Altherr grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Nationals 6.	Taylor homers late as Nats salvage split with Phillies