Phillies - Top 1st. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Hernández lined out to left. Herrera doubled to deep right center. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop, Herrera to third. Joseph struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Inciarte singled to right. Phillips popped out to first. Inciarte picked off first. Markakis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Franco lined out to center. Saunders grounded out to first. Knapp struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Kemp lined out to second. Adams struck out looking. Flowers flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Galvis grounded out to pitcher. Eickhoff struck out swinging. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Swanson lined out to shortstop. Foltynewicz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Herrera walked. Kendrick grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop, Herrera out at second. Joseph grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Inciarte grounded out to first. Phillips singled to right. Markakis doubled to deep left center, Phillips scored. Kemp struck out looking. Adams grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Franco lined out to center. Saunders flied out to left. Knapp lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Flowers safe at third on error by third baseman Franco. Ruiz walked. Swanson homered to left center (409 feet), Flowers and Ruiz scored. Foltynewicz fouled out to second. Inciarte flied out to center. Phillips grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 6th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Galvis singled to right. Kelly hit for Eickhoff. Kelly lined out to right. Hernández singled to center, Galvis to second. Herrera flied out to center. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Kelly in left field. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Markakis grounded out to second. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Adams grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Joseph singled to shallow left. Franco walked, Joseph to second. Saunders lined into double play, pitcher to shortstop, Joseph out at second. Knapp grounded into fielder's choice to second, Franco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Flowers singled to left. Ruiz walked, Flowers to second. Swanson reached on infield single to first, Flowers to third, Ruiz to second. Adams hit for Foltynewicz. Adams popped out to first. Inciarte singled to center, Flowers scored, Ruiz to third, Swanson to second. Rodríguez pitching for Phillies. Phillips lined out to shortstop. Markakis doubled to shallow left, Ruiz and Swanson scored, Inciarte to third. Kemp walked. Adams walked, Inciarte scored, Markakis to third, Kemp to second. Flowers struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Adams in left field. Ramírez pitching for Braves. Galvis grounded out to first. Kelly grounded out to third. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. García pitching for Phillies. Ruiz walked. Swanson singled to center, Ruiz to second. Adams grounded out to pitcher, Ruiz to third, Swanson to second. Inciarte walked. Phillips struck out swinging. Markakis doubled to shallow left, Ruiz and Swanson scored, Inciarte to third. Santana hit for Ramírez. Santana doubled to deep left, Inciarte and Markakis scored. Blanco pitching for Phillies. Adams homered to right center (411 feet), Santana scored. Flowers popped out to second. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Santana in center field. Jackson pitching for Braves. Herrera doubled to deep right. Blanco grounded out to shortstop, Herrera to third. Nava hit for Joseph. Nava singled to left, Herrera scored. Franco singled to right, Nava to second. Saunders struck out swinging. Knapp grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 1 - Braves 14.	Foltynewicz sharp as Braves pound Phillies 14-1