Brewers - Top 1st. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Villar grounded out to second. Thames struck out swinging. Braun grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Hernández lined out to shortstop. Galvis safe at first on error by second baseman Villar. Kendrick lined out to right. Franco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 2nd. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Shaw grounded out to second. Santana struck out swinging. Piña singled to left. Phillips singled to right, Piña to third. Phillips to second on wild pitch by Eickhoff. Arcia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Williams walked. Herrera popped out to shortstop. Joseph struck out swinging. Knapp fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Guerra fouled out to catcher. Villar struck out looking. Thames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Eickhoff singled to right. Hernández reached on infield single to second, Eickhoff to second. Galvis grounded into double play, third to first, Eickhoff out at third, Hernández to second. Kendrick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Braun popped out to second. Shaw flied out to right. Santana flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Franco walked. Williams homered to left (379 feet), Franco scored. Herrera grounded out to second. Joseph lined out to center. Knapp struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Piña struck out swinging. Phillips walked. Phillips stole second. Arcia walked. Guerra sacrificed to first, Phillips to third, Arcia to second. Villar singled to left, Phillips and Arcia scored. Villar stole second. Thames grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Eickhoff singled to center. Hernández walked, Eickhoff to second. Galvis reached on bunt single to pitcher, Eickhoff to third, Hernández to second. Blazek pitching for Brewers. Kendrick singled to center, Eickhoff and Hernández scored, Galvis to second. Franco lined out to center, Galvis to third. Hader pitching for Brewers. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Galvis scored, Kendrick safe at second on error by shortstop Arcia. Herrera singled to left center, Kendrick scored, Williams to second. Joseph grounded into double play, third to second to first, Herrera out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 6th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Braun hit by pitch. Shaw struck out swinging. Santana grounded into double play, third to second to first, Braun out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Hader pitching for Brewers. Knapp grounded out to shortstop. Kelly hit for Eickhoff. Kelly hit by pitch. Hernández grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kelly out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Neshek pitching for Phillies. Piña struck out swinging. Phillips struck out swinging. Arcia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Sogard at shortstop. Galvis struck out swinging. Kendrick reached on infield single to third. Kendrick to second on wild pitch by Peralta. Franco walked. Williams grounded into double play, third to second to first, Franco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Benoit pitching for Phillies. Sogard singled to center. Villar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sogard out at second. Thames struck out swinging. Braun doubled to deep right, Villar scored. Shaw struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Herrera walked. Joseph struck out swinging. Knapp struck out looking. Perkins hit for Benoit. Perkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. García pitching for Phillies. Santana struck out swinging. Piña popped out to second. Phillips grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 3 - Phillies 6.	Phillies beat Brewers behind Williams, Eickhoff, Kendrick