Braves - Top 1st. Thompson pitching for Phillies. Inciarte grounded out to second. Phillips reached on infield single to second. Freeman singled to right, Phillips to third. Kemp grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Freeman out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Teheran pitching for Braves. Hernández grounded out to second. Galvis reached on infield single to third. Williams struck out swinging, Galvis stole second. Galvis stole third, Galvis scored on throwing error by catcher Suzuki. Franco singled to left. Herrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 2nd. Thompson pitching for Phillies. Adams flied out to right. Markakis singled to center. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Markakis out at second. Camargo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Teheran pitching for Braves. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. Altherr walked. Altherr picked off first, pitcher to first. Rupp grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Thompson pitching for Phillies. Teherán struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. Phillips walked. Freeman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Teheran pitching for Braves. Thompson grounded out to first. Hernández struck out swinging. Galvis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Thompson pitching for Phillies. Kemp singled to deep left, Kemp out stretching at second. Adams grounded out to first. Markakis walked. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Santana in left field. Teheran pitching for Braves. Williams safe at first on error by first baseman Adams. Franco struck out swinging. Herrera lined out to right. Joseph grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 5th. Thompson pitching for Phillies. Camargo grounded out to second. Teherán struck out looking. Inciarte doubled to deep right center. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Altherr homered to left center (412 feet). Rupp homered to left center (421 feet). Kelly hit for Thompson. Kelly walked. Hernández flied out to left. Galvis tripled to deep right, Kelly scored, Galvis scored on throwing error by second baseman Phillips. Williams hit by pitch. Franco flied out to left. Herrera singled to center, Williams to second. Joseph homered to left center (385 feet), Williams and Herrera scored. Freeman pitching for Braves. Altherr struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 6th. Milner pitching for Phillies. Freeman struck out swinging. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Adams walked. Markakis popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Freeman pitching for Braves. Rupp struck out swinging. Milner struck out swinging. Hernández singled to center. Galvis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Milner pitching for Phillies. Suzuki homered to left (354 feet). Camargo grounded out to third. Rodríguez hit for Freeman. Rodríguez homered to left (396 feet). Inciarte lined out to center. Phillips singled to right. Freeman struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Rodríguez at second base. Hursh pitching for Braves. Williams reached on infield single to second. Franco grounded out to shortstop, Williams to second. Herrera lined out to third. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Blanco at first base. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Santana flied out to center. Adams singled to right. Markakis popped out to shortstop. Suzuki singled to left, Adams to second. Camargo singled to left, Adams to third, Suzuki to second, Adams scored, Suzuki to third, Camargo to second on error by third baseman Franco. Rodríguez walked. Benoit pitching for Phillies. Inciarte flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Hursh pitching for Braves. Altherr homered to center (377 feet). Rupp singled to right center. Blanco walked, Rupp to second. Hernández grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Blanco out at second, Rupp to third. Galvis reached on infield single to first, Rupp scored. Williams lined out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Johnson hit for Hursh. Benoit pitching for Phillies. Johnson struck out swinging. Freeman lined out to left. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 3 - Phillies 10.	Altherr homers twice to lead Thompson, Phillies past Braves