Phillies - Top 1st. Nolasco pitching for Angels. Hernández reached on infield single to second. Galvis flied out to center. Hernández to second on wild pitch by Nolasco. Altherr safe at first on error by pitcher Nolasco, Hernández to third. Joseph singled to left, Hernández scored, Altherr to second. Herrera popped out to shortstop. Franco struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 1st. Nola pitching for Phillies. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Trout flied out to right. Pujols struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Angels. Williams struck out swinging. Kim doubled to right. Knapp lined out to left. Hernández safe at first on error by second baseman Cowart, Kim to third. Galvis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Nola pitching for Phillies. Valbuena grounded out to second. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Revere singled to center. Maldonado grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Angels. Altherr struck out swinging. Joseph doubled to left. Herrera grounded out to pitcher, Joseph to third. Franco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Nola pitching for Phillies. Flores grounded out to second. Cowart struck out swinging. Escobar singled to left. Trout singled to left, Escobar to second. Pujols singled to left, Escobar thrown out at home, Trout to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Nolasco pitching for Angels. Williams singled to deep center. Kim flied out to center. Knapp grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Williams out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Nola pitching for Phillies. Valbuena flied out to center. Simmons grounded out to third. Revere singled to right. Revere stole second. Maldonado fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Nolasco pitching for Angels. Hernández flied out to right. Galvis walked. Altherr grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Galvis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Nola pitching for Phillies. Flores grounded out to first. Cowart flied out to left. Escobar singled to center. Trout walked, Escobar to second. Pujols doubled to right, Escobar and Trout scored. Valbuena grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Nolasco pitching for Angels. Joseph walked. Herrera reached on bunt single to third, Joseph to second. Franco flied out to center. Williams flied out to left. Kim struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Nola pitching for Phillies. Simmons singled to center. Revere flied out to center. Maldonado struck out swinging. Flores grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Middleton pitching for Angels. Knapp doubled to left. Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop. Galvis lined out to center, Knapp to third. Altherr struck out swinging. Joseph struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Leiter Jr. pitching for Phillies. Cowart singled to center. Escobar struck out swinging. Trout singled to left, Cowart to second. Pujols homered to left (367 feet), Cowart and Trout scored. Valbuena hit by pitch. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Valbuena out at second. Simmons stole second. Revere grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Pennington at second base. Robinson in right field. Cowart at third base. Parker pitching for Angels. Herrera grounded out to shortstop. Franco flied out to left. Williams grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Anderson pitching for Phillies. Maldonado flied out to center. Pennington singled to center. Cowart singled to right, Pennington to second. Pennington stole third, Cowart stole second, Pennington scored, Cowart safe at third on throwing error by catcher Knapp. Robinson hit sacrifice fly to right, Cowart scored. Trout struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 9th. Scribner pitching for Angels. Kim walked. Knapp grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kim out at second. Hernández lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 1 - Angels 7.	Pujols' 608th homer, 5 RBIs power Angels past Phillies, 7-1