Phillies - Top 1st. Blach pitching for Giants. Hernández lined out to center. Galvis lined out to center. Williams grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Span inside-the-park home run to deep right. Pence flied out to right. Parker struck out looking. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Blach pitching for Giants. Hoskins struck out looking. Franco singled to left center. Alfaro singled to right, Franco to second. Franco to third, Alfaro to second on wild pitch by Blach. Rupp walked. Perkins hit sacrifice fly to right, Franco scored. Eickhoff grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Sandoval struck out swinging. Crawford flied out to right. Jones hit by pitch. Tomlinson walked, Jones to second. Blach walked, Jones to third, Tomlinson to second. Span singled to center, Jones and Tomlinson scored, Blach to third. Span caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Pence continues to bat after dropped foul ball by catcher Rupp. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Blach pitching for Giants. Hernández struck out swinging. Galvis singled to left. Williams reached on infield single to shortstop, Galvis to second. Hoskins homered to left, Galvis and Williams scored. Franco grounded out to pitcher. Alfaro safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval. Rupp grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Pence singled to center. Parker grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Pence out at second. Posey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Blach pitching for Giants. Perkins flied out to right. Eickhoff doubled to left. Hernández lined out to center. Galvis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Sandoval doubled to deep center. Crawford singled to right, Sandoval to third. Jones flied out to right. Tomlinson singled to right, Sandoval scored, Crawford to second. Blach reached on bunt single to catcher, Crawford to third, Tomlinson to second. Span popped out to shortstop. Pence flied out to left. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Blach pitching for Giants. Williams grounded out to first. Hoskins walked. Franco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hoskins out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Parker grounded out to pitcher. Posey singled to right. Sandoval popped out to second. Florimón at third base. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Blach pitching for Giants. Alfaro struck out swinging. Rupp doubled to deep center. Perkins singled to center, Rupp scored. Osich pitching for Giants. Florimón doubled to deep left center, Perkins scored. Hernández grounded out to shortstop, Florimón to third. Galvis singled to left, Florimón scored. Williams walked, Galvis to second. Hoskins walked, Galvis to third, Williams to second. Kelly hit for Morgan. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Kelly homered to right, Galvis, Williams and Hoskins scored. Alfaro struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Therrien pitching for Phillies. Jones lined out to center. Tomlinson walked. Moncrief hit for Gearrin. Moncrief lined out to left. Tomlinson to second on passed ball by Rupp. Span walked. Pence grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Moncrief in right field. Suárez pitching for Giants. Rupp struck out swinging. Perkins struck out looking. Florimón struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Milner pitching for Phillies. Parker grounded out to shortstop. Posey grounded out to second. Sandoval fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Hundley catching. Calixte at shortstop. Suarez pitching for Giants. Hernández struck out swinging. Galvis singled to left. Williams struck out swinging. Hoskins lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Kim in right field. Perkins in center field. García pitching for Phillies. Calixte struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Tomlinson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Suarez pitching for Giants. Kim grounded out to first. Alfaro struck out looking. Rupp homered to left center. Perkins struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Moncrief singled to left. Span lined out to center. Hernández hit for Suárez. Hernández singled to right, Moncrief to second. Parker singled to left center, Moncrief to third, Hernández to second. Hundley popped out to second. Sandoval singled to center, Moncrief and Hernández scored, Parker to third. Parker scored on Rupp's passed ball. Sandoval safe at second on throwing error by catcher Rupp. Calixte singled to right, Sandoval scored. Jones tripled to deep right center, Calixte scored. Neris pitching for Phillies. Tomlinson walked. Tomlinson stole second. Moncrief struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Phillies 12 - Giants 9.	Kelly slam, Phillies beat Giants 12-9 to end 6-game skid