Tigers - Top 1st. Volquez pitching for Royals. Kinsler singled to left. Maybin singled to right, Kinsler to third. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left, Kinsler scored. Martínez struck out swinging, Maybin stole second, Maybin to third on throwing error by catcher Pérez. Castellanos hit by pitch. Upton singled to center, Maybin scored, Castellanos to second. Moya struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 1st. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Merrifield grounded out to third. Escobar fouled out to first. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Volquez pitching for Royals. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Iglesias lined out to right. Kinsler popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Cain doubled to left. Pérez singled to right, Cain to third. Morales singled to left, Cain scored, Pérez to second. Orlando reached on bunt single to pitcher, Pérez to third, Morales to second, Pérez scored on throwing error by pitcher Boyd. Eibner grounded into fielder's choice to third, Orlando out at second, Morales to third. Cuthbert popped out to second. Merrifield doubled to left, Morales and Eibner scored. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 3rd. Volquez pitching for Royals. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Martínez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Hosmer flied out to center. Cain grounded out to shortstop. Pérez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Volquez pitching for Royals. Castellanos flied out to center. Upton lined out to second. Moya struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Morales doubled to deep center. Orlando popped out to first. Eibner doubled to deep right center, Morales scored. Cuthbert flied out to left. Merrifield singled to left, Eibner scored. Sánchez pitching for Tigers. Merrifield stole second. Escobar singled to right, Merrifield scored, Escobar thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Volquez pitching for Royals. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Iglesias grounded out to second. Kinsler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Hosmer walked. Cain grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hosmer out at second. Pérez singled to left. Morales grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pérez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Volquez pitching for Royals. Maybin grounded out to third. Cabrera singled to center. Martínez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Orlando reached on infield single to third. Eibner struck out looking. Orlando stole second. Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop. Orlando to third on wild pitch by Sánchez. Merrifield singled to center, Orlando scored. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Volquez pitching for Royals. Castellanos singled to right. Upton homered to left (352 feet), Castellanos scored. Moya doubled to deep center. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first, Moya to third. Iglesias singled to left, Moya scored. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Iglesias out at second. Maybin struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Hosmer doubled to deep right center. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Cain lined out to first. Pérez intentionally walked. Morales doubled to right, Hosmer and Pérez scored. Orlando doubled to right, Morales scored. Eibner struck out looking. Cuthbert fouled out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Dyson in left field. Soria pitching for Royals. Cabrera reached on infield single to third. Martínez grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. Castellanos doubled to deep right center. Upton walked. Moya grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Lowe pitching for Tigers. Merrifield flied out to right. Escobar singled to left. Hosmer singled to center, Escobar to third. Cain singled to center, Escobar scored, Hosmer to second. Pérez reached on infield single to third, Hosmer to third, Cain to second. Morales singled to center, Hosmer and Cain scored, Pérez to second. Orlando singled to right, Pérez scored, Morales to third. Romine pitching for Tigers. Dyson walked, Orlando to second. Cuthbert grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morales scored, Dyson out at second, Orlando to third. Merrifield walked, Cuthbert to second. Colón hit for Escobar. Colón grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Colón at shortstop. Butera catching. Davis pitching for Royals. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Iglesias grounded out to third. McGehee hit for Kinsler. McGehee grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 5 - Royals 16.	Morales drives in 5, Royals crush Tigers 16-5