Indians - Top 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Santana struck out swinging. Kipnis grounded out to second. Lindor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Salazar pitching for Indians. Kinsler walked. Kinsler stole second. Maybin walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to first, Kinsler out at third, Maybin to second. Martínez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Napoli singled to left, Napoli out stretching at second. Ramírez flied out to center. Uribe grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Salazar pitching for Indians. Castellanos flied out to center. Upton walked. Moya lined out to right. McCann struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Chisenhall lined out to left. Gimenez singled to right. Davis singled to right, Gimenez to second. Santana grounded out to first, Gimenez to third, Davis to second. Kipnis tripled to deep right, Gimenez and Davis scored. Lindor struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Salazar pitching for Indians. Romine struck out swinging. Kinsler flied out to center. Maybin singled to center. Cabrera lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Napoli struck out swinging. Ramírez tripled to deep center. Uribe hit by pitch. Chisenhall tripled to deep right, Ramírez and Uribe scored. Gimenez singled to right, Chisenhall scored. Davis grounded out to second, Gimenez to second. Santana doubled to deep right, Gimenez scored. Kipnis tripled to deep right center, Santana scored. Pelfrey pitching for Tigers. Lindor lined out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Martínez flied out to left. Castellanos flied out to right. Upton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Pelfrey pitching for Tigers. Napoli singled to center. Ramírez lined out to center. Uribe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Napoli out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Moya singled to right. McCann singled to center, Moya to second. Moya to third, McCann to second on wild pitch by Salazar. Romine walked. Kinsler singled to right, Moya scored, McCann to third, Romine to second. Maybin grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCann scored, Kinsler out at second, Romine to third, Romine scored on throwing error by shortstop Lindor. Cabrera flied out to right. Martínez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 6th. Pelfrey pitching for Tigers. Chisenhall popped out to pitcher. Gimenez grounded out to first. Davis singled to left. Santana singled to center, Davis to second. Kipnis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Castellanos lined out to shortstop. Upton struck out swinging. Moya walked. Otero pitching for Indians. McCann singled to right, Moya to second. Romine grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Pelfrey pitching for Tigers. Lindor lined out to center. Napoli struck out swinging. Ramírez fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Otero pitching for Indians. Kinsler grounded out to second. Maybin singled to right. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Maybin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Pelfrey pitching for Tigers. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. Chisenhall struck out looking. Gimenez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Ramírez at third base. Martínez in left field. Shaw pitching for Indians. Martínez grounded out to third. Castellanos lined out to center. Upton singled to left. Moya struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Aviles in right field. Lowe pitching for Tigers. Davis flied out to center. Santana popped out to shortstop. Kipnis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Allen pitching for Indians. McCann grounded out to shortstop. Romine struck out swinging, Romine safe at on error by player player, Romine to first on throwing error by catcher Gimenez. Kinsler singled to left, Romine to second. Maybin singled to left, Romine scored, Kinsler to second. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Kinsler scored, Maybin out at first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Indians 7 - Tigers 5.	Kipnis triples twice, Indians beat Tigers 7-4