Phillies - Top 1st . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Rollins singled to left . Polanco walked , Rollins to second . Abreu safe at first on error by second baseman Grudzielanek , Rollins to third , Polanco to second . Burrell hit sacrifice fly to center , Rollins scored . Thome grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at second , Polanco to third . Bell singled to left , Polanco scored , Thome to second . Michaels grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Eckstein hit by pitch . Walker reached on infield single to first , Eckstein to second . Pujols grounded out to shortstop , Eckstein to third , Walker to second . Rolen grounded out to third , Eckstein scored . Edmonds fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Lieberthal doubled to deep right . Lidle sacrificed to catcher , Lieberthal to third . Rollins grounded out to second . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Grudzielanek singled to shallow right . Sanders grounded into double play , third to second to first , Grudzielanek out at second . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Abreu reached on infield single to second . Abreu to second on wild pitch by Mulder . Burrell struck out swinging . Thome singled to center , Abreu to third . Bell singled to left , Abreu scored , Thome to second . Michaels singled to right , Thome scored , Bell thrown out at third . Lieberthal grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Michaels out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Mulder lined out to left . Eckstein singled to left center . Walker grounded out to first , Eckstein to second . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Lidle struck out swinging . Rollins grounded out to pitcher . Polanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Rolen walked . Edmonds flied out to right . Grudzielanek singled to left center , Rolen to second . Sanders flied out to center . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Abreu doubled to deep center . Burrell walked . Thome flied out to left . Bell struck out swinging . Michaels singled to right , Abreu scored , Burrell to third , Michaels to second advancing on throw . Lieberthal intentionally walked . Lidle grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Mulder grounded out to shortstop . Eckstein walked . Walker struck out looking . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Rollins bunt grounded out to pitcher . Polanco grounded out to second . Abreu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Rolen safe at second on throwing error by catcher Lieberthal . Edmonds walked . Grudzielanek flied out to left . Adams pitching for Phillies . Sanders doubled to center , Rolen scored , Edmonds to third . Luna hit for Mulder . Molina flied out to right . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Luna popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Burrell struck out swinging . Thome struck out swinging . Bell popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Adams pitching for Phillies . Eckstein doubled to right . Madson pitching for Phillies . Walker singled to right , Eckstein to third . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eckstein scored , Walker out at second . Rolen flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Michaels singled to right center . Lieberthal singled to left , Michaels thrown out at third . Madson bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Lieberthal out at second . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Edmonds struck out swinging . Grudzielanek singled to center . Mabry hit for Molina . Sanders reached on infield single to second , Grudzielanek to second . Cedeno hit for Reyes . Marquis ran for Mabry . Mabry singled to center , Grudzielanek to third , Sanders to second . Cedeno hit sacrifice fly to center , Grudzielanek scored . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Eckstein walked , Sanders to third , Marquis to second . Walker walked , Sanders scored , Marquis to third , Eckstein to second . Pujols walked , Marquis scored , Eckstein to third , Walker to second . Diaz catching . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pujols out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Polanco walked . Abreu struck out swinging . Perez ran for Burrell . Burrell singled to right , Polanco to second . Polanco to third , Perez to second on wild pitch by Isringhausen . Thome intentionally walked . Lofton hit for Michaels . Bell fouled out to first . Lofton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 5 - Cardinals 6 .	Walk this way : Phils blow lead , walk in winning Cards run