Astros - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Everett grounded out to first . Biggio doubled to deep left . Bagwell flied out to right . Lane grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Duckworth pitching for Astros . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Grudzielanek lined out to right . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Ensberg struck out swinging . Burke flied out to right . Chavez reached on infield single to third . Taveras struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Duckworth pitching for Astros . Edmonds reached on bunt single to third . Rolen walked , Edmonds to second . Sanders walked , Edmonds to third , Rolen to second . Taguchi doubled to left , Edmonds and Rolen scored , Sanders to third . Molina reached on infield single to pitcher , Sanders scored , Taguchi scored on throwing error by pitcher Duckworth . Marquis walked , Molina to second . Eckstein bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Molina out at third , Marquis to second . Grudzielanek flied out to right . Pujols singled to left , Marquis scored , Eckstein thrown out at third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Duckworth singled to left . Everett walked , Duckworth to second . Biggio singled to left , Duckworth to third , Everett to second . Bagwell hit sacrifice fly to right , Duckworth scored , Everett to third . Lane grounded into double play , third to second to first , Biggio out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Duckworth pitching for Astros . Edmonds grounded out to second . Rolen doubled to left . Sanders walked . Taguchi grounded out to shortstop , Rolen to third , Sanders to second . Molina fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Ensberg struck out swinging . Burke struck out looking . Chavez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Duckworth pitching for Astros . Marquis doubled to left center . Eckstein singled to center , Marquis to third . Grudzielanek doubled to deep center , Marquis and Eckstein scored , Grudzielanek to third advancing on throw . Pujols hit by pitch . Edmonds hit sacrifice fly to center , Grudzielanek scored . Rolen fouled out to catcher . Sanders flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Scott hit for Duckworth . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Taveras reached on infield single to pitcher . Scott struck out swinging . Everett struck out swinging . Harville pitching for Astros . Biggio grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Taveras out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Harville pitching for Astros . Taguchi lined out to right . Molina grounded out to third . Marquis singled to left . Eckstein lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Bagwell grounded out to third . Lane walked . Ensberg struck out looking . Burke walked , Lane to second . Chavez singled to center , Lane to third , Burke to second . Palmeiro hit for Harville . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Taveras singled to center , Lane and Burke scored , Chavez to second . Palmeiro hit by pitch , Chavez to third , Taveras to second . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Everett doubled to left , Chavez , Taveras and Palmeiro scored . Biggio hit by pitch . Bagwell walked , Everett to third , Biggio to second . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Springer pitching for Astros . Lane grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bagwell out at second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Springer pitching for Astros . Grudzielanek flied out to center . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Edmonds walked . Rolen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Ensberg homered to center . Burke struck out swinging . Chavez singled to left center . Lamb hit for Springer . Taveras sacrificed to pitcher , Chavez to second . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Lamb popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Sanders grounded out to pitcher . Taguchi grounded out to second . Molina popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Everett popped out to shortstop . Biggio popped out to shortstop . Bagwell walked . Walker hit for Tavarez . Lane flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Walker struck out swinging . Eckstein walked . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop , Eckstein to second . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Pujols struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Ensberg singled to right . Burke struck out swinging . Chavez lined out to second . Taveras grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 7 - Cardinals 8 .	Cards ' bullpen almost blows 7 - run lead in narrow win