Cardinals - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Eckstein singled to left . Walker reached on bunt single to pitcher , Eckstein to second . Pujols struck out swinging . Edmonds singled to right , Eckstein scored , Walker to second , Edmonds to second , Walker to third advancing on throw . Rolen singled to center , Walker and Edmonds scored . Cedeno walked , Rolen to second . Grudzielanek doubled to right , Rolen scored , Cedeno to third . Molina bunt popped into double play , pitcher to third , Cedeno out at third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Furcal grounded out to second . Giles singled to center . Jordan flied out to center . Franco singled to center , Giles to second . Jones singled to left , Giles and Franco scored . Estrada grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Mulder grounded out to first . Eckstein grounded out to second . Walker struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Mondesi fouled out to first . Betemit struck out looking . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Pujols grounded out to pitcher . Edmonds walked . Rolen flied out to center . Cedeno grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . Giles doubled to deep right . Jordan homered to left , Giles scored . Franco flied out to center . Jones walked . Jones caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to first . Estrada batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Grudzielanek doubled to right . Molina grounded out to second , Grudzielanek to third . Mulder struck out swinging . Eckstein grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Estrada flied out to right . Mondesi grounded out to shortstop . Betemit grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Walker doubled to deep left center . Pujols homered to right center , Walker scored . Edmonds grounded out to first . Rolen grounded out to third . Cedeno safe at first on error by first baseman Franco . Cedeno caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Grudzielanek batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 5th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Hudson grounded out to pitcher . Furcal singled to center . Furcal to second on wild pitch by Mulder . Giles singled to center , Furcal scored . Jordan grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Giles out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Grudzielanek singled to center . Molina sacrificed to pitcher , Grudzielanek to second . Mulder lined out to left . Eckstein grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Franco struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to third . Foster pitching for Braves . Estrada grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Foster pitching for Braves . Walker lined out to shortstop . Pujols grounded out to pitcher . Edmonds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Mondesi walked . Orr hit for Foster . Betemit grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mondesi out at second . Orr singled to shallow right . Gryboski pitching for Braves . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Orr out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Gryboski pitching for Braves . Rolen singled to right center . Cedeno fouled out to shortstop . Grudzielanek flied out to right . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Mabry in left field . Molina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Giles struck out swinging . Jordan singled to center . Bernero pitching for Braves . Franco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jordan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Bernero pitching for Braves . Mabry fouled out to third . Eckstein singled to center . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Eckstein out at second . Pujols intentionally walked . Edmonds lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 9th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Jones hit by pitch . Langerhans ran for Estrada . Estrada singled to right , Jones to second . Jones hit for Betemit . King pitching for Cardinals . Mondesi popped out to second . Perez hit for Bernero . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Jones fouled out to first . Perez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Braves 5 .	Mulder , Hudson roughed up as Cards top Braves