Cardinals - Top 1st . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Eckstein safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Rollins . Walker flied out to right . Pujols safe at first on error by third baseman Bell , Eckstein to second . Eckstein caught stealing third , catcher to third , Pujols to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Edmonds walked . Sanders struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Rollins grounded out to second . Chavez struck out looking . Abreu homered to right . Burrell homered to center . Utley singled to right . Bell flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Grudzielanek doubled to deep right . Seabol lined out to first . Molina safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Bell , Grudzielanek to third . Suppan sacrificed to first , Grudzielanek scored , Molina to second . Eckstein lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Howard homered to left . Lieberthal singled to left . Lidle singled to left , Lieberthal to second . Rollins walked , Lieberthal to third , Lidle to second . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Lieberthal and Lidle scored on error by shortstop Eckstein , Rollins safe at third on error by shortstop Eckstein . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center , Rollins scored , Chavez to third . Chavez scored on Suppan 's wild pitch . Burrell struck out looking . Utley hit by pitch . Bell flied out to right . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Walker struck out swinging . Pujols reached on infield single to shortstop , Pujols to second on throwing error by shortstop Rollins . Edmonds doubled to right , Pujols scored . Sanders grounded out to third . Grudzielanek singled to right , Edmonds to third . Seabol struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Howard flied out to left . Lieberthal reached on infield single to third . Lidle sacrificed to pitcher , Lieberthal to second . Rollins lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Molina grounded out to third . Suppan grounded out to shortstop . Eckstein singled to right . Walker safe at first on error by third baseman Bell , Eckstein to second . Pujols doubled to deep center , Eckstein and Walker scored . Edmonds walked . Sanders struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 4th . White pitching for Cardinals . Chavez singled to left . Abreu flied out to left . Chavez caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Burrell flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher . Seabol popped out to pitcher . Molina grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . White pitching for Cardinals . Utley popped out to second . Bell singled to left . Howard grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bell out at second . Cedeno hit for White . Lieberthal flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Cedeno grounded out to first . Eckstein flied out to center . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Offerman hit for Lidle . Walker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Offerman grounded out to first . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Madson pitching for Phillies . Chavez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Pujols grounded out to third . Edmonds flied out to left . Sanders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Abreu struck out looking . Burrell singled to right . Perez at first base . Utley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Burrell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Seabol popped out to shortstop . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Bell fouled out to third . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Taguchi hit for Reyes . Lieberthal flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Taguchi grounded out to pitcher . Eckstein homered to left . Walker struck out looking . Pujols singled to center . Edmonds grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Phillies 7 .	Sizzling Abreu hits eighth homer in nine games , Phils win