Cardinals - Top 1st . Myers pitching for Phillies . Eckstein struck out swinging . Nunez lined out to right . Pujols fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Rollins walked . Chavez sacrificed to catcher , Rollins to second . Abreu walked . Burrell singled to left , Rollins scored , Abreu to second . Utley singled to right , Abreu to third , Burrell to second . Bell grounded into double play , third to first , Burrell out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Edmonds homered to center . Sanders singled to right . Cedeno struck out looking . Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher , Sanders to second . Sanders stole third . Molina struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Perez singled to left . Pratt singled to left , Perez to second . Myers singled to right , Perez scored , Pratt to second . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Myers out at second , Pratt to third . Chavez flied out to center . Abreu grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Marquis struck out swinging . Eckstein singled to right . Eckstein stole second . Nunez struck out swinging . Pujols homered to left , Eckstein scored . Edmonds struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Burrell singled to left . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Burrell out at second . Bell walked , Utley to second . Perez flied out to center . Pratt walked , Utley to third , Bell to second . Utley scored , Bell to third , Pratt to second on wild pitch by Marquis . Myers grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Sanders grounded out to first . Cedeno hit by pitch . Grudzielanek singled to left , Cedeno to second . Molina grounded into double play , second to first , Grudzielanek out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Rollins walked . Chavez sacrificed to pitcher , Rollins to second . Abreu walked . Rollins stole third , Abreu stole second . Burrell struck out swinging . Utley reached on infield single to first , Rollins scored , Abreu to third . Bell grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Marquis grounded out to shortstop . Eckstein singled to center . Nunez struck out swinging , Eckstein stole second . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Pujols grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Pratt struck out looking . Myers struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Edmonds struck out swinging . Sanders grounded out to third . Cedeno popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Rollins flied out to center . Chavez walked . White pitching for Cardinals . Abreu singled to right , Chavez to second . Burrell doubled to deep center , Chavez scored , Abreu to third . Utley popped out to shortstop . Bell intentionally walked . Perez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . Seabol hit for White . Molina grounded out to third . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Seabol struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Offerman hit for Myers . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Pratt grounded out to shortstop . Offerman homered to right . Rollins grounded out to first . Madson pitching for Phillies . Chavez fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Eckstein grounded out to third . Nunez struck out looking . King pitching for Cardinals . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . King pitching for Cardinals . Abreu walked . Abreu stole second . Burrell walked . Utley grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Burrell out at second , Abreu to third . Bell singled to left , Abreu scored . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Taguchi hit for Edmonds . Perez doubled to deep left center , Bell thrown out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Taguchi struck out swinging . Sanders hit ground rule double to deep left . Sanders to third on fielder 's indifference . Cedeno grounded out to shortstop , Sanders scored . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Phillies 7 .	Gettin ' their Phil : Myers helps win Cards series