Pirates - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Lawton walked . Wilson grounded out to second , Lawton to second . Bay fouled out to first . Ward walked . Castillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Pirates . Eckstein struck out swinging . Walker flied out to left . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Mackowiak grounded out to second . Redman grounded out to first . Cota lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Sanders struck out looking . Grudzielanek flied out to center . Seabol grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Williams grounded out to second . Lawton walked . Lawton caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Wilson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Taguchi flied out to right . Molina safe at first on error by second baseman Castillo . Carpenter bunted into double play , pitcher to shortstop to second , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Bay flied out to left . Ward struck out swinging . Castillo lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Eckstein grounded out to second . Walker grounded out to first . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Mackowiak doubled to right . Redman reached on infield single to shortstop , Mackowiak to third . Cota struck out swinging . Williams hit sacrifice fly to center , Mackowiak scored . Lawton grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Sanders singled to left . Grudzielanek flied out to right . Seabol flied out to right . Taguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanders out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Wilson struck out swinging . Bay struck out swinging . Ward struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Molina singled to center . Carpenter sacrificed to first , Molina to second . Eckstein grounded out to second , Molina to third . Walker walked . Pujols doubled to left , Molina and Walker scored , Pujols to third advancing on throw . Sanders reached on infield single to shortstop , Pujols scored . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Castillo flied out to center . Mackowiak singled to right center . Redman doubled to center , Mackowiak to third . Hill hit for Williams . Cota popped out to shortstop . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Hill fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Seabol singled to left . Taguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Seabol out at second , Taguchi to second on throwing error by second baseman Castillo . Nunez hit for Carpenter . Molina grounded out to third . King pitching for Cardinals . Nunez at third base . Nunez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 8th . King pitching for Cardinals . Lawton grounded out to second . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Wilson flied out to center . Bay homered to right . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Ward struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Eckstein singled to right . Walker singled to right , Eckstein to third . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Eckstein out at home , Walker to third . Sanders safe at first on error by third baseman Mackowiak , Walker scored , Pujols to second . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Grudzielanek grounded into double play , third to second to first , Sanders out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Castillo grounded out to third . Mackowiak grounded out to second . Redman singled to right . Sanchez hit for Vogelsong . Cota singled to left , Redman to second . Sanchez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 2 - Cardinals 4 .	Cards get 10th straight win vs. Bucs