Pirates - Top 1st . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Lawton struck out looking . Wilson grounded out to second . Bay struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Redman pitching for Pirates . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Ward grounded out to shortstop . Castillo singled to right . Wigginton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Castillo out at second . Restovich grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wigginton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Redman pitching for Pirates . Sanders grounded out to pitcher . Edmonds grounded out to first . Seabol grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Ross singled to left . Redman bunted into double play , third to shortstop to second , Ross out at second . Lawton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Redman pitching for Pirates . Taguchi flied out to center . Molina doubled to deep center . Mulder grounded out to first , Molina to third . Eckstein homered to left , Molina scored . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Wilson grounded out to second . Bay flied out to right . Ward popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Redman pitching for Pirates . Pujols reached on infield single to shortstop . Sanders singled to center , Pujols to second . Edmonds hit ground rule double to left , Pujols scored , Sanders to third . Seabol grounded out to shortstop . Taguchi intentionally walked . Molina singled to center , Sanders and Edmonds scored , Taguchi to second . Mulder walked , Taguchi to third , Molina to second . Eckstein struck out looking . Grudzielanek reached on infield single to pitcher , Taguchi scored , Molina to third , Mulder to second . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grudzielanek out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Castillo flied out to center . Wigginton singled to center . Restovich struck out swinging . Sanchez hit for Redman . Ross hit by pitch , Wigginton to second . Sanchez doubled to deep right center , Wigginton and Ross scored . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Lawton grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Sanders flied out to right . Edmonds flied out to center . Seabol grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Wilson lined out to first . Bay struck out swinging . Ward walked . Castillo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Taguchi grounded out to shortstop . Molina doubled to right . Mulder singled to right , Molina to third . Eckstein hit sacrifice fly to right , Molina scored . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Wigginton homered to center . Restovich grounded out to shortstop . Hill hit for Meadows . Ross grounded out to pitcher . Hill singled to left . Torres pitching for Pirates . Lawton grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Pujols doubled to deep center . Sanders reached on infield single to shortstop . Nunez hit for Seabol . Edmonds flied out to left . Nunez safe at first on error by third baseman Wigginton , Pujols to third , Sanders to second . Pujols scored , Sanders to third , Nunez to second on wild pitch by Torres . Taguchi grounded out to third . Cedeno hit for Mulder . Molina singled to left , Sanders and Nunez scored . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Nunez at third base . Taguchi in center field . Cedeno in right field . Cedeno grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Molina out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 8th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Wilson popped out to third . Bay struck out swinging . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Ward struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Eckstein grounded out to second . Grudzielanek singled to left . Mabry hit for Pujols . Mabry doubled to deep right , Grudzielanek scored . Diaz hit for Edmonds . Reyes walked . Diaz struck out swinging . Mabry in left field . White pitching for Cardinals . Diaz at first base . Taguchi in center field . Nunez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . White pitching for Cardinals . Castillo singled to center . Wigginton homered to right , Castillo scored . Restovich grounded out to shortstop . Cota hit for Vogelsong . Ross reached on infield single to shortstop . Cota grounded out to shortstop , Ross to second . Lawton popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 5 - Cardinals 11 .	Pirates walk the plank against Mulder , Cardinals