Nationals - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Wilkerson doubled to deep left center . Carroll struck out swinging . Guillen grounded out to first , Wilkerson to third . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Eckstein tripled to deep right center . Nunez singled to left , Eckstein scored . Pujols struck out looking . Edmonds walked , Nunez to second . Mabry grounded out to first , Nunez to third , Edmonds to second . Grudzielanek lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Castilla grounded out to shortstop . Byrd struck out looking . Schneider grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Taguchi walked . Molina singled to right , Taguchi to second . Carpenter bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Taguchi out at third , Molina to second . Eckstein struck out swinging . Carpenter caught stealing second , catcher to second to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Guzman struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Wilkerson hit ground rule double to deep center . Carroll flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Nunez grounded out to second . Pujols popped out to third . Edmonds homered to right . Mabry struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Guillen struck out swinging . Johnson singled to center . Castilla flied out to center . Johnson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Byrd batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Grudzielanek lined out to third . Taguchi doubled to deep center . Molina flied out to left . Carpenter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Byrd singled to center . Schneider singled to left , Byrd to second . Guzman struck out swinging . Hernandez sacrificed to catcher , Byrd to third , Schneider to second . Wilkerson hit ground rule double to deep left , Byrd and Schneider scored . Carroll singled to left , Wilkerson scored . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Carroll out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Eckstein grounded out to first . Nunez grounded out to first . Pujols singled to left . Pujols stole second . Edmonds walked . Mabry reached on infield single to second , Pujols to third , Edmonds to second . Grudzielanek grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mabry out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Johnson struck out swinging . Castilla singled to right . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Castilla out at second . Byrd picked off first . Schneider batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Taguchi flied out to left . Molina flied out to left . Carpenter popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Schneider lined out to third . Guzman struck out swinging . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Eckstein flied out to center . Nunez flied out to right . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Wilkerson struck out looking . Carroll flied out to center . Nitkowski pitching for Nationals . Guillen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Sanders hit for Mabry . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Edmonds singled to left . Sanders fouled out to first . Sanders in left field . Taguchi in right field . Grudzielanek grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Edmonds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Johnson flied out to right . Castilla singled to left . King pitching for Cardinals . Byrd fouled out to first . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Walker hit for Taguchi . Schneider grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castilla out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Walker flied out to right . Cedeno hit for King . Molina grounded out to first . Cedeno fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Cardinals 2 .	Hernandez becomes NL 's second 8 - game winner