Cardinals - Top 1st . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Grudzielanek hit by pitch . Walker flied out to left . Grudzielanek stole second . Grudzielanek to third on passed ball by Greene . Pujols walked . Edmonds struck out swinging . Pujols to second on wild pitch by Chacon . Mabry intentionally walked . Seabol singled to left , Grudzielanek and Pujols scored , Mabry to second . Nunez flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Barmes flied out to center . Relaford grounded out to first . Helton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Diaz lined out to left . Suppan grounded out to second . Grudzielanek flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Holliday homered to left center . Hawpe grounded out to third . Greene grounded out to shortstop . Atkins grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Walker grounded out to first . Pujols grounded out to third . Edmonds reached on bunt single to catcher . Mabry lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Sullivan singled to center . Chacon reached on infield single to shortstop , Sullivan to second . Barmes sacrificed to pitcher , Sullivan to third , Chacon to second . Relaford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sullivan scored , Chacon out at third . Helton flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Seabol walked . Nunez doubled to left , Seabol to third . Diaz singled to right , Seabol and Nunez scored . Suppan grounded out to third , Diaz to second . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Diaz to third on wild pitch by Chacon . Walker reached on infield single to second , Diaz scored . Pujols singled to left , Walker to third . Edmonds flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Holliday homered to left . Hawpe struck out swinging . Greene lined out to right . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Mabry struck out swinging . Seabol flied out to center . Nunez reached on infield single to shortstop . Diaz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Garabito hit for Chacon . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Sullivan reached on bunt single to first . Garabito singled to left , Sullivan to second , Sullivan to third , Garabito to second on error by left fielder Mabry . Barmes grounded out to second , Sullivan scored , Garabito to third . Relaford singled to center , Garabito scored , Relaford to second advancing on throw . Helton grounded out to second , Relaford to third . Holliday walked . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Cedeno hit for Suppan . Hawpe popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 6th . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Cedeno singled to center . Cedeno to second on wild pitch by Cortes . Grudzielanek grounded out to second , Cedeno to third . Walker popped out to third . Pujols intentionally walked . Pujols to second on passed ball by Greene . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi in center field . Edmonds flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Greene struck out swinging . Atkins flied out to right . Mohr hit for Cortes . Sullivan singled to center . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Mohr grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sullivan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Mabry singled to right . Seabol walked , Mabry to second . Nunez walked , Mabry to third , Seabol to second . Diaz lined out to pitcher . Taguchi hit sacrifice fly to left , Mabry scored . Grudzielanek lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Barmes popped out to shortstop . King pitching for Cardinals . Relaford batting . Helton batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Witasick pitching for Rockies . Walker batting . Pujols batting . Sanders struck out looking . Pujols stole second . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Mabry lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Holliday doubled to deep left . Gonzalez hit for Greene . Hawpe walked . Gonzalez hit by pitch , Holliday to third , Hawpe to second . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Atkins struck out swinging . Gonzalez at third base . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Closser catching . Sullivan lined into double play , first to shortstop , Hawpe doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Seabol lined out to right . Nunez walked . Diaz singled to center , Nunez to second . Taguchi walked , Nunez to third , Diaz to second . Grudzielanek grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Nunez scored , Taguchi out at second , Diaz to third . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Wilson hit for Fuentes . Walker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Wilson singled to center . Barmes singled to center , Wilson to third . Relaford walked , Barmes to second . Helton singled to right , Wilson and Barmes scored , Relaford to third . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Holliday intentionally walked , Helton to second . Hawpe walked , Relaford scored , Helton to third , Holliday to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Rockies 8 .	Izzy blows first save as Rockies rally past Cards