Cardinals - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Eckstein grounded out to second . Edmonds grounded out to first . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Counsell grounded out to pitcher . Tracy struck out looking . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker doubled to deep center . Rolen grounded out to shortstop , Walker to third . Mabry singled to right , Walker scored . Grudzielanek singled to center , Mabry to second . Molina struck out swinging . Morris grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Green hit ground rule double to deep right . Glaus struck out swinging . Cruz lined out to first . Clayton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Eckstein grounded out to second . Edmonds walked . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Edmonds out at second . Pujols stole second . Walker walked . Rolen doubled to deep center , Pujols and Walker scored . Mabry singled to right , Rolen scored . Grudzielanek grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mabry out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Snyder grounded out to second . Webb struck out swinging . Counsell grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina struck out looking . Morris grounded out to third . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Tracy popped out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Green flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Edmonds struck out looking . Pujols grounded out to third . Walker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Glaus hit by pitch . Cruz singled to center , Glaus to second . Clayton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cruz out at second , Glaus to third . Snyder struck out swinging . Webb struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Rolen struck out looking . Mabry singled to center . Mabry to second on wild pitch by Webb . Grudzielanek flied out to center . Molina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Counsell flied out to center . Tracy doubled to deep right . Gonzalez popped out to third . Green reached on infield single to second , Tracy to third . Glaus singled to center , Tracy scored , Green to second . Cruz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Morris grounded out to third . Eckstein reached on bunt single to third , Eckstein to second on throwing error by third baseman Glaus . Edmonds struck out looking . Pujols singled to left , Eckstein scored . Walker lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Clayton grounded out to second . McCracken hit for Webb . Snyder struck out swinging . McCracken singled to right center . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Counsell grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Rolen walked . Mabry singled to left center , Rolen to second . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Nunez hit for Morris . Molina singled to left , Rolen to third , Mabry to second . Nunez doubled to center , Rolen and Mabry scored , Molina to third . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Taguchi hit for Edmonds . Eckstein walked . Taguchi doubled to deep left , Molina and Nunez scored , Eckstein to third . Luna hit for Walker . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols intentionally walked . Taguchi in center field . Luna in right field . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Luna grounded into double play , second to first , Pujols out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Tracy grounded out to third . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Green doubled to deep center . Glaus homered to left , Green scored . Cruz singled to right . Clayton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Rolen singled to center . Mabry walked , Rolen to second . Grudzielanek grounded out to second , Rolen to third , Mabry to second . Diaz hit for Thompson . Molina hit sacrifice fly to right , Rolen scored , Mabry to third . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Cintron hit for Snyder . Diaz popped out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Clark hit for Koplove . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Cintron grounded out to second . Clark struck out swinging . Counsell lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 10 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Morris moves to 10 - 1 as Cardinals rough up D - Backs