Cardinals - Top 1st . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Eckstein flied out to left . Nunez tripled to deep right . Pujols singled to left , Nunez scored . Edmonds lined out to center . Rodriguez doubled to deep center , Pujols to third . Grudzielanek safe at first on error by second baseman Kent , Pujols scored , Rodriguez to third . Taguchi grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Izturis grounded out to first . Robles singled to center . Bradley safe at second on error by first baseman Pujols , Robles to third . Kent singled to left , Robles scored , Bradley to third . Ledee homered to right , Bradley and Kent scored . Phillips grounded out to third . Edwards grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Mahoney safe at first on error by first baseman Phillips . Morris sacrificed to pitcher , Mahoney to second . Eckstein popped out to second . Nunez walked . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Nunez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Navarro reached on infield single to second . Penny sacrificed to catcher , Navarro to second . Izturis reached on infield single to first , Navarro to third . Robles grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Izturis out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Edmonds flied out to left . Rodriguez walked . Grudzielanek flied out to center . Taguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Bradley reached first base on catcher 's interference . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Bradley batting . Kent singled to left , Bradley to second . Ledee flied out to right , Bradley to third . Phillips singled to left center , Bradley scored , Kent to second . Edwards popped out to second . Navarro struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 4th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Mahoney singled to left . Morris walked , Mahoney to second . Eckstein grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Morris out at second , Mahoney to third . Nunez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Penny grounded out to pitcher . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . Robles grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Pujols homered to right . Edmonds singled to center . Rodriguez struck out looking . Edmonds to second on wild pitch by Penny . Grudzielanek singled to right center , Edmonds to third . Taguchi singled to right , Edmonds scored , Grudzielanek to second . Mahoney reached on infield single to shortstop , Grudzielanek to third , Taguchi to second . Grudzielanek caught stealing home , to catcher , Taguchi to third , Mahoney to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Morris struck out looking . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Bradley singled to left . Kent grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bradley out at second . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Ledee flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Eckstein singled to center . Nunez singled to center , Eckstein to second . Pujols struck out swinging . Eckstein to third , Nunez to second on wild pitch by Broxton . Edmonds intentionally walked . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to right , Eckstein scored , Nunez to third . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Phillips struck out swinging . Edwards grounded out to third . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Navarro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Taguchi grounded out to shortstop . Mahoney struck out looking . Choi hit for Sanchez . Morris struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Choi grounded out to second . Izturis walked . Robles singled to right , Izturis to third . Bradley grounded out to pitcher , Izturis scored , Robles to second . Kent doubled to deep center , Robles scored . Ledee in left field . Repko in right field . Schmoll pitching for Dodgers . Ledee struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Schmoll pitching for Dodgers . Eckstein grounded out to second . Nunez singled to right . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Nunez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Phillips flied out to left . Repko doubled to deep left . Saenz hit for Schmoll . Navarro walked . Saenz fouled out to first , Repko to third . Brazoban pitching for Dodgers . Izturis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Brazoban pitching for Dodgers . Edmonds grounded out to first . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Mabry hit for Taguchi . Grudzielanek doubled to center . Mabry flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Dodgers 7 .	Dodgers ' bats come alive in victory over Cardinals