Marlins - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Pierre grounded out to second . Castillo singled to center . Conine flied out to right . Cabrera popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Valdez pitching for Marlins . Eckstein flied out to right . Nunez struck out looking . Pujols homered to left . Edmonds flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion singled to left . Lowell homered to left center , Encarnacion scored . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Valdez singled to right . Pierre flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Valdez pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez singled to right . Grudzielanek fouled out to first . Taguchi flied out to right . Mahoney singled to right , Rodriguez to third . Marquis doubled to deep right , Rodriguez scored , Mahoney to third . Eckstein grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Castillo walked . Conine singled to left , Castillo to second , Castillo to third on error by left fielder Rodriguez . Cabrera struck out swinging . Lo Duca popped out to shortstop . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Conine out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Valdez pitching for Marlins . Nunez lined out to first . Pujols walked . Edmonds hit ground rule double to deep right , Pujols to third . Rodriguez doubled to deep right , Pujols and Edmonds scored . Grudzielanek popped into double play , first to shortstop , Rodriguez doubled off second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Lowell grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Valdez lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Valdez pitching for Marlins . Taguchi singled to left . Mahoney sacrificed to third , Taguchi to second . Marquis grounded out to first , Taguchi to third . Eckstein grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Castillo flied out to left . Conine grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Valdez pitching for Marlins . Nunez popped out to shortstop . Pujols grounded out to third . Edmonds doubled to deep left . Rodriguez intentionally walked . Grudzielanek flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop . Lo Duca singled to left , Cabrera to second . Encarnacion singled to center , Cabrera to third , Lo Duca to second . Lowell hit sacrifice fly to center , Cabrera scored , Lo Duca to third , Encarnacion to second . Harris hit for Valdez . Gonzalez hit by pitch . Harris doubled to deep right , Lo Duca , Encarnacion and Gonzalez scored . Pierre walked . Castillo grounded out to first , Harris to third , Pierre to second . Mecir pitching for Marlins . Conine grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Mecir pitching for Marlins . Taguchi hit ground rule double to deep left . Mahoney grounded out to third . Marquis grounded out to first , Taguchi to third . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Eckstein grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera singled to left . Lo Duca singled to left , Cabrera to second . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Lowell walked , Cabrera to third , Lo Duca to second . Easley hit for Mecir . Gonzalez lined out to third . Villone pitching for Marlins . Easley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lo Duca out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Villone pitching for Marlins . Nunez grounded out to second . Pujols popped out to second . Edmonds grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Pierre grounded out to second . Castillo singled to left . Conine lined out to right . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Alfonseca pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Grudzielanek singled to left . Mabry hit for Mahoney . Taguchi singled to right center , Grudzielanek to third . Diaz catching . Mabry hit sacrifice fly to left , Grudzielanek scored , Taguchi out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Encarnacion reached on infield single to third . Jones pitching for Marlins . Aguila in left field . Seabol hit for Tavarez . Lowell grounded into double play , third to first to third , Encarnacion out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Jones pitching for Marlins . Seabol grounded out to third . Eckstein grounded out to second . Nunez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 6 - Cardinals 5 .	Pinch - hitter Harris delivers as Fish clip Cards