Marlins - Top 1st . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Pierre singled to left . Castillo doubled to deep right , Pierre to third . Conine grounded out to first , Pierre scored , Castillo to third . Cabrera singled to shallow center , Castillo scored . Lo Duca singled to right , Cabrera to second . Encarnacion flied out to left . Lowell flied out to left . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Eckstein lined out to left . Rodriguez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Easley . Pujols lined into double play , second to first , Rodriguez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Easley homered to left . Beckett grounded out to third . Pierre flied out to right . Castillo grounded out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Edmonds doubled to center . Gall struck out swinging . Grudzielanek singled to right , Edmonds scored . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grudzielanek out at second . Mahoney grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Nunez out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Conine singled to left . Cabrera lined into double play , second to first , Conine doubled off first . Lo Duca walked . Encarnacion singled to center , Lo Duca to second . Lowell popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Morris struck out swinging . Eckstein homered to left . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Pujols fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Easley flied out to right . Beckett struck out swinging . Pierre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Edmonds struck out looking . Gall fouled out to first . Grudzielanek struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Castillo walked . Conine grounded out to third , Castillo to second . Cabrera grounded out to third . Lo Duca singled to left , Castillo scored . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Nunez fouled out to left . Mahoney bunt grounded out to pitcher . Morris grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . Easley grounded out to shortstop . Beckett grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez struck out looking . Pujols walked . Edmonds popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Pierre grounded out to first . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Conine doubled to deep center . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Gall grounded out to shortstop . Grudzielanek singled to left . Mabry hit for Mahoney . Villone pitching for Marlins . Taguchi hit for Mabry . Nunez walked , Grudzielanek to second . Diaz hit for Morris . Taguchi homered to left , Grudzielanek and Nunez scored . Diaz grounded out to second . Eckstein singled to center . Alfonseca pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez singled to center , Eckstein to third . Pujols walked , Rodriguez to second , Eckstein scored , Rodriguez to third , Pujols to second on throwing error by catcher Lo Duca . Edmonds intentionally walked . Rodriguez in left field . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi in right field . Diaz catching . Gall grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Edmonds out at second . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Lo Duca fouled out to first . Encarnacion flied out to right . Mota pitching for Marlins . Harris at third base . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Mota pitching for Marlins . Grudzielanek doubled to left . Nunez singled to center , Grudzielanek scored . Taguchi grounded out to second , Nunez to second . Diaz doubled to deep left , Nunez scored . Eckstein doubled to right , Diaz scored . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Eckstein to third on wild pitch by Mota . Pujols flied out to left . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . King pitching for Cardinals . Aguila hit for Harris . Easley struck out looking . Aguila flied out to center . Pierre safe at first on error by third baseman Nunez . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Castillo homered to left , Pierre scored . Conine grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 6 - Cardinals 9 .	Pitching showdown fizzles , Cards beat up Marlins late