Giants - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Winn struck out swinging . Vizquel struck out swinging . Snow grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Eckstein flied out to center . Nunez flied out to center . Pujols flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Alou struck out swinging . Durham grounded out to second . Feliz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Edmonds hit ground rule double to deep right center . Grudzielanek singled to center , Edmonds to third . Mabry struck out swinging . Taguchi grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Grudzielanek out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Linden grounded out to second . Matheny grounded out to third . Hennessey singled to left . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hennessey out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Molina singled to center . Carpenter bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Molina out at second . Eckstein grounded out to first , Carpenter to second . Nunez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Vizquel reached on bunt single to third . Snow popped out to third . Alou grounded into double play , third to second to first , Vizquel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Pujols struck out looking . Edmonds popped out to shortstop . Grudzielanek hit ground rule double to deep right . Mabry grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Durham fouled out to shortstop . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . Linden singled to center . Matheny struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Taguchi walked . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Taguchi safe at second on error by shortstop Vizquel . Carpenter bunted into double play , third to shortstop to second , Molina out at second , Taguchi to third . Eckstein lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Hennessey grounded out to second . Winn flied out to center . Vizquel homered to right . Snow flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Nunez grounded out to first . Pujols walked . Edmonds grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pujols out at second . Grudzielanek flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Alou grounded out to second . Durham homered to right . Feliz grounded out to third . Linden grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Mabry lined out to second . Taguchi grounded out to pitcher . Molina singled to center . Carpenter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Matheny popped out to first . Hennessey singled to left . Winn flied out to center . Vizquel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Eckstein grounded out to third . Nunez walked . Hawkins pitching for Giants . Eyre pitching for Giants . Pujols singled to left , Nunez to second . Walker pitching for Giants . Edmonds flied out to left . Grudzielanek grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Snow singled to right . Alou singled to left , Snow to second . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Tucker ran for Alou . Durham singled to center , Snow scored , Alou to second . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Durham out at second , Tucker to third , Tucker scored , Feliz to second on throwing error by second baseman Grudzielanek . Linden struck out looking . Matheny intentionally walked . Feliz to third , Matheny to second on passed ball by Molina . Tucker in right field . Linden in left field . Walker grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Walker pitching for Giants . Mabry doubled to deep center . Taguchi singled to center , Mabry to third . Rodriguez hit for Tavarez . Molina homered to left , Mabry and Taguchi scored . Rodriguez singled to center . Accardo pitching for Giants . Luna ran for Rodriguez . Eckstein sacrificed to first , Luna to second . Nunez singled to left , Luna to third . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Pujols popped out to second . Edmonds doubled to deep right , Luna and Nunez scored . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 4 - Cardinals 5 .	Comeback win in the Cards with five - run ninth vs. Giants