Cardinals - Top 1st . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Eckstein walked . Taguchi flied out to left . Pujols struck out swinging . Sanders grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Eckstein out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Clark grounded out to third . Hardy doubled to deep right center . Overbay grounded out to shortstop , Hardy to third . Lee walked . Jenkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Luna grounded out to shortstop . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Hall singled to deep left center . Weeks struck out swinging . Hall caught stealing second , catcher to second . Miller flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Nunez singled to center . Carpenter sacrificed to catcher , Nunez to second . Eckstein singled to center , Nunez to third . Taguchi hit sacrifice fly to right , Nunez scored , Eckstein to second . Pujols intentionally walked . Sanders walked , Eckstein to third , Pujols to second . Grudzielanek walked , Eckstein scored , Pujols to third , Sanders to second . Luna struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Capuano doubled to deep left . Clark sacrificed to catcher , Capuano to third . Hardy struck out looking . Overbay popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Nunez popped out to third . Carpenter flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Lee grounded out to third . Jenkins grounded out to pitcher . Hall singled to right . Weeks reached on infield single to shortstop , Hall to second . Miller walked , Hall to third , Weeks to second . Capuano singled to center , Hall and Weeks scored , Miller to second . Clark popped out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Eckstein singled to left . Taguchi flied out to right . Pujols singled to shallow center , Eckstein to second . Sanders walked , Eckstein to third , Pujols to second . Grudzielanek singled to left center , Eckstein and Pujols scored , Sanders to second . Luna doubled to deep center , Sanders and Grudzielanek scored . Molina flied out to center . Nunez intentionally walked . Carpenter flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Hardy singled to center . Overbay doubled to deep right , Hardy to third . Lee hit sacrifice fly to right , Hardy scored , Overbay to third . Jenkins doubled to deep center , Overbay scored . Hall tripled to deep center , Jenkins scored . Weeks grounded out to shortstop , Hall scored . Miller struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Eckstein walked . Taguchi flied out to center . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Eckstein out at second , Pujols to second on throwing error by second baseman Weeks . Sanders walked . Cirillo hit for Capuano . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Cirillo grounded out to second . Clark singled to right . Hardy walked , Clark to second . Overbay doubled to left , Clark and Hardy scored . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Rodriguez in left field . Lee lined out to first . Jenkins intentionally walked . Hall singled to center , Overbay scored , Jenkins to second . Hall at second base . Wise pitching for Brewers . Moeller catching . Cirillo at third base . Weeks struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Wise pitching for Brewers . Luna grounded out to third . Molina flied out to right . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Nunez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Moeller flied out to center . Cirillo popped out to shortstop . Clark flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Wise pitching for Brewers . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Eckstein grounded out to third . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Schumaker in center field . Seabol at third base . Nunez at shortstop . Taguchi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Hardy struck out swinging . Overbay singled to center . Lee flied out to center . Turnbow pitching for Brewers . Cruz in left field . Jenkins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Turnbow pitching for Brewers . Pujols flied out to right . Schumaker lined out to second . Grudzielanek grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Brewers 9 .	Cards blow lead as Brewers send Carpenter to loss