Astros - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Biggio singled to left . Taveras grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Biggio out at second . Ensberg singled to center , Taveras to second . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ensberg out at second , Taveras to third . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Backe pitching for Astros . Eckstein walked . Edmonds flied out to center . Pujols walked , Eckstein to second . Walker grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Lane flied out to left . Everett struck out swinging . Ausmus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Backe pitching for Astros . Sanders struck out swinging . Grudzielanek doubled to right center . Molina grounded out to shortstop , Grudzielanek to third . Nunez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Backe flied out to right . Biggio struck out swinging . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Backe pitching for Astros . Carpenter doubled to left . Eckstein sacrificed to third , Carpenter to third , Eckstein safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Ensberg . Carpenter to third on throwing error by third baseman Ensberg . Edmonds hit sacrifice fly to left , Carpenter scored . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eckstein out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Ensberg reached on infield single to shortstop . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ensberg safe at second on error by first baseman Pujols . Lamb struck out looking . Lane reached on infield single to shortstop , Ensberg scored , Berkman to second . Everett struck out swinging . Ausmus walked , Berkman to third , Lane to second . Backe struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Backe pitching for Astros . Walker grounded out to third . Sanders homered to right . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . Molina reached on infield single to pitcher . Nunez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Biggio grounded out to shortstop . Taveras grounded out to second . Ensberg singled to left . Berkman homered to right , Ensberg scored . Lamb homered to right . Lane grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Backe pitching for Astros . Carpenter hit ground rule double to deep right . Eckstein reached on bunt single to third , Carpenter to third . Edmonds singled to right , Carpenter scored , Eckstein to second . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Edmonds out at second , Eckstein to third . Gallo pitching for Astros . Strickland pitching for Astros . Walker hit sacrifice fly to center , Eckstein scored . Sanders homered to left , Pujols scored . Grudzielanek flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Everett flied out to right . Scott hit for Strickland . Ausmus struck out swinging , Ausmus safe at first on wild pitch by Carpenter . Scott doubled to right , Ausmus to third . Biggio hit sacrifice fly to center , Ausmus scored . Taveras singled to center , Scott scored . Springer pitching for Astros . Ensberg grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Springer pitching for Astros . Molina flied out to right . Gall hit for Carpenter . Nunez grounded out to pitcher . Gall singled to center . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Eckstein struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Berkman struck out looking . Lamb struck out swinging . Lane singled to right center . Everett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Springer pitching for Astros . Edmonds struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Walker singled to right . Schumaker ran for Walker . Schumaker in left field . Mabry in right field . Sanders fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Ausmus popped out to shortstop . Bagwell hit for Springer . Bagwell struck out looking . Qualls pitching for Astros . Biggio grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Nunez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Taveras reached on infield single to third . Ensberg doubled to deep left , Taveras scored . Berkman flied out to left . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . Lane walked . Berkman at first base . Lidge pitching for Astros . Gipson in left field . Taguchi hit for Isringhausen . Everett flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Lidge pitching for Astros . Taguchi flied out to center . Eckstein struck out swinging . Edmonds grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 7 - Cardinals 6 .	Houston sweeps Cardinals , maintains wild - card lead