Reds - Top 1st . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Freel struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Dunn walked . Aurilia singled to center , Dunn to second . LaRue struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Keisler pitching for Reds . Eckstein singled to center . Edmonds walked , Eckstein to second . Pujols popped out to third . Sanders fouled out to first . Walker popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Kearns grounded out to third . Encarnacion walked . Denorfia walked , Encarnacion to second . Keisler struck out swinging . Freel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Keisler pitching for Reds . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Nunez singled to right . Mulder flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Lopez walked . Dunn struck out looking . Lopez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Aurilia grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Keisler pitching for Reds . Eckstein singled to center . Eckstein stole second , Eckstein safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Keisler . Edmonds singled to right , Eckstein scored . Pujols grounded out to third , Edmonds to second . Sanders struck out swinging . Walker walked . Edmonds stole third . Grudzielanek reached on infield single to third , Edmonds scored , Walker to second . Molina lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 4th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . LaRue walked . LaRue to second on wild pitch by Mulder . Kearns walked . Encarnacion walked , LaRue to third , Kearns to second . Denorfia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LaRue out at home , Kearns to third , Encarnacion to second . Keisler grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kearns out at home , Encarnacion to third , Denorfia to second . Freel safe at first on error by pitcher Mulder , Encarnacion scored , Denorfia to third , Keisler to second . Lopez singled to right , Denorfia and Keisler scored , Freel to third , Lopez to second advancing on throw . Dunn flied out to right . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Seabol hit for Mulder . Keisler pitching for Reds . Nunez reached on infield single to third . Seabol singled to center , Nunez to second . Taguchi hit for Edmonds . Eckstein singled to center , Nunez scored , Seabol to third . Taguchi struck out looking . Hudson pitching for Reds . Pujols singled to right , Seabol scored , Eckstein to second . Taguchi in center field . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Sanders grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pujols out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Aurilia struck out swinging . LaRue grounded out to shortstop . Kearns singled to left . Encarnacion walked , Kearns to second . Denorfia grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Reds . Walker struck out looking . Grudzielanek singled to center . Molina popped out to second . Nunez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Hudson hit ground rule double to left . Freel walked . King pitching for Cardinals . Lopez singled to right , Hudson to third , Freel to second . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Schumaker in right field . St Louis 's King ejected by Reininger in the 6th . Aurilia struck out swinging . LaRue struck out swinging . Kearns struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Reds . Schumaker grounded out to second . Eckstein lined out to third . Taguchi safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Aurilia . Pujols walked , Taguchi to second . Rodriguez hit for Reyes . Shackelford pitching for Reds . Luna hit for Rodriguez . Sanders doubled to right , Taguchi and Pujols scored . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Luna in right field . Schumaker in left field . Luna singled to left , Sanders thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 7th . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Encarnacion singled to center . Olmedo hit for Shackelford . Denorfia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Encarnacion out at second . Belisle pitching for Reds . Olmedo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Belisle pitching for Reds . Grudzielanek lined out to right . Molina safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Belisle . Nunez struck out swinging . Schumaker singled to center , Molina to second . Molina to third on passed ball by LaRue . Eckstein singled to center , Molina scored , Schumaker to second . Taguchi reached on infield single to pitcher , Schumaker to third , Eckstein to second . Duncan hit for Eldred . Pujols homered to left center , Schumaker , Eckstein and Taguchi scored . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Duncan lined out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 8th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Freel grounded out to third . Lopez struck out looking . Valentine pitching for Reds . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Valentine pitching for Reds . Luna safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lopez , Luna to second on throwing error by shortstop Lopez . Mabry hit for Molina . Grudzielanek singled to center , Luna to third . Mabry hit sacrifice fly to left , Luna scored . Nunez grounded out to first , Grudzielanek to second . Gall in left field . Diaz catching . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Luna at shortstop . Mabry at first base . Schumaker in right field . Schumaker grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Aurilia reached on infield single to shortstop . LaRue flied out to center . Kearns doubled to right , Aurilia to third . Encarnacion singled to center , Aurilia scored , Kearns to third . Kearns scored , Encarnacion to second on passed ball by Diaz . Cruz hit for Valentine . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . Cruz grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 6 - Cardinals 12 .	Puljols hits 200th HR as Cardinals beat Reds