Padres - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Roberts lined out to right . Klesko walked . Loretta flied out to center . Giles struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Peavy pitching for Padres . Eckstein flied out to left . Edmonds homered to left . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Walker struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Sweeney reached on infield single to first . Hernandez safe at first on error by shortstop Eckstein , Sweeney to second . Greene flied out to center . Randa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hernandez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Peavy pitching for Padres . Sanders struck out swinging . Grudzielanek lined out to center . Nunez singled to left . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Peavy struck out swinging . Roberts singled to right . Klesko singled to right , Roberts to second . Loretta grounded into double play , third to first , Roberts out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Peavy pitching for Padres . Carpenter grounded out to pitcher . Eckstein singled to center . Edmonds doubled to left , Eckstein to third . Pujols intentionally walked . Eckstein scored , Edmonds to third , Pujols to second on wild pitch by Peavy . Walker intentionally walked . Sanders singled to right , Edmonds and Pujols scored , Walker to third . Grudzielanek grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sanders out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Giles grounded out to shortstop . Sweeney walked . Hernandez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Sweeney out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Nunez grounded out to pitcher . Molina struck out swinging . Carpenter grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Greene flied out to center . Randa walked . Peavy struck out bunting foul . Roberts flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Eckstein grounded out to third . Edmonds reached on infield single to pitcher . Pujols singled to left , Edmonds to second . Walker walked , Edmonds to third , Pujols to second . Hensley pitching for Padres . Sanders homered to left , Edmonds , Pujols and Walker scored . Grudzielanek flied out to center . Nunez walked . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Klesko flied out to center . Loretta grounded out to shortstop . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Giles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Carpenter struck out looking . Eckstein flied out to center . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Edmonds grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Sweeney doubled to deep right . Hernandez singled to left , Sweeney to third . Greene hit sacrifice fly to center , Sweeney scored . Burroughs hit for Lawrence . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Randa flied out to center . Otsuka pitching for Padres . Nady struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Otsuka pitching for Padres . Pujols safe at first on error by shortstop Greene . Walker lined into double play , shortstop to first , Pujols doubled off first . Taguchi in left field . Young hit for Roberts . Sanders flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 8th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Young homered to left . Klesko struck out looking . Loretta flied out to right . Giles singled to center . Johnson hit for Sweeney . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Mabry in left field . Fick hit for Johnson . Giles stole second . Fick walked . Young in center field . Fick at first base . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Grudzielanek lined out to first . Nunez struck out swinging . Molina singled to left . Mabry singled to center , Molina to second . Eckstein flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Greene doubled to left . Jackson hit for Linebrink . Randa flied out to right . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Jackson singled to left , Greene to third . Jackson stole second . Young grounded out to third , Greene scored . Klesko singled to right , Jackson to third . Loretta singled to center , Jackson scored , Klesko to second . Giles singled to center , Klesko scored , Loretta to second . Fick singled to right , Loretta to third , Giles to second . Hernandez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 5 - Cardinals 8 .	Sanders ' six RBI lift Cards past Padres