Mariners - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Indians. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Lopez struck out swinging. Ibanez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Sizemore singled to right. Michaels singled to right, Sizemore to second. Peralta singled to right, Sizemore scored, Peralta to second, Michaels thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Peralta to third on passed ball by Johjima. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Indians. Sexson struck out swinging. Beltre grounded out to third. Everett grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Broussard homered to right. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Boone lined out to third. Blake walked. Sizemore singled to right, Blake to second. Michaels grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Indians. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. Reed singled to center. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reed out at second. Betancourt stole second. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Peralta grounded out to pitcher. Hafner grounded out to second. Martinez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Indians. Lopez singled to left. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lopez out at second. Ibanez to second on wild pitch by Johnson. Sexson struck out swinging. Beltre grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Broussard singled to center. Belliard homered to left center, Broussard scored. Boone grounded out to second. Blake walked. Sizemore struck out swinging. Michaels grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Johnson pitching for Indians. Everett doubled to deep right. Johjima grounded out to shortstop, Everett to third. Reed hit sacrifice fly to right, Everett scored. Betancourt doubled to deep left. Suzuki homered to right center, Betancourt scored. Lopez flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Peralta struck out swinging. Hafner walked. Martinez flied out to center. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Broussard walked, Hafner to second. Belliard singled to center, Hafner scored, Broussard to second. Boone popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Johnson pitching for Indians. Ibanez grounded out to first. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. Beltre walked. Beltre stole second. Everett walked. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Johjima walked, Beltre to third, Everett to second. Reed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Blake doubled to deep left center. Sizemore grounded out to first, Blake to third. Michaels lined into double play, to third, Blake doubled off third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Betancourt walked. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop, Betancourt to second. Sauerbeck pitching for Indians. Lopez homered to left, Betancourt scored. Mota pitching for Indians. Ibanez singled to right. Sexson doubled to left, Ibanez to third. Beltre intentionally walked. Everett walked, Ibanez scored, Sexson to third, Beltre to second. Johjima grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sexson scored on throwing error by third baseman Boone, Beltre to third, Everett to second. Reed popped out to shortstop. Betancourt grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 7th. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Peralta popped out to first. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez doubled to deep center. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Broussard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Suzuki walked. Suzuki stole second. Suzuki caught stealing third, pitcher to shortstop. Lopez struck out swinging. Putz pitching for Mariners. Ibanez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Belliard singled to right. Boone grounded into fielder's choice to third, Belliard out at second. Blake struck out swinging. Sizemore singled to left center, Boone to second. Michaels struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Sexson walked. Beltre struck out swinging. Borchard ran for Everett. Everett walked, Sexson to second. Johjima doubled to left, Sexson and Borchard scored. Graves pitching for Indians. Reed grounded out to pitcher, Johjima to third. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Peralta struck out swinging. Hafner grounded out to second. Martinez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 9 - Indians 5.	Mariners rally, beat Indians; Hernandez roughed up