Rangers - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Indians. Matthews Jr walked. Young grounded out to second, Matthews Jr to second. Teixeira singled to left, Matthews Jr to third. Teixeira to second on wild pitch by Johnson. Nevin popped out to second. Texas's Coach Smith ejected by Onora in the 1st. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Koronka pitching for Rangers. Sizemore flied out to left. Michaels doubled to left. Peralta singled to center, Michaels scored. Hafner singled to left, Peralta to third, Hafner out stretching at second. Martinez walked. Perez doubled to left, Peralta scored, Martinez to third. Belliard popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Indians. Mench grounded out to catcher. Wilkerson doubled to deep center. Barajas grounded out to first, Wilkerson to third. Jimenez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Koronka pitching for Rangers. Boone grounded out to third. Blake grounded out to second. Sizemore grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Indians. Matthews Jr reached on infield single to second. Young grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Matthews Jr out at second. Teixeira singled to center. Nevin singled to right, Teixeira to second. Blalock grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Koronka pitching for Rangers. Michaels lined out to second. Peralta grounded out to pitcher. Hafner flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Indians. Mench grounded out to shortstop. Wilkerson grounded out to shortstop. Barajas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Koronka pitching for Rangers. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Perez grounded out to first. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Johnson pitching for Indians. Jimenez popped out to shortstop. Matthews Jr doubled to left. Young grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira walked. Nevin reached on infield single to third, Matthews Jr scored, Teixeira to second, Teixeira to third on error by catcher Martinez. Blalock singled to left, Teixeira scored, Nevin to second. Mench flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 5th. Koronka pitching for Rangers. Boone struck out swinging. Blake walked. Sizemore flied out to center. Michaels doubled to deep right center, Blake scored. Peralta struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Johnson pitching for Indians. Wilkerson singled to right. Barajas singled to left, Wilkerson to second. Jimenez singled to left, Wilkerson to third, Barajas to second. Matthews Jr hit sacrifice fly to center, Wilkerson scored. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jimenez out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Koronka pitching for Rangers. Hafner walked. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hafner out at second. Perez walked, Martinez to second. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Perez out at second, Martinez to third. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Boone singled to center, Martinez scored, Belliard to third. Davis pitching for Indians. Blake grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Davis pitching for Indians. Teixeira struck out swinging. Nevin flied out to right. Blalock grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Sizemore walked. Michaels safe at first on error by shortstop Young, Sizemore to second. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Peralta flied out to right, Sizemore to third. Hafner walked, Michaels to second. Martinez walked, Sizemore scored, Michaels to third, Hafner to second. Broussard ran for Perez. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Michaels scored, Martinez out at second, Hafner to third. Broussard at first base. Mota pitching for Indians. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to second, Broussard out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 8th. Mota pitching for Indians. Mench homered to left center. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Barajas popped out to second. Jimenez walked. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Matthews Jr flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Boone struck out swinging. Blake struck out looking. Sizemore doubled to deep center. Michaels singled to center, Sizemore scored. Wickman pitching for Indians. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Michaels out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Wickman pitching for Indians. Young doubled to right. Teixeira doubled to deep center, Young scored. Nevin grounded out to shortstop, Teixeira to third. Blalock flied out to right. Mench popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 6 - Indians 7.	Mench homer not enough as Indians top Rangers