White Sox - Top 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. Podsednik singled to center. Iguchi singled to center, Podsednik to second. Thome struck out swinging. Podsednik stole third, Iguchi stole second. Konerko homered to center, Podsednik and Iguchi scored. Pierzynski popped out to shortstop. Crede singled to center. Mackowiak singled to left, Crede to second. Uribe flied out to left. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Sizemore struck out swinging. Blake singled to right. Peralta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Blake out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Anderson struck out looking. Podsednik singled to center. Podsednik caught stealing third, Podsednik safe at third on error by Broussard. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop. Thome flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Hafner flied out to right. Martinez popped out to second. Broussard singled to deep right, Broussard out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Konerko flied out to left. Pierzynski hit by pitch. Crede struck out swinging. Mackowiak singled to center, Pierzynski to second. Uribe reached on infield single to shortstop, Pierzynski to third, Mackowiak to second. Anderson safe at first on error by third baseman Boone, Pierzynski and Mackowiak scored, Uribe to third. Anderson to second on passed ball by Martinez. Podsednik struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Belliard walked. Hollandsworth struck out swinging. Boone singled to center, Belliard to second. Sizemore struck out swinging. Blake walked, Belliard to third, Boone to second. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Iguchi flied out to right. Thome fouled out to third. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Hafner grounded out to first. Martinez walked. Broussard grounded into fielder's choice to first, Martinez out at second. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Lee pitching for Indians. Pierzynski flied out to center. Crede popped out to first. Mackowiak singled to center. Uribe singled to right center, Mackowiak to third. Anderson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Hollandsworth flied out to center. Boone struck out looking. Slocum pitching for Indians. Sizemore flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Slocum pitching for Indians. Podsednik singled to left center. Iguchi fouled out to catcher. Podsednik stole second. Thome walked. Konerko struck out swinging. Pierzynski singled to left center, Thome scored. Guthrie pitching for Indians. Crede walked, Pierzynski to second. Mackowiak walked, Pierzynski to third, Crede to second. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mackowiak out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Blake flied out to left. Peralta singled to left. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez safe at first on error by left fielder Podsednik, Peralta to third. Broussard safe at first on error by second baseman Iguchi, Peralta scored, Martinez to second. Belliard singled to right, Martinez to third, Broussard to second. Hollandsworth struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Guthrie pitching for Indians. Anderson struck out swinging. Podsednik walked. Iguchi flied out to right. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Thome struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Boone grounded out to first. Sizemore singled to center. Blake singled to right, Sizemore to second. Peralta walked, Sizemore to third, Blake to second. Logan pitching for White Sox. Hafner homered to right, Sizemore, Blake and Peralta scored. Martinez flied out to center. Broussard grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Guthrie pitching for Indians. Konerko walked. Pierzynski doubled to deep right, Konerko to third. Crede fouled out to right. Mackowiak intentionally walked. Politte pitching for White Sox. Uribe grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Konerko out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Politte pitching for White Sox. Belliard doubled to deep right center. Hollandsworth grounded out to shortstop. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Boone flied out to right, Belliard to third. Sizemore hit by pitch. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Blake grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Anderson struck out swinging. Podsednik singled to left. Podsednik stole second. Podsednik stole third. Sauerbeck pitching for Indians. Iguchi struck out swinging. Mota pitching for Indians. Ozuna ran for Thome. Thome singled to right, Podsednik scored. Ozuna stole second. Konerko struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Peralta walked. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Hafner singled to left, Peralta to second. Martinez struck out looking. Broussard singled to right, Peralta scored, Hafner to second. Belliard struck out swinging. Hollandsworth struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 8 - Indians 6.	Konerko powers ChiSox in Thome's return to Cleveland