Indians - Top 1st. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Sizemore hit by pitch. Michaels grounded out to third. Peralta walked. Hafner grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Indians. Ellis singled to left. Swisher walked, Ellis to second. Kotsay singled to shallow center, Ellis scored, Swisher to third. Chavez singled to right, Swisher scored, Kotsay to third. Crosby grounded out to third, Chavez to second. Johnson grounded out to second, Kotsay scored, Chavez to third. Payton walked. Melhuse doubled to deep right, Chavez and Payton scored. Kielty grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Martinez singled to left. Broussard grounded into fielder's choice to first, Martinez out at second. Belliard singled to left, Broussard to second. Boone flied out to right, Broussard to third. Blake struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Indians. Ellis walked. Swisher doubled to right, Ellis scored. Kotsay grounded out to second, Swisher to third. Chavez doubled to deep right, Swisher scored. Crosby grounded out to second, Chavez to third. Johnson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Sizemore grounded out to first. Michaels walked. Peralta struck out swinging. Guthrie pitching for Indians. Hafner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Indians. Payton doubled to deep center. Melhuse walked. Kielty grounded out to pitcher, Payton to third, Melhuse to second. Ellis fouled out to third. Swisher doubled to right, Payton and Melhuse scored. Kotsay grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Martinez grounded out to second. Broussard singled to right. Belliard singled to center, Broussard to second. Boone flied out to right. Blake singled to center, Broussard scored, Belliard to third. Sizemore grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Guthrie pitching for Indians. Chavez struck out swinging. Crosby struck out swinging. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Michaels singled to center. Peralta singled to left, Michaels to second. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez singled to left center, Michaels to third, Peralta to second. Broussard struck out swinging. Belliard lined out to right. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Guthrie pitching for Indians. Payton grounded out to shortstop. Melhuse singled to right center. Kielty grounded out to pitcher, Melhuse to second. Ellis walked. Melhuse to third on wild pitch by Guthrie. Swisher walked, Ellis to second. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Kotsay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Boone singled to right. Blake struck out swinging. Sizemore grounded into fielder's choice to first, Boone out at second. Sauerbeck pitching for Indians. Michaels lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Sauerbeck pitching for Indians. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. Crosby flied out to center. Johnson singled to right. Payton walked, Johnson to second. Melhuse struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Peralta singled to right center. Hafner walked, Peralta to second. Martinez lined into double play, to first, Hafner doubled off first. Broussard reached on infield single to shortstop, Peralta to third. Belliard singled to center, Peralta scored, Broussard to second. Mota pitching for Indians. Boone struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Mota pitching for Indians. Kielty walked. Ellis walked, Kielty to second. Swisher walked, Kielty to third, Ellis to second. Kotsay walked, Kielty scored, Ellis to third, Swisher to second. Chavez hit sacrifice fly to center, Ellis scored, Swisher to third. Crosby doubled to deep center, Swisher scored, Kotsay to third. Johnson flied out to center. Hollandsworth hit for Blake. Payton grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Hollandsworth grounded out to first. Sizemore homered to right. Vazquez hit for Peralta. Michaels struck out looking. Vazquez at shortstop. Hollandsworth in right field. Wickman pitching for Indians. Vazquez lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Wickman pitching for Indians. Melhuse grounded out to second. Scutaro hit for Ellis. Kielty grounded out to first. Scutaro at second base. Scutaro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Hafner homered to center. Martinez flied out to left. Broussard grounded out to pitcher. Belliard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 4 - Athletics 12.	A's hit early, cruise past Indians for series split