Tigers - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Indians. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco singled to right. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Polanco out at second. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Sizemore flied out to center. Michaels grounded out to shortstop. Peralta doubled to deep left. Hafner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Indians. Guillen singled to center. Shelton grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Guillen out at second. Monroe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Martinez lined out to first. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Blake walked. Belliard flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Indians. Wilson struck out looking. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Granderson lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Boone lined out to second. Sizemore flied out to left. Michaels struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Indians. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Ordonez doubled to deep right. Guillen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Peralta singled to left. Hafner singled to center, Peralta to second. Martinez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hafner out at second, Peralta to third. Perez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Johnson pitching for Indians. Shelton flied out to left. Monroe grounded out to third. Wilson doubled to deep left. Inge grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Blake singled to center. Belliard flied out to left. Boone singled to left, Blake to second. Sizemore singled to right, Blake to third, Boone to second, Blake scored on error by right fielder Ordonez. Michaels struck out swinging. Peralta flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 6th. Johnson pitching for Indians. Granderson walked. Polanco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Granderson out at second. Rodriguez singled to right. Rodriguez stole second. Ordonez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Hafner popped out to third. Martinez grounded out to third. Perez singled to center. Blake flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Johnson pitching for Indians. Guillen singled to right. Shelton singled to right, Guillen to third. Monroe doubled to deep right center, Guillen scored, Shelton to third. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Wilson safe at second on error by first baseman Perez, Shelton and Monroe scored, Wilson advanced to first on play, Wilson tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. Inge struck out swinging. Granderson walked. Granderson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Polanco batting. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 7th. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Belliard grounded out to third. Boone lined out to center. Sizemore doubled to right. Davis pitching for Indians. Michaels popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Davis pitching for Indians. Polanco lined out to left. Rodriguez walked. Ordonez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Walker pitching for Tigers. Peralta walked. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Hafner doubled to deep right, Peralta to third. Broussard hit for Perez. Martinez struck out swinging. Broussard hit sacrifice fly to right, Peralta scored, Hafner to third. Blake intentionally walked. Broussard at first base. Belliard lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Davis pitching for Indians. Guillen struck out looking. Shelton singled to center. Monroe struck out looking. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Boone walked. Hollandsworth hit for Michaels. Sizemore bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Boone out at second. Hollandsworth struck out swinging. Peralta walked, Sizemore to second. Hafner flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 3 - Indians 2.	Tigers get rare three-game sweep in Cleveland