Angels - Top 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. Figgins flied out to right. Cabrera walked. Anderson lined out to center. Guerrero struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Escobar pitching for Angels. Sizemore walked. Michaels struck out swinging. Sizemore to second on wild pitch by Escobar. Sizemore to third on wild pitch by Escobar. Peralta walked. Hafner singled to right, Sizemore scored, Peralta to second. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hafner out at second, Peralta to third. Broussard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Salmon popped out to first. Morales struck out swinging. Quinlan flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Blake bunt popped out foul to catcher. Belliard singled to right, Belliard out stretching at second. Boone struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Molina struck out looking. Kennedy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Sizemore homered to right. Michaels struck out swinging. Peralta grounded out to first. Hafner walked. Martinez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Cabrera lined out to center. Anderson singled to left. Guerrero grounded into double play, third to second to first, Anderson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Broussard grounded out to second. Blake grounded out to third. Belliard hit by pitch. Boone flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Lee pitching for Indians. Salmon singled to left. Morales batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Sizemore flied out to left. Michaels grounded out to second. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Lee pitching for Indians. Molina singled to left. Kennedy grounded into double play, second to first, Molina out at second. Figgins singled to right center. Cabrera singled to left, Figgins to second. Anderson doubled to deep center, Figgins and Cabrera scored. Guerrero intentionally walked. Salmon hit by pitch, Anderson to third, Guerrero to second. Morales grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez singled to center. Broussard singled to center, Martinez to second. Blake grounded out to shortstop, Martinez to third, Broussard to second. Belliard safe at second on error by right fielder Guerrero, Martinez and Broussard scored. Boone doubled to right, Belliard scored. Sizemore intentionally walked. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Michaels walked, Boone to third, Sizemore to second. Peralta safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera, Boone scored, Sizemore to third, Michaels to second. Hafner homered to center, Sizemore, Michaels and Peralta scored. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 8 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Lee pitching for Indians. Quinlan grounded out to second. Molina flied out to right. Aybar at shortstop. Kennedy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Broussard singled to right. Broussard to second on wild pitch by Donnelly. Blake struck out swinging. Belliard flied out to right. Carmona pitching for Indians. Boone grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Figgins grounded out to first. Aybar fouled out to third. Romero pitching for Angels. McPherson at third base. Murphy in right field. Quinlan in left field. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Romero pitching for Angels. Sizemore walked. Michaels walked, Sizemore to second. Peralta singled to right center, Sizemore scored, Michaels to second. Hafner doubled to deep center, Michaels scored, Peralta to third. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to right, Peralta scored, Hafner to third. Broussard struck out swinging. Blake safe at first on error by second baseman Kennedy, Hafner scored. Belliard flied out to center. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. McPherson grounded out to first. Salmon struck out swinging. Morales grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 2 - Indians 14.	Birthday bash: Hafner's slam, 6 RBI lead Indians to rout