Indians - Top 1st. Mays pitching for Reds. Sizemore struck out looking. Belliard doubled to left. Peralta grounded out to third. Martinez walked. Broussard doubled to left, Belliard scored, Martinez to third. Hollandsworth grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. Freel singled to right. Dunn struck out swinging. Griffey Jr flied out to center. Aurilia popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Mays pitching for Reds. Boone walked. Gutierrez singled to left, Boone to second. Lee reached on infield single to third, Boone to third, Gutierrez to second. Sizemore walked, Boone scored, Gutierrez to third, Lee to second. Belliard flied out to right. Peralta singled to center, Gutierrez scored, Lee to third, Sizemore to second. Martinez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Peralta out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Kearns fouled out to shortstop. Phillips flied out to center. Castro singled to center. LaRue singled to center, Castro to second. Mays popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Mays pitching for Reds. Broussard grounded out to first. Hollandsworth grounded out to first. Boone grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Freel lined out to center. Dunn lined out to right. Griffey Jr popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Mays pitching for Reds. Gutierrez singled to right. Lee bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Gutierrez out at second. Sizemore popped out to shortstop. Belliard lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Aurilia doubled to deep left. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. Phillips reached on infield single to shortstop, Aurilia to third. Phillips stole second. Castro struck out looking. LaRue intentionally walked. Mays doubled to deep right, Aurilia, Phillips and LaRue scored. Freel singled to center, Mays to third. Dunn struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Mays pitching for Reds. Peralta singled to left, Peralta out stretching at second. Martinez singled to right center. Broussard singled to center, Martinez to second. Hollandsworth singled to right, Martinez scored, Broussard to third, Hollandsworth to second advancing on throw. Hafner hit for Gutierrez. Boone intentionally walked. Hafner homered to center, Broussard, Hollandsworth and Boone scored. Lee struck out swinging. Sizemore flied out to center. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Hollandsworth in right field. Inglett in left field. Lee pitching for Indians. Griffey Jr homered to right. Aurilia grounded out to second. Kearns grounded out to third. Standridge pitching for Reds. Phillips grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Standridge pitching for Reds. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Peralta flied out to right. Martinez singled to deep center, Martinez out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Lee pitching for Indians. Castro fouled out to first. McCracken hit for Standridge. LaRue popped out to second. McCracken singled to left. Shackelford pitching for Reds. Freel popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Shackelford pitching for Reds. Broussard grounded out to first. Hollandsworth popped out to third. Boone walked. Garko hit for Lee. Inglett doubled to left center, Boone to third. Garko doubled to left, Boone and Inglett scored. Perez pitching for Indians. Sizemore flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Dunn grounded out to second. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. Aurilia reached on infield single to third. Kearns homered to left, Aurilia scored. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Phillips walked. Belisle pitching for Reds. Castro fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Reds. Belliard doubled to left. Peralta struck out looking. Martinez walked. Broussard flied out to center, Belliard to third. Hollandsworth singled to right, Belliard scored, Martinez to second. Boone singled to center, Martinez scored, Hollandsworth to third, Boone to second on throwing error by center fielder Griffey Jr. Inglett struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 8th. Hatteberg hit for Belisle. Cabrera pitching for Indians. LaRue struck out looking. Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop. Freel homered to center. Dunn struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Weathers pitching for Reds. Vazquez hit for Cabrera. Vazquez lined out to shortstop. Sizemore lined out to shortstop. Mota pitching for Indians. Belliard flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 9th. Mota pitching for Indians. Griffey Jr popped out to third. Aurilia flied out to right. Kearns flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 12 - Reds 7.	Drama king: Hafner's PH slam rallies Tribe past Reds