Yankees - Top 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. Cabrera walked. Jeter flied out to center. Giambi grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Sizemore struck out swinging. Michaels flied out to center. Peralta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Rodriguez lined out to third. Posada flied out to center. Williams grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez flied out to right. Belliard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Phillips struck out swinging. Guiel struck out swinging. Cairo singled to center. Cabrera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Boone fouled out to third. Gutierrez flied out to left. Shoppach grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Jeter doubled to deep left. Giambi homered to right, Jeter scored. Rodriguez walked. Posada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rodriguez out at second. Williams flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Sizemore grounded out to pitcher. Michaels flied out to right. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Lee pitching for Indians. Phillips lined out to shortstop. Guiel singled to center. Cairo safe at first on error by right fielder Gutierrez, Guiel to second. Cabrera safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta, Guiel scored, Cairo to third. Jeter singled to center, Cairo scored, Cabrera to third. Giambi hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third, Jeter to second. Posada grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Hafner singled to left. Martinez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hafner out at second. Belliard flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Lee pitching for Indians. Williams singled to center. Phillips singled to left, Williams to second. Guiel bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Williams out at third, Phillips to second. Cairo singled to center, Phillips scored, Guiel to second. Cabrera popped out to first. Jeter singled to center, Guiel scored, Cairo to third. Giambi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jeter out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Boone struck out swinging. Gutierrez flied out to left. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Shoppach grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Rodriguez singled to left. Posada struck out swinging. Williams struck out swinging. Crosby in center field. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Sizemore grounded out to second. Michaels homered to left. Peralta singled to left. Hafner grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Peralta out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Guiel walked. Cairo singled to center, Guiel to second. Cabrera singled to left, Guiel scored, Cairo to second. Cairo to third, Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Cabrera. Jeter hit sacrifice fly to center, Cairo scored, Cabrera to third. Cabrera scored on Shoppach's passed ball. Giambi popped out to shortstop. Rodriguez flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Martinez singled to right center. Belliard singled to left, Martinez to second. Boone singled to left, Martinez to third, Belliard to second. Gutierrez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez scored, Boone out at second, Belliard to third. Belliard scored, Gutierrez to second on passed ball by Posada. Shoppach singled to left, Gutierrez scored. Beam pitching for Yankees. Sizemore flied out to center. Perez pitching for Indians. Michaels struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Perez pitching for Indians. Posada grounded out to third. Crosby flied out to right. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Beam pitching for Yankees. Peralta grounded out to third. Hafner hit by pitch. Martinez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hafner out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 10 - Indians 4.	Johnson sharp as Yankees pound back at Tribe