Mariners - Top 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. Suzuki singled to left center. Lopez singled to center, Suzuki to second. Beltre singled to left, Suzuki scored, Lopez to second. Ibanez flied out to right. Sexson popped out to second. Perez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Sizemore walked. Sizemore stole second. Michaels singled to left, Sizemore to third. Hafner grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sizemore scored, Michaels out at second. Martinez safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez, Hafner to second. Blake flied out to center. Belliard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Betancourt lined out to center. Rivera popped out to first. Jones lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Choo grounded out to first. Inglett flied out to right. Boone popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Lopez popped out to shortstop. Beltre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Sizemore doubled to deep right. Michaels flied out to right, Sizemore to third. Hafner grounded out to second, Sizemore scored. Martinez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Ibanez doubled to right. Sexson homered to left center, Ibanez scored. Perez popped out to third. Betancourt popped out to first. Rivera flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Blake singled to center. Belliard singled to left center, Blake to second. Choo walked, Blake to third, Belliard to second. Inglett grounded out to shortstop, Blake scored, Belliard to third, Choo to second. Boone grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Choo out at third. Sizemore walked, Boone to second. Michaels grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Lee pitching for Indians. Jones flied out to right. Suzuki flied out to left. Lopez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez struck out swinging. Blake flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Lee pitching for Indians. Beltre hit ground rule double to left. Ibanez popped out to third. Sexson struck out swinging. Perez intentionally walked. Betancourt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Belliard popped out to second. Choo struck out swinging. Inglett flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Lee pitching for Indians. Rivera popped out to first. Jones grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Boone flied out to center. Sizemore flied out to left. Michaels grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Lee pitching for Indians. Lopez singled to right. Beltre popped out to shortstop. Carmona pitching for Indians. Ibanez flied out to center. Lopez stole second. Woods pitching for Mariners. Sexson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Woods pitching for Mariners. Hafner reached on infield single to second. Martinez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hafner out at second. Broussard hit for Perez. Blake fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Broussard walked. Dobbs hit for Rivera. Betancourt sacrificed to pitcher, Broussard to second. Johjima hit for Jones. Dobbs reached on infield single to shortstop, Broussard to third. Johjima grounded into fielder's choice to third, Broussard out at home, Dobbs to third, Johjima to second. Suzuki intentionally walked. Lopez singled to left, Dobbs and Johjima scored, Suzuki to third. Beltre hit by pitch, Lopez to second. Mastny pitching for Indians. Ibanez singled to right, Suzuki and Lopez scored, Beltre to second. Bloomquist in center field. Johjima catching. Sexson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beltre out at third, Ibanez to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Peralta hit for Choo. Woods pitching for Mariners. Belliard singled to center. Putz pitching for Mariners. Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop, Belliard to second. Hollandsworth hit for Boone. Inglett grounded into fielder's choice to left, Belliard out at third, Peralta to second. Hollandsworth singled to left, Peralta to third, Inglett to second. Sizemore grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hollandsworth out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - Indians 3.	Mariners sink slumping Tribe with two-out rally in ninth