Angels - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Figgins grounded out to first. Izturis singled to left center. Izturis caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Cabrera singled to center. Guerrero singled to center, Cabrera to second. Anderson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Sizemore singled to center. Sizemore caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Inglett grounded out to second. Hafner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Rivera singled to left center. Kendrick singled to center, Rivera to second. Kennedy grounded into double play, third to first, Rivera out at third, Kendrick to second. Molina grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Martinez singled to center. Peralta doubled to deep left center, Martinez to third. Choo singled to left, Martinez scored, Peralta to third. Luna walked, Choo to second. Garko hit sacrifice fly to right, Peralta scored. Marte struck out looking. Sizemore reached on infield single to shortstop, Choo to third, Luna to second, Choo scored, Luna to third on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera. Inglett grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Figgins reached on infield single to second. Izturis flied out to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guerrero singled to right, Figgins to third. Anderson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Hafner grounded out to first. Martinez singled to deep center, Martinez out stretching at second. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Rivera lined out to shortstop. Kendrick struck out swinging. Kennedy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Choo singled to center. Luna walked, Choo to second. Garko singled to left, Choo to third, Luna to second. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Choo out at home, Luna to third, Garko to second. Sizemore struck out swinging. Inglett walked, Luna scored, Garko to third, Marte to second. Hafner grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Molina singled to left. Figgins singled to left center, Molina to second. Izturis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Figgins out at second, Molina to third. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Martinez singled to center. Peralta flied out to center. Choo struck out swinging. Luna struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Guerrero struck out swinging. Anderson grounded out to first. Rivera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Garko popped out to shortstop. Marte grounded out to third. Sizemore grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Kendrick struck out looking. Kennedy struck out swinging. Romero pitching for Angels. Molina struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Romero pitching for Angels. Inglett grounded out to first. Hafner walked. Martinez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hafner out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Figgins walked. Izturis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Figgins out at second. Gregg pitching for Angels. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Peralta lined out to second. Choo singled to right center. Luna flied out to center. Choo stole second. Garko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Anderson lined out to first. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 0 - Indians 4.	Westbrook tosses complete game as Tribe blank Angels