Indians - Top 1st. Silva pitching for Twins. Sizemore flied out to right. Michaels grounded out to second. Hafner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. Castillo walked. Ford singled to left, Castillo to second. Mauer singled to center, Castillo scored, Ford to third. Cuddyer struck out looking. Morneau grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Mauer out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Silva pitching for Twins. Martinez doubled to deep center. Choo grounded out to first, Martinez to third. Garko struck out swinging. Peralta grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Hunter struck out swinging. Rabe grounded out to first. Rodriguez singled to left. Bartlett singled to center, Rodriguez to third. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Silva pitching for Twins. Inglett flied out to left. Luna grounded out to third. Sizemore grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Ford popped out to second. Mauer grounded out to second. Cuddyer popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Silva pitching for Twins. Michaels flied out to left. Hafner singled to left. Martinez singled to left center, Hafner to second. Choo struck out swinging. Garko singled to center, Hafner scored, Martinez to second. Peralta walked, Martinez to third, Garko to second. Inglett reached on infield single to third, Martinez scored, Garko to third, Peralta to second. Luna lined out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Morneau doubled to right center. Hunter grounded out to pitcher. Rabe struck out swinging. Rodriguez singled to center, Morneau scored. Bartlett singled to center, Rodriguez to second. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bartlett out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Silva pitching for Twins. Sizemore grounded out to first. Michaels struck out looking. Hafner grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Lee pitching for Indians. Ford popped out to second. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. Cuddyer doubled to deep right center. Crain pitching for Twins. Morneau struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Crain pitching for Twins. Martinez grounded out to second. Choo grounded out to first. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Garko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Kubel hit for Rabe. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Hunter singled to center. Hunter caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Kubel flied out to left. Rodriguez singled to right. Bartlett singled to left, Rodriguez to second. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Crain pitching for Twins. Peralta struck out looking. Inglett doubled to deep right center. Reyes pitching for Twins. Luna grounded out to first, Inglett to third. Carmona pitching for Indians. Sizemore flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Ford reached on infield single to shortstop. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ford out at second. Cuddyer singled to right, Mauer to second. Morneau lined out to left. Hunter grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Reyes pitching for Twins. Michaels struck out swinging. Hafner walked. Martinez struck out swinging. Neshek pitching for Twins. Choo singled to left, Hafner to second. Garko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Tyner ran for Kubel. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Kubel singled to center. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Rodriguez walked, Tyner to second. Bartlett reached on bunt single to third, Tyner to third, Rodriguez to second. Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop, Tyner scored, Rodriguez to third, Bartlett to second. Ford grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at home, Bartlett to third, Castillo to second. Mauer hit sacrifice fly to left, Bartlett scored. Brown pitching for Indians. Cuddyer homered to center, Castillo and Ford scored. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Morneau flied out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Peralta flied out to right. Inglett grounded out to shortstop. Luna reached on infield single to shortstop. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 2 - Twins 7.	Twins beat up Indians, close in on wild card lead