Blue Jays - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Johnson singled to center. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Johnson out at second. Wells grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Sizemore grounded out to second. Michaels grounded out to pitcher. Hafner homered to left center. Martinez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Glaus grounded out to third. Molina popped out to second. Rios grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Blake grounded out to shortstop. Garko singled to center. Peralta flied out to center. Luna popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Overbay struck out swinging. Phillips flied out to left. McDonald grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Marte struck out looking. Sizemore lined out to left. Michaels flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Johnson grounded out to third. Hill fouled out to right. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Hafner walked. Martinez flied out to right. Blake walked, Hafner to second. Garko walked, Hafner to third, Blake to second. Peralta struck out swinging. Luna flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Glaus struck out swinging. Molina lined out to second. Rios grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Marte flied out to left. Sizemore popped out to second. Michaels flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Overbay singled to center. Phillips doubled to left, Overbay to third. McDonald grounded out to third. Johnson reached on infield single to third, Overbay scored, Phillips to third. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phillips scored, Johnson out at second. Wells grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Hafner struck out looking. Martinez struck out looking. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Blake struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Glaus fouled out to catcher. Molina grounded out to third. League pitching for Blue Jays. Rios flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Garko hit by pitch. Inglett hit for Luna. Peralta singled to right, Garko to second. Inglett sacrificed to first, Garko to third, Peralta to second, Inglett safe at first on error by first baseman Overbay. Garko to third on error by first baseman Overbay. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Marte reached on infield single to shortstop, Garko scored, Peralta to third, Inglett to second. Sizemore hit sacrifice fly to center, Peralta scored, Inglett to third. Michaels doubled to deep center, Inglett scored, Marte to third. Hafner intentionally walked. Inglett at second base. Martinez grounded into double play, third to first, Michaels out at third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Overbay struck out swinging. Phillips lined out to right. McDonald struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Blake singled to right center. Garko walked, Blake to second. Accardo pitching for Blue Jays. Peralta flied out to right, Blake to third. Inglett grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blake scored, Garko out at second. Marte grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Johnson flied out to center. Hill grounded out to first. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 2 - Indians 5.	Sabathia's league-leading 5th complete game grounds Jays