Twins - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Castillo grounded out to second. Punto fouled out to shortstop. Mauer grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Twins. Sizemore flied out to left. Blake flied out to center. Martinez singled to left. Garko homered to left, Martinez scored. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Cuddyer grounded out to third. Morneau walked. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morneau out at second. White grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hunter out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Twins. Luna singled to right. Inglett sacrificed to third, Luna to second. Marte flied out to left. Gutierrez singled to left, Luna scored. Sizemore fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Tyner walked. Bartlett grounded out to shortstop, Tyner to second. Castillo struck out looking. Punto grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Twins. Blake struck out swinging. Martinez struck out swinging. Garko singled to center. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Garko out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Mauer walked. Cuddyer reached on infield single to third, Mauer to second. Mauer to third, Cuddyer to second on wild pitch by Carmona. Morneau reached on infield single to second, Mauer scored, Cuddyer to third. Hunter walked, Morneau to second. White grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cuddyer scored, Hunter out at second, Morneau to third. Tyner grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Twins. Luna doubled to deep left. Inglett grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Luna to third on error by first baseman Morneau. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to third, Luna out at home, Inglett to second. Gutierrez tripled to deep center, Inglett scored, Marte thrown out at home. Sizemore flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Bartlett safe at first on error by second baseman Inglett. Bartlett stole second. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Bartlett stole third. Punto walked. Mauer struck out swinging, Punto stole second. Cuddyer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Twins. Blake struck out swinging. Martinez struck out swinging. Davis pitching for Indians. Garko grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Davis pitching for Indians. Morneau lined out to second. Hunter lined out to right. White struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Santana pitching for Twins. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Luna flied out to center. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Inglett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Tyner singled to left. Bartlett flied out to right. Tyner stole second. Castillo walked. Punto flied out to left. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Santana pitching for Twins. Marte walked. Gutierrez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Marte out at second. Sizemore grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Cuddyer singled to left. Morneau lined out to second. Hunter flied out to center. Mastny pitching for Indians. White singled to left, Cuddyer to third. Ford ran for White. Ford in left field. Tyner flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Santana pitching for Twins. Blake fouled out to first. Martinez grounded out to third. Garko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Mastny pitching for Indians. Bartlett singled to center. Castillo walked, Bartlett to second. Punto singled to left center, Bartlett to third, Castillo to second. Mauer grounded out to first, Bartlett scored, Castillo to third, Punto to second. Cuddyer intentionally walked. Morneau hit sacrifice fly to left, Castillo scored. Neshek pitching for Twins. Choo hit for Kouzmanoff. Hunter flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Neshek pitching for Twins. Choo struck out looking. Luna struck out swinging. Inglett walked. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Marte fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 10th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Ford grounded out to third. Tyner grounded out to shortstop. Bartlett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 10th. Reyes pitching for Twins. Gutierrez doubled to deep center. Sizemore struck out swinging. Blake intentionally walked. Gutierrez to third, Blake to second on wild pitch by Reyes. Crain pitching for Twins. Martinez intentionally walked. Garko grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gutierrez scored, Martinez out at second, Blake to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 4 - Indians 5.	Bullpen's slip leaves Twins two back in Central race