Twins - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Castillo singled to center. Punto grounded into double play, third to second to first, Castillo out at second. Redmond singled to center. Cuddyer reached on infield single to shortstop, Redmond to second. Morneau grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cuddyer out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Silva pitching for Twins. Sizemore singled to shallow left center. Michaels singled to center, Sizemore to third. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sizemore scored, Michaels out at second. Garko fouled out to third. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Hunter fouled out to first. White fouled out to catcher. Nevin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Silva pitching for Twins. Boone grounded out to third. Inglett struck out looking. Gutierrez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Bartlett singled to right. Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop, Bartlett to second. Punto sacrificed to catcher, Bartlett to third, Castillo to second. Redmond grounded out to first, Bartlett scored, Castillo to third. Cuddyer lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Silva pitching for Twins. Peralta popped out to second. Sizemore singled to left center. Michaels grounded out to third, Sizemore to second. Martinez walked. Garko hit by pitch, Sizemore to third, Martinez to second. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martinez out at third, Garko to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Morneau fouled out to third. Hunter homered to right center. White safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Peralta. Nevin singled to left, White to second. Bartlett struck out swinging. Castillo flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 4th. Silva pitching for Twins. Boone singled to left. Inglett lined into double play, pitcher to first, Boone out at first. Gutierrez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Punto singled to center. Redmond doubled to deep left center, Punto scored. Cuddyer flied out to right, Redmond to third. Morneau popped out to shortstop. Hunter struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Silva pitching for Twins. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Sizemore flied out to center. Michaels struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. White struck out swinging. Nevin fouled out to second. Bartlett grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Silva pitching for Twins. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Garko grounded out to shortstop. Blake singled to right. Boone flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Punto flied out to right. Redmond walked. Cuddyer singled to center, Redmond to second. Morneau grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Silva pitching for Twins. Inglett grounded out to pitcher. Gutierrez flied out to left. Sikorski pitching for Indians. Peralta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Sikorski pitching for Indians. Hunter struck out swinging. Ford ran for White. White singled to center. Nevin struck out looking. Ford in left field. Reyes pitching for Twins. Bartlett grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ford out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Reyes pitching for Twins. Sizemore popped out to first. Michaels struck out swinging. Rincon pitching for Twins. Martinez singled to left. Garko flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Sikorski pitching for Indians. Castillo reached on infield single to second. Punto sacrificed to first, Castillo to second. Redmond singled to right center, Castillo scored. Lara pitching for Indians. Cuddyer singled to left, Redmond to second. Nathan pitching for Twins. Morneau grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cuddyer out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Blake flied out to center. Boone struck out swinging. Inglett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 4 - Indians 1.	Hi-Ho Silva! Hurler helps Twins rebound against Tribe