Rangers - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Kinsler grounded out to third. Young grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Suzuki singled to center. Lopez walked, Suzuki to second. Ibanez flied out to left. Sexson struck out swinging. Beltre lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Blalock grounded out to third. Bradley grounded out to second. Catalanotto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Wilkerson fouled out to third. Vidro singled to right. Vidro stole second, Vidro safe at third on error by second baseman Kinsler. Johjima singled to left, Vidro scored. Betancourt flied out to center. Suzuki singled to right, Johjima to second. Lopez flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Murphy singled to center. Laird sacrificed to first, Murphy to second, Laird safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Hernandez. Murphy to third on throwing error by pitcher Hernandez. Broussard grounded out to shortstop, Murphy scored. Kinsler struck out swinging. Young walked. Hamilton struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Ibanez grounded out to second. Sexson struck out looking. Beltre walked. Wilkerson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Blalock flied out to center. Bradley grounded out to pitcher. Catalanotto flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Vidro grounded out to pitcher. Johjima struck out swinging. Betancourt singled to left. Suzuki singled to right, Betancourt to second. Lopez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Murphy flied out to center. Laird singled to right. Broussard safe at first on error by first baseman Sexson, Laird to third. Kinsler walked, Broussard to second. Young grounded into double play, second to first, Kinsler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Ibanez grounded out to second. Sexson singled to left. Beltre flied out to center. Wilkerson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Hamilton grounded out to pitcher. Blalock doubled to deep left. Bradley walked. Catalanotto singled to left, Blalock to third, Bradley to second. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Blalock out at home, Bradley to third, Catalanotto to second. Laird popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Vidro struck out looking. Johjima lined out to right. Betancourt doubled to deep left. Suzuki intentionally walked. Lopez fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Broussard singled to right. Kinsler bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Broussard out at second. Young lined into double play, pitcher to first, Kinsler out at first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Ibanez flied out to center. Sexson fouled out to first. Beltre singled to left. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Hamilton reached on infield single to first. Blalock doubled to deep right, Hamilton to third. Bradley hit sacrifice fly to left, Hamilton scored. Byrd hit for Catalanotto. Byrd flied out to right, Blalock to third. Murphy doubled to deep right, Blalock scored. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Laird walked. Broussard flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Vazquez at third base. Byrd in right field. Murphy in left field. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Vidro safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Young. Johjima singled to left, Vidro to third. Jimerson ran for Johjima. Betancourt singled to right, Vidro scored, Jimerson to third. Suzuki safe at first on error by second baseman Kinsler, Jimerson scored, Betancourt to second. Lopez sacrificed to third, Betancourt to third, Suzuki to second. Ibanez intentionally walked. Sexson struck out swinging. Betancourt scored, Suzuki to third, Ibanez to second on wild pitch by Benoit. Bloomquist ran for Ibanez. Beltre walked. Wilkerson fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Bloomquist in left field. Burke catching. Putz pitching for Mariners. Kinsler singled to center. Young struck out looking. Hamilton homered to right, Kinsler scored. Vazquez flied out to center. Bradley walked. Byrd struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Vidro flied out to right. Burke flied out to right. Betancourt doubled to deep right center. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 5 - Mariners 4.	Rescue Ranger: Hamilton lifts Texas with late HR