Rangers - Top 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Kinsler homered to left. Young singled to shallow right. Hamilton grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Young out at second. Bradley flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Lowrie struck out looking. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Blalock singled to center. Catalanotto singled to center, Blalock to second. Murphy sacrificed to pitcher, Blalock to third, Catalanotto to second. Laird grounded out to shortstop, Blalock scored. Broussard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Ramirez struck out looking. Youkilis singled to left. Drew flied out to center. Casey singled to deep left, Youkilis to third. Cash flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Thurston in left field. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Kinsler flied out to right. Young grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Lugo struck out looking. Ellsbury walked. Ellsbury stole second. Ellsbury safe at third on throwing error by catcher Laird. Lowrie popped out to shortstop. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Bradley flied out to left. Blalock lined out to right. Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Thurston grounded out to second. Youkilis singled to right center. Drew grounded out to second, Youkilis to second. Casey flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Murphy struck out swinging. Laird grounded out to shortstop. Broussard popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Cash singled to center. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cash out at second. Ellsbury singled to right, Lugo to second. Lugo stole third. Ellsbury stole second. Lowrie struck out looking. Ortiz intentionally walked. Thurston grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ortiz out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Kinsler grounded out to second. Young singled to left. Hamilton singled to right center, Young to third. Bradley homered to left, Young and Hamilton scored. Blalock fouled out to third. Catalanotto flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Youkilis singled to center. Drew struck out swinging. Casey singled to left, Youkilis to second. Cash struck out swinging. Lugo reached on infield single to third, Youkilis to third, Casey to second. Ellsbury popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Murphy grounded out to first. Laird fouled out to catcher. Broussard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Lowrie doubled to left. Ortiz singled to right center, Lowrie scored. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Thurston hit by pitch, Ortiz to second. Youkilis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Thurston out at second, Ortiz to third. Drew singled to right, Ortiz scored. Casey grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Kinsler lined out to left. Young struck out swinging, Young safe at first on passed ball by Cash. Hamilton flied out to right. Bradley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Cash grounded out to shortstop. Lugo struck out looking. Ellsbury singled to left. Lowrie doubled to right, Ellsbury scored. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Ortiz singled to shallow right, Lowrie scored. Pedroia hit for Thurston. Pedroia doubled to deep center, Ortiz scored, Pedroia to third on throwing error by center fielder Hamilton. Youkilis intentionally walked. Drew walked, Youkilis to second. Casey walked, Pedroia scored, Youkilis to third, Drew to second. Wright pitching for Rangers. Cash grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Casey out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 9th. Lowrie at shortstop. Pedroia at second base. Lugo in left field. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Blalock fouled out to third. Catalanotto lined out to center. Murphy popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 5 - Red Sox 6.	Red Sox rally with four in 8th to top Texas