Rangers - Top 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Kinsler flied out to center. Young struck out swinging. Hamilton singled to center. Bradley singled to right, Hamilton to second. Blalock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Thomas doubled to deep left. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher, Thomas to third. Guillen struck out looking. Ordonez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Catalanotto homered to right. Murphy popped out to shortstop. Laird singled to left. Broussard singled to center, Laird to second. Kinsler struck out swinging. Young flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Cabrera grounded out to second. Jones walked. Renteria hit ground rule double to first, Jones to third. Inge grounded out to second, Jones scored, Renteria to third. Santiago doubled to left, Renteria scored. Thomas hit by pitch. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Hamilton grounded out to second. Bradley grounded out to pitcher. Blalock grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Guillen grounded out to second. Ordonez homered to left. Cabrera homered to left. Jones tripled to deep center. Renteria singled to center, Jones scored. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to third, Renteria out at second. Santiago homered to right, Inge scored. Thomas grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Murphy flied out to center. Laird reached on infield single to third. Broussard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Laird out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez hit by pitch. Guillen flied out to left. Ordonez grounded out to pitcher, Rodriguez to second. Cabrera fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Kinsler popped out to first. Young flied out to center. Hamilton walked. Bradley walked, Hamilton to second. Blalock grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Jones doubled to deep center. Renteria singled to right, Jones to third. Jones out at home on runner's fielder's choice, Renteria to second on runner's fielder's choice. Inge struck out swinging. Santiago grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Murphy grounded out to second. Laird grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Thomas grounded out to second. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Guillen grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Broussard struck out swinging. Kinsler singled to right. Young singled to right, Kinsler to third. Seay pitching for Tigers. Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to left, Kinsler scored. Bradley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Ordonez struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to third. Jones flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Raburn in left field. Seay pitching for Tigers. Blalock struck out swinging. Botts hit for Catalanotto. Botts walked. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Botts out at second. Bautista pitching for Tigers. Laird walked, Murphy to second. Broussard fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Botts in left field. Vazquez at shortstop. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Renteria singled to right. Inge hit by pitch, Renteria to second. Santiago walked, Renteria to third, Inge to second. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Renteria scored, Santiago out at second, Inge to third. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Inge scored, Thomas out at second. Guillen walked, Rodriguez to second. Ordonez walked, Rodriguez to third, Guillen to second. Cabrera walked, Rodriguez scored, Guillen to third, Ordonez to second. Raburn grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Thames in right field. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Kinsler flied out to right. Vazquez grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 2 - Tigers 10.	Ordonez hits 1,000th RBI as Tigers win easily