Royals - Top 1st. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Gathright grounded out to second. Grudzielanek lined out to center. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Bannister pitching for Royals. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Young singled to center. Hamilton lined out to center. Bradley homered to left, Young scored. Murphy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Guillen grounded out to second. Teahen singled to center. Butler popped out to second. Gordon singled to center, Teahen to third. Gordon to second on wild pitch by Millwood. Buck popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Shelton flied out to right. Boggs homered to right. Laird struck out swinging. Duran singled to center. Kinsler singled to center, Duran to third. Young walked, Kinsler to second. Hamilton homered to left center, Duran, Kinsler and Young scored. Bradley grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Pena grounded out to first. Gathright tripled to deep center. Grudzielanek singled to center, Gathright scored. DeJesus flied out to center. Guillen walked, Grudzielanek to second. Teahen grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Murphy popped out to shortstop. Shelton walked. Shelton to second on wild pitch by Bannister. Boggs singled to right, Shelton to third. Laird struck out looking. Duran flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Butler struck out looking. Gordon flied out to left. Buck struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Kinsler struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. Hamilton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Pena safe at first on error by right fielder Bradley. Gathright grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pena out at second. Grudzielanek flied out to right. Gathright stole second. DeJesus walked. Guillen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Bradley reached on bunt single to pitcher. Murphy homered to right, Bradley scored. Shelton struck out swinging. Boggs struck out swinging. Laird fouled out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Teahen grounded out to second. Butler flied out to right. Gordon lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. German at second base. Yabuta pitching for Royals. Duran singled to center. Kinsler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Duran out at second. Young singled to right. Hamilton safe at first on error by third baseman Gordon, Young to second. Bradley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 7th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Buck hit by pitch. Pena doubled to left, Buck to third. Gathright singled to left, Buck scored, Pena to third. German grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pena scored, Gathright out at second. DeJesus homered to right, German scored. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Guillen struck out swinging. Teahen singled to deep right. Butler walked, Teahen to second. Gordon singled to center, Teahen scored, Butler to second. Wright pitching for Rangers. Catalanotto in left field. Boggs in right field. Buck struck out looking. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Yabuta pitching for Royals. Murphy popped out to third. Shelton walked. Boggs struck out swinging, Shelton stole second. Laird homered to right center, Shelton scored. Duran flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Wright pitching for Rangers. Pena reached on bunt single to third, Pena to second on throwing error by third baseman Duran. Gathright hit by pitch. German grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gathright out at second, Pena to third. DeJesus grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pena scored, German out at second. Guillen safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Duran, DeJesus to second. Teahen grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Yabuta pitching for Royals. Kinsler singled to center. Young struck out swinging. Kinsler stole second. Hamilton fouled out to third. Catalanotto walked. Kinsler to third, Catalanotto to second on wild pitch by Yabuta. Murphy lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Vazquez at third base. Butler doubled to deep left. Gordon flied out to right, Butler to third. Buck homered to left, Butler scored. Pena fouled out to first. Gathright bunt grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 9 - Rangers 11.	Hamilton's grand slam helps Rangers stomp Royals