Rangers - Top 1st. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Kinsler flied out to center. Young doubled to right. Hamilton doubled to left, Young scored. Bradley walked. Murphy flied out to left. Boggs singled to center, Hamilton scored, Bradley to third. Catalanotto struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Iwamura singled to left. Crawford fouled out to left. Upton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Iwamura out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Saltalamacchia doubled to right center. Vazquez struck out looking. Kinsler reached on bunt single to third, Saltalamacchia to third. Kinsler stole second. Young struck out swinging. Hamilton safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria, Saltalamacchia scored, Kinsler to third. Bradley singled to center, Kinsler scored, Hamilton to third. Murphy singled to right, Hamilton scored, Bradley to third. Boggs doubled to right, Bradley and Murphy scored. Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Pena flied out to center. Longoria reached on infield single to third. Floyd homered to right, Longoria scored. Navarro struck out swinging. Hinske struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Saltalamacchia singled to right. Vazquez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Saltalamacchia out at second. Kinsler struck out looking. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Bartlett struck out looking. Iwamura struck out looking. Crawford doubled to deep center. Upton walked. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Hamilton struck out swinging. Bradley popped out to second. Murphy popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Longoria flied out to center. Floyd walked. Navarro struck out looking. Hinske homered to right, Floyd scored. Bartlett singled to center. Bartlett stole second. Iwamura struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Boggs grounded out to second. Catalanotto reached on infield single to third. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Vazquez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Crawford walked. Upton struck out looking. Pena struck out swinging, Crawford stole second. Longoria flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Howell pitching for Rays. Kinsler struck out swinging. Young grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Floyd walked. Navarro singled to right, Floyd to third. Hinske grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Floyd scored, Navarro out at second. Bartlett struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Howell pitching for Rays. Bradley grounded out to shortstop. Murphy reached on infield single to first. Boggs struck out swinging. Shelton hit for Catalanotto. Murphy stole second. Shelton flied out to center. Shelton hit for Catalanotto. Murphy stole second. Shelton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Shelton at first base. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Iwamura singled to left. Crawford grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Iwamura out at second. Upton walked. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Howell pitching for Rays. Saltalamacchia doubled to right center. Vazquez sacrificed into fielder's choice to catcher, Saltalamacchia to third. Kinsler singled to center, Saltalamacchia scored, Vazquez to second. Young walked, Vazquez to third, Kinsler to second. Hamilton homered to right, Vazquez, Kinsler and Young scored. Glover pitching for Rays. Bradley singled to right. Murphy fouled out to third. Boggs singled to center, Bradley to second. Shelton flied out to center, Bradley to third. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Longoria walked. Floyd singled to left, Longoria to second. Navarro singled to center, Longoria to third, Floyd to second. Hinske struck out swinging. Bartlett hit sacrifice fly to left, Longoria scored. Zobrist hit for Iwamura. Zobrist flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Zobrist at second base. Gomes in left field. Glover pitching for Rays. Vazquez walked. Kinsler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vazquez out at second. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 9th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Gomes struck out swinging. Riggans hit for Upton. Riggans struck out swinging. Pena grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 12 - Rays 6.	Ex-Ray Hamilton buries former team with 5 RBIs