Rangers - Top 1st. Meche pitching for Royals. Kinsler grounded out to first. Young grounded out to third. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Millwood pitching for Rangers. DeJesus singled to center. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop, DeJesus to second. Gordon walked. Guillen singled to center, DeJesus scored, Gordon to third. Teahen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Guillen out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Meche pitching for Royals. Bradley flied out to right. Murphy walked. Laird singled to left, Murphy to second. Catalanotto grounded out to first, Murphy to third, Laird to second. Boggs grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Olivo struck out swinging. Buck struck out looking. Aviles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Meche pitching for Royals. Vazquez grounded out to third. Kinsler flied out to right. Young lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Gathright bunt grounded out to first. DeJesus struck out looking. Grudzielanek singled to center. Gordon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Meche pitching for Royals. Hamilton struck out swinging. Bradley struck out looking. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Guillen doubled to deep left center. Teahen walked. Olivo grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Teahen out at second, Guillen to third. Buck singled to left, Guillen scored, Olivo to second. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to second, Buck out at second, Olivo to third. Aviles stole second. Gathright walked. DeJesus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Aviles out at third, Gathright to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Meche pitching for Royals. Laird doubled to left center. Catalanotto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Laird out at third. Boggs grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Catalanotto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Grudzielanek grounded out to second. Gordon homered to center. Guillen reached on infield single to third. Teahen struck out swinging. Olivo lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 6th. Meche pitching for Royals. Vazquez doubled to right. Kinsler walked. Young singled to right, Vazquez to third, Kinsler to second. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Vazquez scored, Young out at second, Kinsler to third. Bradley grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kinsler out at home, Hamilton to second. Murphy grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Buck singled to center. Aviles singled to right, Buck scored, Aviles to third on error by right fielder Bradley. Gathright singled to center, Aviles scored. DeJesus grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Gathright out at second. Grudzielanek singled to center. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Mahay pitching for Royals. Laird bunt grounded out to pitcher. Shelton hit for Catalanotto. Shelton grounded out to third. Boggs grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Shelton at first base. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Guillen struck out swinging. Teahen singled to center. Olivo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Teahen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Mahay pitching for Royals. Vazquez batting. Kinsler batting. Young batting. Hamilton batting. Bradley batting. Murphy batting. Laird batting. Shelton singled to right, Murphy scored, Laird to second, Laird to third advancing on throw. Boggs walked, Shelton to second. Vazquez flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Buck grounded out to pitcher. Aviles flied out to right. Gathright struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Yabuta pitching for Royals. Kinsler doubled to left. Young grounded out to second, Kinsler to third. Ramirez pitching for Royals. Hamilton struck out swinging. Bradley intentionally walked. Kinsler scored, Bradley to second on passed ball by Buck. Murphy struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. DeJesus flied out to left. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Gordon singled to right. Guillen safe at first on error by first baseman Shelton, Gordon to second. Byrd in right field. Teahen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Rangers 6 - Royals 5.	Passed ball dooms Royals as Rangers rally for win