Angels - Top 1st. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Figgins walked. Figgins stole second, Figgins safe at third on throwing error by catcher Ramirez. Kotchman grounded out to first, Figgins scored. Izturis doubled to left. Guerrero singled to center, Izturis to third. Hunter singled to center, Izturis scored, Guerrero to second. Anderson walked, Guerrero to third, Hunter to second. Matthews grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Guerrero out at home. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Kinsler flied out to right. Young singled to right. Hamilton flied out to left. Bradley hit by pitch, Young to second. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bradley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Kendrick singled to right. Kendrick stole second. Mathis homered to left, Kendrick scored. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Kotchman doubled to deep right. Izturis singled to center, Kotchman scored. Guerrero homered to left center, Izturis scored. Hunter homered to left. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Anderson lined out to right. Matthews singled to center. Kendrick flied out to center. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. Davis grounded out to first. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop. Vazquez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Mathis struck out swinging. Figgins struck out swinging. Kotchman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Angels. Kinsler doubled to deep center. Young flied out to center, Kinsler to third. Hamilton doubled to right center, Kinsler scored. Bradley walked. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bradley out at second, Hamilton to third. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Murphy out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Izturis grounded out to first. Guerrero hit by pitch. Hunter popped out to second. Anderson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Angels. Davis struck out swinging. Ramirez struck out looking. Vazquez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Matthews grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Mathis singled to left. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Angels. Kinsler singled to left. Young struck out looking. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kinsler out at second. Bradley walked, Hamilton to second. Murphy homered to right, Hamilton and Bradley scored. Byrd singled to center. Davis homered to right, Byrd scored. Ramirez fouled out to first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Kotchman flied out to center. Izturis struck out looking. Guerrero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Santana pitching for Angels. Vazquez singled to left. Kinsler reached on bunt single to third, Vazquez to second. Young struck out swinging. Hamilton grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Kinsler out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Hunter homered to center. Anderson struck out swinging. Matthews grounded out to second. Kendrick grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Santana pitching for Angels. Bradley struck out looking. Murphy lined out to first. Byrd flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Mathis walked. Figgins grounded out to third, Mathis to second. Kotchman safe at first on error by first baseman Davis, Mathis to third. Izturis grounded into double play, first to catcher to third to catcher to third, Mathis out at home, Kotchman out at third, Kotchman out at second, Izturis to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Davis struck out looking. Ramirez struck out looking. Vazquez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Guerrero reached on infield single to pitcher, Guerrero to second on throwing error by pitcher Nippert. Hunter grounded out to third. Madrigal pitching for Rangers. Anderson flied out to center. Matthews walked. Kendrick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Kinsler doubled to deep left. Young flied out to right. Hamilton struck out swinging. Bradley walked. Kinsler to third, Bradley to second on fielder's indifference. Murphy lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 9 - Rangers 6.	Hunter helps K-Rod, Angels stop Rangers