White Sox - Top 1st. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop. Quentin homered to center, Ramirez scored. Dye walked. Thome doubled to deep center, Dye to third. Konerko grounded out to third, Dye scored. Swisher grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Kinsler doubled to deep left. Young struck out swinging. Hamilton flied out to right, Kinsler to third. Bradley singled to right, Kinsler scored. Murphy flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Uribe tripled to deep left. Cabrera singled to center, Uribe scored. Ramirez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Byrd singled to left. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Byrd out at second. Ramirez doubled to deep right, Davis scored. Vazquez walked. Kinsler doubled to deep center, Ramirez and Vazquez scored. Young flied out to right. Hamilton popped out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Quentin flied out to center. Dye doubled to deep left. Thome doubled to deep left, Dye scored. Konerko flied out to left. Swisher walked. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Hall walked, Thome to third, Swisher to second. Uribe fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Bradley homered to right. Murphy singled to center. Byrd flied out to right. Davis reached on infield single to shortstop, Murphy to second, Murphy to third advancing on throw. Ramirez singled to left, Murphy scored, Davis to second. Vazquez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ramirez out at second, Davis to third. Kinsler singled to left center, Davis scored, Vazquez to third. Young grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Cabrera flied out to center. Ramirez singled to center. Ramirez stole second. Quentin singled to center, Ramirez to third, Quentin to second on throwing error by center fielder Byrd. Dye struck out swinging. Thome intentionally walked. Konerko lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. Bradley struck out looking. Murphy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Swisher singled to right. Hall singled to right, Swisher to third. Uribe popped out to second. Cabrera singled to left, Swisher scored, Hall to second. Ramirez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Byrd safe at second on error by third baseman Uribe. Davis walked. Masset pitching for White Sox. Ramirez flied out to right, Byrd to third. Vazquez lined out to third. Kinsler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Quentin flied out to right. Dye reached on infield single to second. Thome singled to right, Dye to third. Wright pitching for Rangers. Konerko grounded into double play, third to second to first, Thome out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Masset pitching for White Sox. Young grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton grounded out to first. Bradley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Wright pitching for Rangers. Swisher walked. Swisher stole second. Hall singled to right, Swisher to third. Uribe singled to center, Swisher scored, Hall to second. Cabrera lined out to left. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Uribe out at second, Hall to third. Ramirez stole second. Quentin grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Logan pitching for White Sox. Murphy singled to center. Murphy stole second, Murphy safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Konerko. Byrd doubled to deep left, Murphy scored. Davis walked. Russell pitching for White Sox. Ramirez fouled out to first. Byrd to third, Davis to second on wild pitch by Russell. Vazquez struck out swinging. Kinsler hit by pitch. Young singled to center, Byrd and Davis scored, Kinsler to third. Hamilton walked, Young to second. Bradley struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 8th. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Dye homered to center. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Swisher flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Russell pitching for White Sox. Murphy doubled to deep right center. Boggs hit for Byrd. Boggs singled to right, Murphy scored. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Davis singled to left, Boggs to second. Ramirez singled to center, Boggs scored, Davis to second. Vazquez struck out swinging. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez out at second, Davis to third. Young struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Hamilton in center field. Murphy in right field. Boggs in left field. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Hall singled to left. Anderson ran for Hall. Uribe singled to right, Anderson to third. Cabrera singled to center, Anderson scored, Uribe to second. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop, Uribe to third, Cabrera to second. Quentin popped out to first. Dye singled to left, Uribe and Cabrera scored, Ramirez to second. Thome struck out looking. Konerko struck out looking. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 11 - Rangers 12.	Kinsler's hit streak at 25 as Rangers edge ChiSox