Mariners - Top 1st. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Suzuki singled to left center. Reed singled to right, Suzuki to third. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Reed out at second. Beltre grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Silva pitching for Mariners. Kinsler grounded out to third. Young struck out looking. Hamilton lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Lopez grounded out to third. LaHair grounded out to pitcher. Cairo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Bradley doubled to right. Murphy grounded out to second, Bradley to third. Byrd doubled to deep left, Bradley scored. Davis grounded out to second, Byrd to third. Laird singled to center, Byrd scored. Vazquez singled to center, Laird to third. Kinsler lined out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Burke grounded out to shortstop. Betancourt safe at first on error by third baseman Vazquez. Betancourt stole second. Suzuki flied out to right, Betancourt to third. Reed grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Young walked. Hamilton singled to center, Young to second. Bradley singled to right, Young to third, Hamilton to second. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Young scored, Bradley out at second, Hamilton to third. Byrd homered to left, Hamilton and Murphy scored. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Davis singled to right. Laird hit by pitch, Davis to second. Vazquez singled to center, Davis scored, Laird to third. Kinsler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vazquez out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Ibanez flied out to left. Beltre flied out to center. Lopez singled to deep center. LaHair singled to right center, Lopez to second. Cairo reached on infield single to third, Lopez to third, LaHair to second. Burke reached on infield single to third, Lopez scored, LaHair to third, Cairo to second, LaHair scored, Cairo to third, Burke to second on throwing error by third baseman Vazquez. Betancourt singled to left, Cairo scored, Burke to third. Suzuki grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Young struck out swinging. Hamilton singled to left. Bradley doubled to right, Hamilton scored. Murphy grounded out to second. Byrd walked. Davis grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Reed flied out to center. Ibanez safe at first on error by pitcher Mendoza. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ibanez out at second. Lopez fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Laird doubled to deep right. Vazquez singled to center, Laird scored. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to center, Vazquez safe at second on error by shortstop Betancourt. Young struck out swinging. Hamilton grounded out to second, Vazquez to third, Kinsler to second. Bradley grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 6th. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. LaHair singled to right. Cairo singled to right, LaHair to second. LaHair to third, Cairo to second on wild pitch by Mendoza. Burke hit by pitch. Betancourt flied out to center. Wright pitching for Rangers. Suzuki singled to center, LaHair scored, Cairo to third, Burke to second. Reed grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cairo scored, Suzuki out at second, Burke to third, Burke scored on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler. Ibanez walked, Reed to second. Beltre struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Murphy grounded out to second. Byrd flied out to center. Davis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Wright pitching for Rangers. Lopez homered to left. LaHair homered to right. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Cairo lined out to second. Burke popped out to second. Betancourt flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Green pitching for Mariners. Laird singled to center. Vazquez struck out bunting foul. Kinsler grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Laird out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Suzuki struck out swinging. Bloomquist hit for Reed. Bloomquist singled to left. Ibanez struck out swinging. Beltre grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Bloomquist in center field. Green pitching for Mariners. Young grounded out to shortstop. Jimenez pitching for Mariners. Hamilton singled to center. Roberts hit for Bradley. Roberts struck out swinging. Murphy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Lopez singled to right. Johjima hit for LaHair. Johjima hit by pitch, Lopez to second. Washburn ran for Johjima. Cairo sacrificed to catcher, Lopez to third, Washburn to second. Burke reached on infield single to third, Lopez scored, Washburn scored, Burke to third on throwing error by third baseman Vazquez. Burke caught stealing home, catcher to third. Betancourt flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Byrd singled to right. Davis singled to center, Byrd to second. Laird grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Byrd out at third, Davis to second. Vazquez doubled to deep right center, Davis and Laird scored. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 10 - Rangers 11.	Vazquez, Rangers rally in ninth to sneak by M's