Mariners - Top 1st. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Suzuki lined out to right. Betancourt struck out swinging. Ibanez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Silva pitching for Mariners. Arias flied out to left. Young walked. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Young out at second. Bradley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Beltre homered to left. Lopez struck out swinging. Balentien reached on infield single to third. Johjima grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Balentien out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Blalock doubled to deep left center. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blalock out at third. Cruz grounded out to catcher, Byrd to second. Davis singled to center, Byrd scored, Davis to second advancing on throw. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Burke grounded out to shortstop. Cairo lined out to third. Suzuki popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Arias flied out to center. Young singled to center. Hamilton flied out to left. Bradley singled to right, Young to third. Blalock walked, Bradley to second. Byrd popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Betancourt doubled to left. Ibanez grounded out to first, Betancourt to third. Beltre singled to left, Betancourt scored. Lopez flied out to right. Balentien doubled to deep left center, Beltre scored. Johjima grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Cruz singled to left. Cruz caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Davis singled to deep right. Saltalamacchia walked, Davis to second. Arias lined out to right. Young lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Burke flied out to center. Cairo reached on infield single to catcher, Cairo to second on throwing error by catcher Saltalamacchia. Teagarden catching. Suzuki singled to center, Cairo to third. Betancourt hit sacrifice fly to right, Cairo scored. Ibanez flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Hamilton homered to left center. Bradley struck out looking. Blalock doubled to deep left. Byrd grounded out to second, Blalock to third. Cruz walked. Davis singled to right, Blalock scored, Cruz to third. Teagarden homered to center, Cruz and Davis scored. Green pitching for Mariners. Arias lined out to center. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Beltre singled to left center. Lopez reached on infield single to third, Beltre to second. Balentien struck out swinging. Johjima lined out to shortstop. Burke singled to left, Beltre scored, Lopez to second. Loe pitching for Rangers. Cairo struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Green pitching for Mariners. Young singled to center. Hamilton singled to left, Young to second. Bradley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hamilton out at second, Young to third. Blalock flied out to left. Byrd grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Suzuki grounded out to second. Betancourt doubled to deep right. Ibanez singled to center, Betancourt scored. Beltre doubled to deep left, Ibanez to third. Lopez intentionally walked. Reed hit for Balentien. Reed singled to center, Ibanez and Beltre scored, Lopez to second. Johjima reached on infield single to first, Lopez to third, Reed to second. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Burke hit sacrifice fly to center, Lopez scored. Cairo hit by pitch, Reed to third, Johjima to second. Hulett ran for Johjima. Suzuki struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Reed in center field. Green pitching for Mariners. Cruz struck out swinging. Davis flied out to left. Teagarden struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Betancourt homered to left. Ibanez singled to center. Beltre tripled to deep right center, Ibanez scored. Lopez flied out to center. Reed popped out to first. Hulett singled to center, Beltre scored. Burke singled to right, Hulett to third. Wright pitching for Rangers. Cairo hit by pitch, Burke to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cairo out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Green pitching for Mariners. Arias struck out swinging. Young lined out to right. Woods pitching for Mariners. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Madrigal pitching for Rangers. Betancourt grounded out to second. Ibanez popped out to catcher. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Thomas pitching for Mariners. Bradley lined out to center. Blalock flied out to center. Byrd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 12 - Rangers 6.	Beltre hits for cycle, M's win their fourth straight