Astros - Top 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Matsui reached on bunt single to third . Matsui caught stealing second , Matsui safe at second on error by Johnson . Bourn flied out to center , Matsui to third . Berkman doubled to deep center , Matsui scored . Berkman caught stealing third , catcher to third . Lee grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Moehler pitching for Astros . Guzman grounded out to second . Johnson walked . Zimmerman singled to center , Johnson to second . Dunn struck out swinging . Dukes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Pence walked . Keppinger grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pence out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Moehler pitching for Astros . Kearns singled to center . Flores struck out looking . Hernandez singled to center , Kearns to second . Lannan struck out swinging . Guzman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Towles flied out to center . Moehler flied out to center . Matsui walked . Bourn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Moehler pitching for Astros . Johnson flied out to right . Zimmerman singled to left . Dunn flied out to right . Dukes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Berkman grounded out to shortstop . Lee doubled to deep center . Tejada grounded out to third . Pence grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Moehler pitching for Astros . Kearns grounded out to third . Flores doubled to deep center . Hernandez grounded out to third , Flores to third . Lannan grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Keppinger singled to center . Towles singled to center , Keppinger to second . Moehler sacrificed to catcher , Keppinger to third , Towles to second . Matsui doubled to left , Keppinger and Towles scored . Bourn doubled to deep center , Matsui scored , Bourn out stretching at third . Berkman singled to left center . Lee reached on infield single to third , Berkman to second . Tejada lined out to center . 3 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Moehler pitching for Astros . Guzman grounded out to second . Johnson flied out to center . Zimmerman doubled to deep left . Dunn walked . Dukes singled to left , Zimmerman scored , Dunn to second . Kearns singled to right , Dunn scored , Dukes to third . Flores flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Pence grounded out to shortstop . Keppinger grounded out to third . Towles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Wright pitching for Astros . Hernandez walked . Belliard hit for Lannan . Belliard flied out to left . Guzman singled to right , Hernandez to second . Johnson walked , Hernandez to third , Guzman to second . Paulino pitching for Astros . Blum at third base . Zimmerman walked , Hernandez scored , Guzman to third , Johnson to second . Dunn singled to right , Guzman and Johnson scored , Zimmerman to third . Dukes singled to center , Zimmerman scored , Dunn to second . Kearns hit by pitch , Dunn to third , Dukes to second . Flores popped out to second . Hernandez walked , Dunn scored , Dukes to third , Kearns to second . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Belliard flied out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Blum popped out to shortstop . Matsui struck out swinging . Bourn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Guzman singled to center . Johnson lined out to shortstop . Zimmerman doubled to deep right , Guzman scored . Dunn intentionally walked . Dukes singled to center , Zimmerman scored , Dunn to second . Kearns struck out swinging . Flores struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Mock pitching for Nationals . Harris in left field . Berkman flied out to center . Lee singled to center . Tejada fouled out to first . Pence fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Hernandez singled to left . Harris walked , Hernandez to second . Guzman grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Harris out at second , Hernandez to third . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Erstad hit for Fulchino . Mock pitching for Nationals . Erstad grounded out to first . Towles struck out looking . Blum popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 4 - Nationals 9 .	Dunn 's RBI single fuels Nats ' rally by Astros