Astros - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Matsui grounded out to first . Bourn grounded out to second . Berkman singled to shallow center . Lee singled to shallow right , Berkman to third . Tejada doubled to deep right center , Berkman and Lee scored . Pence singled to shallow center , Tejada scored . Pence stole second . Blum lined out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Hampton pitching for Astros . Fowler flied out to right . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Helton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Quintero grounded out to pitcher . Hampton flied out to right . Matsui flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Hampton pitching for Astros . Spilborghs tripled to deep right center . Hawpe singled to center , Spilborghs scored . Atkins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hawpe out at second . Iannetta walked . Stewart homered to right center , Iannetta scored . Marquis grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Bourn flied out to center . Berkman singled to center . Lee singled to right center , Berkman to second . Tejada singled to shallow left , Berkman scored , Lee to second . Pence singled to shallow left , Lee to third , Tejada to second . Blum grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lee scored , Pence out at second , Tejada to third . Quintero singled to shallow right , Tejada scored , Blum to third . Hampton walked , Quintero to second . Matsui popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Hampton pitching for Astros . Fowler singled to left . Tulowitzki popped out to shortstop . Fowler stole second . Fowler safe at third on throwing error by catcher Quintero . Helton walked . Spilborghs struck out looking . Hawpe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Bourn struck out swinging . Berkman walked . Lee flied out to left . Tejada singled to left , Berkman to second . Pence walked , Berkman to third , Tejada to second . Rusch pitching for Rockies . Blum doubled to deep left , Berkman , Tejada and Pence scored . Quintero grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Hampton pitching for Astros . Atkins grounded out to third . Iannetta flied out to right . Stewart flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Rusch pitching for Rockies . Hampton singled to center . Matsui doubled to left , Hampton to third . Bourn reached on infield single to first , Hampton scored , Matsui to third . Berkman singled to shallow left , Matsui scored , Bourn to second . Lee singled to center , Bourn scored , Berkman to second . Tejada flied out to left . Pence flied out to right , Berkman to third . Blum popped out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Hampton pitching for Astros . Rusch struck out looking . Fowler popped out to second . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Rusch pitching for Rockies . Quintero struck out swinging . Hampton reached on infield single to shortstop . Matsui singled to shallow left , Hampton to second . Bourn grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Matsui out at second , Hampton to third . Berkman singled to left , Hampton scored , Bourn to second . Lee struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Hampton pitching for Astros . Helton singled to shallow center . Spilborghs doubled to deep right , Helton to third . Hawpe hit sacrifice fly to center , Helton scored . Atkins struck out swinging . Iannetta doubled to deep right , Spilborghs scored . Stewart grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Barmes at second base . Atkins at first base . Stewart at third base . Rusch pitching for Rockies . Tejada flied out to center . Pence doubled to deep right . Blum doubled to shallow left , Pence scored . Quintero doubled to left , Blum scored . Spilborghs in right field . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Murton in left field . Michaels hit for Hampton . Michaels struck out swinging . Matsui grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Arias pitching for Astros . Michaels in left field . Murton flied out to center . Fowler struck out swinging . Tulowitzki hit by pitch . Quintanilla ran for Tulowitzki . Quintanilla to second on wild pitch by Arias . Barmes singled to center , Quintanilla scored . Spilborghs safe at first on error by pitcher Arias , Barmes to second . Grilli popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 8th . Quintanilla at shortstop . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Bourn reached on infield single to third . Smith hit for Berkman . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bourn out at second . Erstad hit for Arias . Erstad struck out swinging . Keppinger hit for Tejada . Keppinger singled to shallow center , Smith to third . Pence flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Wright pitching for Astros . Smith at second base . Erstad at first base . Keppinger at shortstop . Atkins struck out swinging . Iannetta singled to shallow center . Stewart struck out swinging . Murton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Blum struck out swinging . Quintero grounded out to shortstop . Michaels popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Geary pitching for Astros . Fowler fouled out to left . Quintanilla walked . Barmes singled to shallow center , Quintanilla to second . Spilborghs flied out to right . Smith hit for Corpas . Smith doubled to right , Quintanilla scored , Barmes to third . Atkins walked . Iannetta homered to left center , Barmes , Smith and Atkins scored . Hawkins pitching for Astros . Stewart flied out to right . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 15 - Rockies 11 .	Rockies fall as Berkman leads Astros ' hit parade