Astros - Top 1st . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Bourn flied out to center . Tejada doubled to deep center . Berkman struck out looking . Lee flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Morgan walked . An LaRoche singled to left , Morgan to second . Sanchez singled to center , Morgan scored , An LaRoche to second . Monroe singled to left , An LaRoche scored , Sanchez to second . Hinske singled to center , Sanchez to third , Monroe to second . Young struck out looking . Diaz hit sacrifice fly to left , Sanchez scored , Monroe to third . Wilson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Pence popped out to second . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Keppinger flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Karstens struck out swinging . Morgan struck out looking . An LaRoche lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Maysonet walked . Rodriguez sacrificed to third , Maysonet to second . Bourn flied out to right , Maysonet to third . Tejada doubled to deep right center , Maysonet scored . Berkman flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Monroe flied out to center . Hinske singled to right . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Lee hit ground rule double to deep right . Pence grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded out to second , Lee to third . Keppinger doubled to deep center , Lee scored . Maysonet struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Wilson doubled to deep right center . Karstens struck out looking . Morgan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Bourn bunt grounded out to first . Tejada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . An LaRoche walked . Sanchez singled to right , An LaRoche to second . Monroe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sanchez out at second , An LaRoche to third . Hinske walked . Young singled to shallow left , An LaRoche scored , Hinske to second . Diaz singled to left , Hinske scored , Young to second . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Diaz out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Berkman singled to right . Lee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Berkman out at second . Pence flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Karstens walked . Morgan struck out looking . An LaRoche lined out to third . Sanchez walked , Karstens to second . Monroe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Keppinger struck out swinging . Maysonet singled to right . Erstad hit for Fulchino . Erstad lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Byrdak pitching for Astros . Hinske reached on infield single to first . Young bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Hinske out at second . Diaz grounded into double play , third to second to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Bourn doubled to center . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Berkman grounded out to first , Bourn to third . Lee walked . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lee out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Backe pitching for Astros . Wilson doubled to deep left . Moss hit for Grabow . Moss doubled to deep right , Wilson scored . Morgan grounded out to second , Moss to third . An LaRoche doubled to deep left , Moss scored . Sanchez popped out to second . An LaRoche to third on wild pitch by Backe . Monroe struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Keppinger flied out to right . Maysonet walked . Michaels hit for Backe . Michaels doubled to deep left , Maysonet to third . Bourn walked . Capps pitching for Pirates . Tejada hit by pitch , Maysonet scored , Michaels to third , Bourn to second . Berkman walked , Michaels scored , Bourn to third , Tejada to second . Lee grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 4 - Pirates 7 .	Astros ' rally in 9th not enough as Pirates win