Nationals - Top 1st . Ortiz pitching for Astros . Morgan grounded out to pitcher . Johnson singled to center . Johnson to second on wild pitch by Ortiz . Johnson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Rodriguez . Zimmerman singled to center , Johnson scored . Dunn doubled to deep left , Zimmerman scored . Willingham lined out to left . Guzman struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Bourn grounded out to pitcher . Tejada flied out to right . Berkman reached on infield single to first . Lee singled to center , Berkman to second . Pence singled to left center , Berkman scored , Lee to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Astros . Bard walked . Hernandez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Bard out at second . Lannan doubled to left . Morgan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Blum grounded out to shortstop . Keppinger reached on infield single to third . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Keppinger out at second . Bourn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Astros . Johnson walked . Zimmerman singled to center , Johnson to second . Dunn flied out to right . Willingham hit by pitch , Johnson to third , Zimmerman to second . Guzman popped out to shortstop . Bard singled to center , Johnson and Zimmerman scored , Willingham to second , Bard thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Tejada lined out to pitcher . Berkman walked . Lee doubled to deep right , Berkman to third . Pence grounded out to first , Berkman scored , Lee to third . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Hernandez reached on bunt single to second . Lannan sacrificed to catcher , Hernandez to second . Morgan flied out to left . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Blum doubled to deep center . Keppinger grounded out to third . Kata hit for Fulchino . Kata flied out to center . Bourn reached on infield single to shortstop , Blum to third . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bourn out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Arias pitching for Astros . Zimmerman flied out to center . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham doubled to left . Guzman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Berkman grounded out to first . Lee grounded out to second . Pence singled to center . Pence caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rodriguez batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Arias pitching for Astros . Bard grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez walked . Lannan sacrificed to catcher , Hernandez to second . Morgan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Rodriguez doubled to deep left center . Blum reached on infield single to shortstop , Rodriguez to third . Keppinger tripled to deep center , Rodriguez and Blum scored . Michaels hit for Arias . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Michaels struck out swinging . Bourn tripled to left , Keppinger scored . Tejada singled to left , Bourn scored . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Berkman struck out swinging . Lee grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Byrdak pitching for Astros . Johnson flied out to center . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Dunn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Pence grounded out to first . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Blum struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Sampson pitching for Astros . Willingham struck out looking . Guzman popped out to shortstop . Bard grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . MacDougal pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez at shortstop . Keppinger grounded out to third . Matsui hit for Sampson . Matsui reached on infield single to shortstop . Bourn grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Matsui out at second . Tejada hit by pitch , Bourn to second . Berkman homered to left , Bourn and Tejada scored . Lee singled to left . Pence walked , Lee to second . Rodriguez lined out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Astros . Hernandez struck out swinging . Gonzalez walked . Morgan struck out swinging . Johnson singled to shallow center , Gonzalez to third . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 4 - Astros 9 .	Berkman 's 3 - run homer leads Astros over Nats