Astros - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Bourn grounded out to second . Matsui struck out swinging . Tejada singled to right . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tejada out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Lugo struck out swinging . DeRosa grounded out to shortstop . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Blum grounded out to first . Pence struck out swinging . Coste grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Holliday homered to right . Ludwick struck out swinging . Molina doubled to deep center . Schumaker flied out to left . Rasmus fouled out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Quintero singled to right center , Quintero to second on error by center fielder Rasmus . Rodriguez reached on bunt single to shortstop , Quintero to third . Bourn grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Quintero out at home , Rodriguez to second . Matsui flied out to center . Tejada grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Carpenter struck out swinging . Lugo grounded out to second . DeRosa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Lee homered to left . Blum grounded out to first . Pence grounded out to shortstop . Coste grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Pujols safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada . Holliday singled to left , Pujols to second . Ludwick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols out at third , Holliday to second . Molina struck out swinging . Schumaker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ludwick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Quintero singled to right . Rodriguez bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Quintero out at second . Bourn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . Bourn caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop . Matsui batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Michaels in center field . Rasmus flied out to left . Carpenter struck out swinging . Lugo reached on infield single to shortstop . DeRosa singled to right , Lugo to second , Lugo to third on error by right fielder Pence . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Matsui bunt grounded out to third . Tejada popped out to shortstop . Lee singled to left . Blum singled to right , Lee to third . Pence struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Holliday struck out swinging . Ludwick grounded out to shortstop . Molina singled to center . Molina stole second . Schumaker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Coste struck out swinging . Quintero singled to left . Michaels grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Quintero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Rasmus grounded out to first . Carpenter doubled to left . Carpenter to third on passed ball by Quintero . Lugo hit sacrifice fly to center , Carpenter scored . DeRosa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Kata hit for Fulchino . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Kata struck out swinging . Matsui grounded out to second . Tejada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Valverde pitching for Astros . Pujols flied out to center . Holliday homered to center . Ludwick popped out to second . Molina singled to right . Schumaker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Lee flied out to center . Blum popped out to third . Pence popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 1 - Cardinals 3 .	Holliday connects for two homers in Cards ' win