Brewers - Top 1st . Hampton pitching for Astros . Lopez walked . Cameron singled to left , Lopez to second . Braun flied out to right . Fielder grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cameron out at second , Lopez to third . McGehee singled to center , Lopez scored , Fielder to second . Hall flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Parra pitching for Brewers . Matsui flied out to center . Keppinger struck out looking . Pence walked . Lee singled to left , Pence to third . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lee out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Hampton pitching for Astros . Hardy reached on infield single to shortstop . Rivera singled to left , Hardy to second . Parra sacrificed to third , Hardy to third , Rivera to second . Lopez flied out to right . Cameron walked . Braun singled to left , Hardy and Rivera scored , Cameron to third . Fielder flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Parra pitching for Brewers . Rodriguez doubled to deep center . Michaels grounded out to first , Rodriguez to third . Coste grounded out to second , Rodriguez scored . Kata hit for Hampton . Kata struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Bazardo pitching for Astros . McGehee doubled to left . Hall walked . Hardy walked , McGehee to third , Hall to second . Rivera doubled to left , McGehee , Hall and Hardy scored . Parra sacrificed to third , Rivera to third , Parra safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Bazardo . Rivera scored on throwing error by pitcher Bazardo . Lopez walked . Cameron struck out looking . Braun struck out swinging . Fielder singled to center , Parra scored , Lopez to third . McGehee lined out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Parra pitching for Brewers . Matsui struck out looking . Keppinger singled to left . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Keppinger out at second . Lee grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Wright pitching for Astros . Hall grounded out to second . Hardy walked . Rivera struck out looking . Parra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Parra pitching for Brewers . Tejada lined out to shortstop . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Michaels singled to left . Coste grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Wright pitching for Astros . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Cameron flied out to left . Braun grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Parra pitching for Brewers . Wright safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez . Matsui singled to left , Wright to second . Keppinger walked , Wright to third , Matsui to second . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wright scored , Keppinger out at second , Matsui to third . Lee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pence out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 6th . Wright pitching for Astros . Fielder doubled to deep left . McGehee grounded out to shortstop , Fielder to third . Hall singled to left center , Fielder scored . Hall to second on wild pitch by Wright . Hardy struck out looking . Rivera intentionally walked . Parra grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Parra pitching for Brewers . Tejada flied out to right . Rodriguez singled to left . Michaels singled to right center , Rodriguez to second . Coste singled to left , Rodriguez scored , Michaels to second . Blum hit for Wright . Blum walked , Michaels to third , Coste to second . Vargas pitching for Brewers . Matsui hit sacrifice fly to right , Michaels scored . Keppinger struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Byrdak pitching for Astros . Blum at third base . Lopez walked . Cameron flied out to left . Braun struck out swinging . Fielder homered to left , Lopez scored . McGehee struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Vargas pitching for Brewers . Pence flied out to center . Lee homered to left . Tejada grounded out to third . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Byrdak pitching for Astros . Hall flied out to right . Hardy flied out to center . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Smith pitching for Brewers . Michaels fouled out to first . Coste singled to right . Blum flied out to right . Matsui singled to left , Coste to second . Erstad hit for Byrdak . Erstad popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Arias pitching for Astros . Gerut hit for Smith . Gerut safe at first on error by first baseman Coste . Lopez doubled to deep left center , Gerut scored . Cameron reached on infield single to third , Lopez to third . Braun reached on infield single to third , Cameron to second . Fielder grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Lopez out at home , Cameron to third , Braun to second . McGehee popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 9th . Burns pitching for Brewers . Gerut in center field . Pence grounded out to shortstop . Lee struck out looking . Tejada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 12 - Astros 5 .	Fielder hits 27th HR as Brewers beat up Astros