Twins - Top 1st. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Gomez reached on bunt single to first. Harris struck out swinging, Gomez stole second. Mauer walked. Morneau singled to left, Gomez scored, Mauer to second. Cuddyer popped out to first. Kubel grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Kinsler singled to center. Young grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Kinsler out at second. Hamilton lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Young struck out swinging. Lamb struck out looking. Punto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Blalock lined out to center. Botts flied out to center. Catalanotto singled to right. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Gomez reached on bunt single to third. Harris singled to right, Gomez to third. Mauer walked, Harris to second. Morneau homered to right, Gomez, Harris and Mauer scored. Cuddyer singled to left. Kubel flied out to left. Young flied out to right. Lamb flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Laird reached on infield single to third. Broussard singled to left, Laird to third. Kinsler singled to center, Laird scored, Broussard to second. Young singled to left, Broussard scored, Kinsler to third, Young to second on error by left fielder Young. Hamilton singled to left, Kinsler and Young scored, Hamilton to second advancing on throw. Blalock doubled to right, Hamilton scored. Botts doubled to right, Blalock tagged out at home, Botts tagged out at third. Catalanotto struck out looking. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 4th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Punto struck out swinging. Gomez bunt grounded out to pitcher. Harris struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Monroe in center field. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Murphy singled to center. Laird grounded out to third, Murphy to second. Broussard grounded out to shortstop, Murphy to third. Kinsler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Mauer doubled to deep left. Morneau walked. Cuddyer popped out to second. Kubel flied out to right, Mauer to third. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Young flied out to right. Hamilton flied out to left. Blalock fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Lamb singled to right. Punto grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Lamb out at second. Monroe grounded out to shortstop, Punto to second. Harris struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Botts struck out looking. Catalanotto walked. Murphy doubled to deep right, Catalanotto to third. Laird grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Catalanotto out at home, Murphy to third. Broussard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Mauer singled to center. Morneau lined out to third. Cuddyer flied out to center. Kubel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Kinsler grounded out to second. Young flied out to left. Hamilton doubled to left center. Reyes pitching for Twins. Blalock flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Wright pitching for Rangers. Young grounded out to second. Lamb safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Broussard. Punto lined into double play, second to first, Lamb doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Reyes pitching for Twins. Botts safe at first on error by third baseman Lamb. Catalanotto bunt popped out foul to third. Murphy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Botts out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 9th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Monroe struck out looking. Harris grounded out to shortstop. Mauer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Neshek pitching for Twins. Laird flied out to center. Broussard flied out to left. Kinsler walked. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kinsler out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 10th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Morneau singled to center. Cuddyer popped out to first. Kubel lined out to right. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 10th. Rincon pitching for Twins. Hamilton grounded out to pitcher. Blalock doubled to deep left center. Duran ran for Blalock. Botts walked. Catalanotto struck out looking. Murphy singled to deep left, Duran scored, Botts to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 5 - Rangers 6.	Rangers overcome Mourneau's 5 RBIs to top Twins