Twins - Top 1st. Ponson pitching for Rangers. Tolbert grounded out to first. Harris singled to left. Mauer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harris out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Baker pitching for Twins. Kinsler popped out to shortstop. Young struck out looking. Hamilton singled to left. Bradley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Ponson pitching for Rangers. Morneau walked. Cuddyer grounded into double play, third to second to first, Morneau out at second. Kubel grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Baker pitching for Twins. Murphy struck out looking. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Catalanotto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Ponson pitching for Rangers. Young singled to right. Lamb singled to right, Young to second. Monroe doubled to deep left, Young scored, Lamb to third. Tolbert struck out swinging. Lamb scored, Monroe to third on passed ball by Saltalamacchia. Harris struck out swinging. Mauer lined out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Baker pitching for Twins. Broussard singled to right. Vazquez singled to right, Broussard to third. Kinsler singled to center, Vazquez to second. Young struck out swinging. Hamilton doubled to left, Broussard and Vazquez scored, Kinsler to third. Bradley struck out looking. Murphy singled to center, Kinsler and Hamilton scored. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Ponson pitching for Rangers. Morneau grounded out to second. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Kubel singled to center. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Baker pitching for Twins. Catalanotto flied out to left. Broussard grounded out to first. Vazquez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Ponson pitching for Rangers. Lamb flied out to left. Monroe lined out to shortstop. Tolbert grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Baker pitching for Twins. Kinsler struck out swinging. Young singled to left. Hamilton walked, Young to second. Bradley singled to left, Young to third, Hamilton to second. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Young scored, Bradley out at second, Hamilton to third. Saltalamacchia walked, Murphy to second. Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Ponson pitching for Rangers. Harris doubled to right center. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Harris scored, Mauer to second on throwing error by pitcher Ponson. Morneau grounded out to third. Cuddyer safe at first on error by third baseman Vazquez. Kubel singled to right, Mauer scored, Cuddyer to second. Wright pitching for Rangers. Young walked, Cuddyer to third, Kubel to second. Lamb hit sacrifice fly to left, Cuddyer scored. Monroe reached on infield single to shortstop, Kubel to third, Young to second. Tolbert popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Broussard flied out to right. Vazquez grounded out to second. Kinsler singled to right. Young walked, Kinsler to second. Reyes pitching for Twins. Hamilton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Wright pitching for Rangers. Harris singled to left. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Mauer reached on bunt single to third, Harris to second. Morneau grounded out to pitcher, Harris to third, Mauer to second. Cuddyer intentionally walked. Kubel popped out to shortstop. German pitching for Rangers. Young singled to left, Harris and Mauer scored, Cuddyer to second. Lamb singled to center, Cuddyer scored, Young to second. Monroe struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Reyes pitching for Twins. Bradley walked. Murphy popped out to second. Saltalamacchia singled to right, Bradley to second. Botts hit for Catalanotto. Crain pitching for Twins. Botts struck out swinging. Broussard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Botts in left field. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Tolbert safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Young. Tolbert stole second. Harris sacrificed to first, Tolbert to third. Mauer singled to left, Tolbert scored. Morneau singled to center, Mauer to second. Cuddyer homered to left, Mauer and Morneau scored. Kubel grounded out to second. Young grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Neshek pitching for Twins. Vazquez flied out to left. Kinsler lined out to shortstop. Young walked. Hamilton singled to left, Young to second. Bradley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Lamb doubled to deep left. Monroe lined out to third. Tolbert flied out to center. Harris grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Korecky pitching for Twins. Murphy singled to center. Saltalamacchia walked, Murphy to second. Botts walked, Murphy to third, Saltalamacchia to second. Broussard grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Murphy scored, Botts out at second, Saltalamacchia to third. Vazquez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 12 - Rangers 6.	Cuddyer, Twins end skid, drop stumbling Rangers