Tigers - Top 1st. Perkins pitching for Twins. Renteria flied out to right. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Guillen walked. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Gomez bunt grounded out to third. Casilla reached on infield single to second, Casilla to second on throwing error by second baseman Polanco. Mauer doubled to deep right, Casilla scored. Morneau reached on infield single to second, Mauer to third. Kubel struck out swinging. Young grounded into fielder's choice to second, Morneau out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 2nd. Perkins pitching for Twins. Thames homered to right center. Sheffield singled to center. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Raburn flied out to center. Granderson singled to center, Sheffield to second. Renteria flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Buscher popped out to second. Harris safe at first on error by first baseman Cabrera. Span grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Harris out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 3rd. Perkins pitching for Twins. Polanco singled to left. Guillen flied out to right. Thomas hit for Cabrera. Thomas doubled to deep left, Polanco to third. Thames struck out swinging. Sheffield grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Thomas in left field. Thames at first base. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Gomez lined out to first. Casilla flied out to right. Mauer walked. Morneau singled to left, Mauer to second, Mauer scored, Morneau to second on error by left fielder Thomas. Kubel struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 4th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Rodriguez singled to right. Raburn grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodriguez out at second. Granderson struck out looking. Renteria lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Young grounded out to second. Buscher grounded out to second. Harris lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Polanco flied out to center. Guillen struck out swinging. Thomas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Span flied out to right. Gomez doubled to left. Gomez stole third. Casilla grounded out to shortstop. Mauer reached on infield single to first, Gomez scored. Morneau lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Thames struck out swinging. Sheffield struck out swinging. Rodriguez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Kubel flied out to center. Young flied out to right. Buscher singled to left. Harris singled to center, Buscher to third. Span doubled to right center, Buscher scored, Harris to third. Gomez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Raburn grounded out to third. Granderson singled to center. Crain pitching for Twins. Renteria walked, Granderson to second. Polanco singled to left, Granderson scored, Renteria to third. Reyes pitching for Twins. Guillen singled to left, Renteria scored, Polanco to second. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to second, Guillen out at second, Polanco to third. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Thames struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Casilla reached on bunt single to pitcher. Mauer grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Casilla out at second. Morneau struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Sheffield singled to center. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop, Sheffield to second. Joyce hit for Raburn. Joyce tripled to deep right, Sheffield scored. Granderson singled to center, Joyce scored. Granderson stole second. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Polanco flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Joyce in right field. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Kubel grounded out to shortstop. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Young singled to center. Buscher lined into double play, to shortstop, Young doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Breslow pitching for Twins. Guillen grounded out to third. Thomas struck out looking. Bass pitching for Twins. Thames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Harris grounded out to third. Span singled to right center. Gomez singled to right, Span to second. Casilla flied out to center. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gomez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 5 - Twins 4.	Tigers rally to win sixth straight