Twins - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Mariners. Span grounded out to shortstop. Punto walked. Mauer struck out swinging, Punto stole second. Morneau walked. Lamb doubled to left, Punto scored, Morneau to third. Young grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Perkins pitching for Twins. Suzuki singled to center. Bloomquist flied out to center. Ibanez struck out swinging. Suzuki to second on passed ball by Mauer. Beltre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Mariners. Buscher grounded out to first. Harris struck out swinging. Gomez singled to left center. Span flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Perkins pitching for Twins. Lopez grounded out to third. Vidro singled to right. LaHair grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Vidro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Mariners. Punto homered to right. Mauer singled to center. Morneau walked, Mauer to second. Lamb singled to right, Mauer to third, Morneau to second. Young hit sacrifice fly to right, Mauer scored, Morneau to third, Lamb to second. Buscher hit sacrifice fly to center, Morneau scored. Harris reached on infield single to third, Lamb to third. Gomez flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Perkins pitching for Twins. Johjima grounded out to third. Betancourt flied out to left. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Span doubled to right. Punto walked. Woods pitching for Mariners. Mauer singled to center, Span to third, Punto to second. Morneau doubled to deep left center, Span and Punto scored, Mauer to third. Lamb struck out swinging. Young intentionally walked. Buscher grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Young out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez flied out to center. Beltre singled to left center. Lopez singled to left, Beltre to second. Vidro popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Woods pitching for Mariners. Harris struck out looking. Gomez walked. Span walked, Gomez to second. Punto flied out to center. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Perkins pitching for Twins. LaHair struck out looking. Johjima doubled to left. Betancourt flied out to center. Suzuki singled to left, Johjima to third. Bloomquist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Woods pitching for Mariners. Morneau reached on infield single to shortstop, Morneau to second on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt. Lamb struck out swinging. Young intentionally walked. Buscher struck out swinging. Harris singled to center, Morneau thrown out at home, Young to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Ibanez singled to center. Beltre singled to center, Ibanez to second. Lopez singled to left, Ibanez to third, Beltre to second. Vidro grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Ibanez scored, Lopez out at second, Beltre to third. LaHair flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Gomez grounded out to third. Span grounded out to first. Punto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Johjima grounded out to third. Betancourt singled to left. Suzuki walked, Betancourt to second. Bloomquist singled to right, Betancourt to third, Suzuki to second. Ibanez homered to right, Betancourt, Suzuki and Bloomquist scored. Bass pitching for Twins. Beltre doubled to deep left. Lopez singled to right, Beltre scored. Breslow pitching for Twins. Lopez to second on passed ball by Mauer. Vidro popped out to third. Cairo hit for LaHair. Cairo walked. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Clement hit for Johjima. Clement singled to right, Lopez to third, Cairo to second, Lopez scored, Cairo to third, Clement to second on throwing error by right fielder Span. Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop, Cairo scored, Clement scored, Betancourt to second on throwing error by shortstop Harris. Suzuki intentionally walked. Bloomquist walked, Betancourt to third, Suzuki to second. Ibanez singled to center, Betancourt and Suzuki scored, Bloomquist tagged out at home. 10 Runs, 8 Hits, 2 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Cairo at first base. Clement catching. Jimenez pitching for Mariners. Mauer grounded out to second. Morneau flied out to center. Lamb grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Bonser pitching for Twins. Beltre struck out swinging. Lopez flied out to center. Vidro singled to left. Cairo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vidro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Young grounded out to second. Buscher grounded out to shortstop. Harris grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 6 - Mariners 11.	M's rally to shock Twins