Mariners - Top 1st. Perkins pitching for Twins. Suzuki grounded out to second. Cairo flied out to center. Ibanez doubled to center. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Span singled to center. Punto hit ground rule double to deep left, Span to third. Mauer walked. Morneau singled to right, Span scored, Punto to third, Mauer to second. Young struck out swinging. Kubel doubled to right, Punto and Mauer scored, Morneau to third. Ruiz doubled to deep left, Morneau and Kubel scored. Harris grounded out to second, Ruiz to third. Everett grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Perkins pitching for Twins. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Balentien grounded out to shortstop. Johjima hit ground rule double to deep left. LaHair grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Span singled to left. Punto grounded into double play, third to second to first, Span out at second. Mauer singled to left. Morneau grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Perkins pitching for Twins. Betancourt grounded out to second. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Cairo lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Young grounded out to shortstop. Kubel singled to left. Ruiz grounded out to second, Kubel to second. Harris singled to center, Kubel scored. Everett singled to right center, Harris to third, Everett out stretching at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Ibanez singled to right. Beltre popped out to third. Lopez popped out to second. Balentien grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Dickey pitching for Mariners. Span flied out to left. Punto doubled to left. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Punto out at third. Morneau walked, Mauer to second. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Johjima flied out to center. LaHair grounded out to shortstop. Betancourt singled to left. Suzuki fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Dickey pitching for Mariners. Kubel singled to center. Kubel to second on wild pitch by Dickey. Ruiz singled to left, Kubel to third. Ruiz to second on passed ball by Johjima. Harris struck out looking. Kubel scored, Ruiz to third on wild pitch by Dickey. Ruiz scored on Dickey's wild pitch. Everett walked. Everett to second on wild pitch by Dickey. Span walked. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Punto walked, Everett to third, Span to second. Mauer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Punto out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Cairo flied out to center. Ibanez singled to left. Beltre homered to left, Ibanez scored. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Balentien homered to center. Johjima homered to left. LaHair struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Morneau homered to right center. Young popped out to second. Kubel doubled to deep left. Ruiz walked. Harris walked, Kubel to third, Ruiz to second. Everett hit sacrifice fly to right, Kubel scored. Span flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Bonser pitching for Twins. Betancourt singled to left center. Suzuki singled to center, Betancourt to second. Cairo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Suzuki out at second, Betancourt to third. Ibanez doubled to deep left center, Betancourt scored, Cairo to third. Beltre grounded out to shortstop, Cairo scored. Lopez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Punto walked. Punto stole second. Mauer grounded out to second, Punto to third. Morneau intentionally walked. Young grounded into double play, third to second to first, Morneau out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Balentien grounded out to third. Johjima walked. LaHair doubled to deep left center, Johjima scored. Betancourt walked. Reyes pitching for Twins. Suzuki reached on bunt single to third, LaHair to third, Betancourt to second, LaHair scored on throwing error by third baseman Harris. Cairo struck out swinging. Ibanez reached on infield single to second, Betancourt to third, Suzuki to second. Nathan pitching for Twins. Beltre struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 8th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Kubel flied out to center. Ruiz struck out looking. Harris doubled to deep right. Everett walked. Span doubled to center, Harris scored, Everett to third. Punto struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Span in right field. Gomez in center field. Nathan pitching for Twins. Lopez flied out to center. Balentien doubled to deep right center. Johjima walked. LaHair flied out to center. Clement hit for Betancourt. Clement reached on infield single to second, Balentien to third, Johjima to second. Hulett ran for Clement. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 8 - Twins 11.	Kubel's bat carries Twins