Twins - Top 1st. Garland pitching for Angels. Span grounded out to second. Casilla grounded out to shortstop. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Figgins singled to center. Aybar flied out to center. Teixeira singled to left center, Figgins to third. Guerrero grounded into double play, third to second to first, Teixeira out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Garland pitching for Angels. Morneau flied out to center. Kubel grounded out to first. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Hunter reached on bunt single to third. Anderson popped out to shortstop. Rivera flied out to right. Kendrick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Garland pitching for Angels. Buscher struck out swinging. Punto flied out to center. Gomez reached on infield single to shortstop. Span lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Napoli safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Buscher. Figgins singled to center, Napoli to second. Aybar sacrificed to third, Napoli to third, Figgins to second. Teixeira intentionally walked. Guerrero doubled to deep center, Napoli and Figgins scored, Teixeira to third. Hunter safe at first on error by third baseman Buscher, Teixeira scored, Guerrero to third. Anderson hit sacrifice fly to center, Guerrero scored. Rivera flied out to center. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Garland pitching for Angels. Casilla homered to right. Mauer flied out to center. Morneau flied out to left. Kubel singled to right center. Young grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Kendrick grounded out to pitcher. Napoli walked. Figgins singled to left, Napoli to second. Aybar singled to center, Napoli scored, Figgins to third. Teixeira singled to right, Figgins scored, Aybar to third. Guerrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Teixeira out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Garland pitching for Angels. Buscher singled to center. Punto singled to center, Buscher to second. Gomez hit by pitch, Buscher to third, Punto to second. Span hit sacrifice fly to center, Buscher scored, Punto to third. Casilla walked, Gomez to second. Mauer singled to left center, Punto and Gomez scored, Casilla to third, Mauer to second advancing on throw. Oliver pitching for Angels. Morneau grounded out to first, Casilla scored, Mauer to third. Kubel grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Hunter lined out to left. Anderson flied out to right. Rivera singled to center. Kendrick singled to right, Rivera to second. Bonser pitching for Twins. Napoli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Young popped out to second. Buscher struck out looking. Punto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Bonser pitching for Twins. Figgins struck out swinging. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira homered to right. Guerrero popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Gomez reached on infield single to shortstop. Span flied out to center. Casilla fouled out to first. Mauer popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Bonser pitching for Twins. Hunter grounded out to third. Anderson walked. Rivera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Anderson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Morneau flied out to center. Kubel flied out to center. Young grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Bonser pitching for Twins. Kendrick singled to left. Napoli sacrificed to pitcher, Kendrick to second. Breslow pitching for Twins. Breslow pitching for Twins. Breslow pitching for Twins. Breslow pitching for Twins. Kendrick caught stealing third, catcher to third. Figgins struck out looking. Breslow pitching for Twins. Breslow pitching for Twins. Breslow pitching for Twins. Breslow pitching for Twins. Kendrick caught stealing third, catcher to third. Figgins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Buscher popped out to shortstop. Punto singled to center. Lamb hit for Gomez. Punto to second on fielder's indifference. Lamb struck out swinging. Span struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 5 - Angels 7.	Teixeira's day helps Angels end Twins' run