Rockies - Top 1st . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Dahl walked . Story struck out swinging . Blackmon walked , Dahl to second . Arenado grounded out to third , Blackmon to second , Dahl to third . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Semien singled to left . Laureano struck out swinging . Chapman singled to center , Semien to second . Olson struck out swinging . Canha walked , Chapman to second , Semien to third . Davis popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Mengden pitching for Athletics . McMahon struck out swinging . Tapia struck out swinging . Hilliard doubled to deep left . Wolters popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Grossman grounded out to second . Pinder grounded out to shortstop . Allen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Dahl grounded out to shortstop . Story singled to left . Blackmon singled to right , Story to third . Arenado hit sacrifice fly to left , Story scored , Blackmon to second . Murphy flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Semien flied out to left . Laureano singled to right . Chapman walked , Laureano to second . Olson walked , Chapman to second , Laureano to third . Canha hit sacrifice fly to center , Laureano scored . Davis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Mengden pitching for Athletics . McMahon grounded out to shortstop . Tapia singled to shallow right center . Hilliard homered to right ( 398 feet ) , Tapia scored . Wolters grounded out to first . Dahl flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Grossman singled to right center . Pinder flied out to right . Allen flied out to left . Semien flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Weems pitching for Athletics . Story struck out looking . Blackmon reached on bunt single to third . Arenado singled to left center , Blackmon to third . Murphy singled to shallow right , Blackmon scored , Arenado to second . McMahon reached on infield single to first , Murphy to second , Arenado to third . Tapia hit sacrifice fly to center , Arenado scored . Hilliard struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Laureano singled to right center . Chapman popped out to second . Olson singled to right center , Laureano to third . Canha grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Laureano scored on error , Olson to second . Davis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Canha out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . Weems pitching for Athletics . Wolters lined out to shortstop . Dahl popped out to shortstop . Story flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Kinley pitching for Rockies . Grossman struck out swinging . Pinder grounded out to shortstop . Allen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Weems pitching for Athletics . Blackmon grounded out to first . Arenado flied out to center . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Bard pitching for Rockies . Semien grounded out to third . Laureano grounded out to shortstop . Chapman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Trivino pitching for Athletics . McMahon walked . Tapia singled to left , McMahon to second . Hilliard struck out swinging . Wolters doubled to right , McMahon scored , Tapia to third . Dahl doubled to deep right , Tapia scored and Wolters scored . Story popped out to shortstop . Blackmon grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Bard pitching for Rockies . Olson singled to left center . Canha reached on infield single to catcher , Olson to second . Canha to second on wild pitch by Bard , Olson to third on wild pitch by Bard . Davis struck out swinging . Grossman grounded out to second , Olson scored , Canha to third . Pinder flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Wendelken pitching for Athletics . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . Murphy struck out , Murphy to first on wild pitch by Wendelken . McMahon doubled to right , Murphy to third . Tapia struck out swinging . Hilliard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Allen fouled out to catcher . Semien struck out swinging . Laureano grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 8 - Athletics 3 .	Rockies keep rolling behind Hilliard , Senzatela to beat A 's