Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Calhoun singled to center . Marte singled to shallow left center , Calhoun to third . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Calhoun scored , Marte out at second . Peralta grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Marte out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Hampson struck out looking . Story flied out to right . Blackmon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Walker flied out to center . Escobar struck out swinging . Vogt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado homered to left center ( 426 feet ) . Dahl grounded out to pitcher . Owings grounded out to third . Tapia singled to left . McMahon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Hampson at second base . Hilliard in center field . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Lamb struck out swinging . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Calhoun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Díaz grounded out to third . Hampson singled to right . Story singled to center , Hampson to third . Blackmon grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Story to second , Hampson out at home . Arenado flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Marte struck out swinging . Marte homered to left ( 447 feet ) . Peralta grounded out to third . Walker singled to right . Escobar grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Dahl struck out swinging . Hilliard walked . Tapia singled to right , Hilliard to third . McMahon homered to left ( 400 feet ) , Hilliard scored and Tapia scored . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Díaz singled to right . Hampson singled to left center , Díaz to second . Story flied out to center . Blackmon grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Vogt doubled to center . Lamb grounded out to first , Vogt to third . Ahmed singled to left center , Vogt scored . Calhoun grounded out to second , Ahmed to second . Marte singled to right , Ahmed scored , Marte to second . Marte reached on infield single to shortstop , Marte scored . Peralta lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado homered to left center ( 441 feet ) . Dahl struck out swinging . Hilliard popped out to pitcher . Tapia walked . McMahon singled to shallow center , Tapia to second . Díaz flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Walker doubled to left . Escobar lined out to center , Walker to third . Vogt grounded out to second . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks . Hampson struck out swinging . Story doubled to left . Blackmon walked . Arenado fouled out to shortstop . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Dahl flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Kinley pitching for Rockies . Ahmed singled to center . Calhoun singled to right , Ahmed to third . Calhoun to second on wild pitch by Kinley . Marte walked . Marte reached on infield single to pitcher , Ahmed scored , Marte to second , Calhoun to third . Peralta doubled to deep right center , Calhoun scored , Marte scored and Marte scored . Almonte pitching for Rockies . Walker grounded out to third . Escobar singled to left , Peralta scored , Escobar to second . Vogt lined out to center . Escobar scored , Lamb safe at first on fielding error by first baseman McMahon . Ahmed doubled to deep center , Lamb scored . Calhoun reached on infield single to pitcher , Ahmed scored . Marte lined out to third . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hilliard singled to center . Tapia struck out swinging . McMahon struck out looking . Rondón pitching for Diamondbacks . Díaz grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Harvey pitching for Rockies . Marte flied out to center . Peralta singled to right . Walker singled to left , Peralta to second . Escobar flied out to center . Vogt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Rondon pitching for Diamondbacks . Hampson tripled to deep center . Story doubled to center , Hampson scored . Guerra pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon struck out swinging . Arenado doubled to left , Story scored . Dahl hit by pitch . Hilliard popped out to second . Tapia walked , Dahl to second , Arenado to third . McMahon struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Pazos pitching for Rockies . Lamb lined out to center . Ahmed walked . Calhoun grounded into double play , first to third to pitcher , Ahmed out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Díaz struck out looking . Hampson singled to deep right . Story grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hampson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 13 - Rockies 7 .	Dbacks bop Rockies 13 - 7 ; Blackmon hitless , drops under .500