Rangers - Top 1st . Gray pitching for Rockies . Choo struck out swinging . Solak struck out swinging . Calhoun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Allard pitching for Rangers . Hampson struck out swinging . Story struck out swinging . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Gallo struck out swinging . Frazier doubled to deep center . Odor homered to right ( 376 feet ) , Frazier scored . Dietrich lined out to left . Andrus lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Allard pitching for Rangers . Arenado singled to left . Murphy popped out to third . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Arenado out at second . Tapia singled to left center , Kemp to second . McMahon homered to center ( 451 feet ) , Kemp scored and Tapia scored . Butera walked . Hampson singled to deep center , Butera to third . Story reached on infield single to second , Butera scored , Hampson to third . Blackmon reached on infield single to first , Hampson scored , Blackmon thrown out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Mathis grounded out to third . Choo walked . Solak grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Allard pitching for Rangers . Arenado struck out swinging . Murphy lined out to center . Kemp singled to right center . Tapia tripled to deep left center , Kemp scored . McMahon fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Calhoun struck out swinging . Gallo homered to right ( 448 feet ) . Frazier popped out to catcher . Odor grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Nicasio pitching for Rangers . Butera struck out swinging . Hampson reached on infield single to catcher . Story doubled to center , Hampson scored on error , Story safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Odor . Blackmon doubled to deep right , Story scored . Arenado flied out to right . Murphy flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 5th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Dietrich lined out to shortstop . Andrus popped out to second . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Benjamin pitching for Rangers . Kemp singled to center . Tapia singled to center , Kemp to second . McMahon popped out to shortstop . Butera doubled to left , Tapia scored and Kemp scored . Hampson struck out swinging . Story struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Choo lined out to right . Solak struck out swinging . Calhoun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Blackmon walked . Arenado flied out to left . Murphy popped out to second . Kemp grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Gallo grounded out to second . Frazier walked . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Frazier out at second . Dietrich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Chavez pitching for Rangers . Tapia grounded out to catcher . McMahon grounded out to second . Butera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Bard pitching for Rockies . Andrus doubled to deep right . Mathis struck out swinging . Santana hit for Choo . Santana singled to center , Andrus scored . Heineman hit for Solak . Heineman walked , Santana to second . Calhoun grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Heineman out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Santana as designated hitter . Heineman in center field . Refsnyder in right field . Herget pitching for Rangers . Hampson lined out to right . Story flied out to center . Blackmon walked . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blackmon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Díaz pitching for Rockies . Refsnyder grounded out to shortstop . Frazier doubled to deep center . Odor walked . Dietrich safe at first on fielding error by second baseman McMahon , Odor to second , Frazier to third . Andrus struck out looking . Kiner - Falefa hit for Mathis . Kiner - Falefa walked , Frazier scored , Dietrich to second , Odor to third . Santana walked , Odor scored , Kiner - Falefa to second , Dietrich to third . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Heineman lined out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 6 - Rockies 10 .	Gray strikes out 7 as Rockies beat Rangers 10 - 6