Rockies - Top 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia struck out swinging . Fuentes struck out looking . Blackmon popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Locastro singled to center . Marte doubled to shallow left , Locastro to third . Walker walked . Calhoun singled to center , Locastro scored , Walker to second , Marte to third . Escobar struck out swinging . Ahmed grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Marte scored , Calhoun out at second , Walker to third . Varsho struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Story grounded out to third . Díaz grounded out to third . McMahon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Mathisen singled to right . Kelly flied into double play , center to shortstop , Mathisen thrown out at second . Locastro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Hampson flied out to center . Hilliard struck out looking . Wolters singled to right . Tapia doubled to left , Wolters to third . Fuentes popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Marte walked . Walker flied out to center . Calhoun homered to right center ( 438 feet ) , Marte scored . Escobar doubled to right . Ahmed doubled to deep center , Escobar scored . Ahmed to third on passed ball by Wolters . Varsho grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ahmed scored . Mathisen singled to right , Varsho to second . Goudeau pitching for Rockies . Kelly hit by pitch , Mathisen to second , Varsho to third . Locastro flied out to right . Marte popped out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Bumgarner . Story struck out swinging . Díaz flied out to center . McMahon grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Goudeau pitching for Rockies . Walker grounded out to third . Calhoun grounded out to first . Escobar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Hampson grounded out to third . Hilliard grounded out to second . Wolters hit by pitch . Tapia lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Goudeau pitching for Rockies . Ahmed singled to left . Varsho lined into double play , pitcher to first , Ahmed doubled off first . Mathisen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Fuentes struck out swinging . Blackmon struck out swinging . Story lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Goudeau pitching for Rockies . Kelly singled to center . Locastro doubled to deep left , Kelly to third . Marte hit sacrifice fly to left , Kelly scored . Walker reached on infield single to third , Locastro to third . Calhoun struck out swinging . Walker caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ashton Goudeau pitches to Eduardo Escobar . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Díaz flied out to center . McMahon grounded out to first . Hampson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Fuentes at third base . Butera at first base . McMahon at second base . Hampson in center field . Hilliard in right field . Doyle pitching for Rockies . Escobar lined out to third . Ahmed walked . Varsho walked , Ahmed to second . Mathisen walked , Varsho to second , Ahmed to third . Kelly doubled to left , Ahmed scored and Varsho scored , Mathisen to third . Mujica pitching for Rockies . Locastro popped out to second . Marte singled to deep center , Mathisen scored and Kelly scored . VanMeter ran for Marte . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , VanMeter out at second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . VanMeter at second base . López pitching for Diamondbacks . Hilliard tripled to right . Wolters singled to right , Hilliard scored . Tapia doubled to left , Wolters scored on fielding error by left fielder Locastro . Fuentes doubled to shallow left , Tapia scored . Butera safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Mathisen . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Story grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Butera out at second , Fuentes to third . Díaz grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Story out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Mujica pitching for Rockies . Calhoun lined out to third . Escobar singled to left center . Ahmed grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Locastro in right field . Smith in left field . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . McMahon struck out swinging . Hampson struck out looking . Hilliard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 3 - Diamondbacks 11 .	Bumgarner gets 1st win in final start for D - backs , 11 - 3