Phillies - Top 1st . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . McCutchen walked . Segura singled to left , McCutchen to second . Harper singled to center , Segura to second , McCutchen to third . Hoskins struck out swinging . Realmuto grounded into double play , second to first , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Granderson grounded out to first . Anderson singled to right . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Anderson out at second . Castro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Herrera struck out swinging . Hernández grounded out to first . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Alfaro singled to right center . Rojas grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Alfaro out at second . Dean flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Arrieta lined out to first . McCutchen singled to right . Segura singled to left center , McCutchen to third . Harper singled to right center , McCutchen scored , Segura to third . Hoskins doubled to deep left , Segura scored , Harper to third . Realmuto singled to right , Harper scored , Hoskins to third . Herrera doubled to deep right , Hoskins scored and Realmuto scored . Hernández grounded out to second , Herrera to third . Franco intentionally walked . Arrieta flied out to right . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Herrera lined out to shortstop . Alcantara grounded out to pitcher . Granderson singled to center . Anderson walked , Granderson to second . Walker flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . McCutchen struck out swinging . Segura doubled to deep right . Harper struck out looking . Hoskins popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Castro struck out swinging . Alfaro struck out swinging . Rojas hit by pitch . Dean struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Realmuto singled to right . Herrera grounded out to pitcher , Realmuto to third . Hernández singled to right , Realmuto scored . Franco flied out to left . Arrieta struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Herrera flied out to center . Brinson hit for Alcantara . Brinson struck out swinging . Granderson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Brice pitching for Marlins . Herrera in left field . Brinson in center field . McCutchen singled to right . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McCutchen out at second . Harper lined out to left . Hoskins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Anderson struck out swinging . Walker grounded out to first . Castro popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Brice pitching for Marlins . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . Hernández flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Alfaro singled to center . Rojas doubled to deep left , Alfaro to third . Dean hit sacrifice fly to left , Alfaro scored , Rojas to third . Herrera struck out looking . Brinson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Brice pitching for Marlins . Franco reached on infield single to second , Franco safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Castro . Williams hit for Arrieta . Williams hit by pitch . Williams to second on wild pitch by Brice , Franco to third on wild pitch by Brice . McCutchen homered to center ( 401 feet ) , Franco scored and Williams scored . Segura grounded out to third . Harper struck out swinging . Hoskins walked . Realmuto struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Riddle hit for Brice . Altherr in right field . Arano pitching for Phillies . Kingery at shortstop . Riddle lined out to right . Anderson walked . Walker grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Kinley pitching for Marlins . Herrera popped out to third . Hernández grounded out to first . Franco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Arano pitching for Phillies . Castro grounded out to third . Alfaro struck out swinging . Rojas lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 9 - Marlins 1 .	Arrieta earns 100th win as Phillies beat Marlins 9 - 1