Phillies - Top 1st . Freeland pitching for Rockies . McCutchen grounded out to second . Kingery struck out swinging . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Blackmon grounded out to third . Dahl walked . Dahl caught stealing second , catcher to second . Arenado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Hoskins struck out swinging . Realmuto fouled out to first . Quinn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Story flied out to center . McMahon singled to center . Tapia walked , McMahon to second . Hampson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tapia to second , McMahon out at third . Wolters grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Hernández struck out looking . Franco flied out to right . Eflin singled to right . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Eflin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Freeland grounded out to shortstop . Blackmon walked . Dahl grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Blackmon out at second . Arenado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Kingery lined out to center . Harper grounded out to shortstop . Hoskins grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Story flied out to right . McMahon flied out to right . Tapia singled to shallow center . Hampson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tapia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Realmuto lined out to shortstop . Quinn struck out looking . Hernández reached on infield single to catcher . Franco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernández out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Wolters singled to right . Freeland bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Wolters out at second . Blackmon reached on bunt single to third , Freeland to second . Dahl grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blackmon out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Eflin struck out swinging . McCutchen grounded out to third . Kingery grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Arenado safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Kingery . Story singled to center , Arenado to second . McMahon homered to right center ( 412 feet ) , Arenado scored and Story scored . Tapia struck out swinging . Hampson grounded out to shortstop . Wolters singled to left . Reynolds hit for Freeland . Reynolds struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Harper grounded out to second . Hoskins hit by pitch . Realmuto homered to right ( 387 feet ) , Hoskins scored . Quinn struck out swinging . Hernández singled to left . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Hernández to second on wild pitch by Oberg . Franco grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Álvarez pitching for Phillies . Blackmon struck out swinging . Dahl doubled to deep right . Arano pitching for Phillies . Arenado singled to center , Dahl to third . Story hit sacrifice fly to center , Dahl scored . McMahon homered to right center ( 416 feet ) , Arenado scored . Tapia walked . Tapia caught stealing second , catcher to second . Victor Arano pitches to Garrett Hampson . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Williams hit for Arano . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Williams walked . McCutchen struck out swinging . Kingery flied out to right . Harper walked , Williams to second . Hoskins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Nicasio pitching for Phillies . Hampson grounded out to pitcher . Wolters singled to right . Desmond hit for Oberg . Desmond flied out to right . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Davis pitching for Rockies . Realmuto struck out swinging . Quinn struck out swinging . Hernández singled to shallow left . Hernández to second on fielder 's indifference . Hernández to second on fielder 's indifference . Hernández to third on wild pitch by Davis . Franco grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 2 - Rockies 6 .	McMahon homers twice , Rockies beat Phillies 6 - 2