Rockies - Top 1st . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Blackmon homered to center ( 416 feet ) . Story popped out to first . Dahl hit by pitch . Arenado safe at first on error by first baseman Hoskins , Dahl to second . Tapia struck out swinging . Murphy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Freeland pitching for Rockies . McCutchen walked . Segura struck out looking . Harper singled to shallow center , McCutchen to second . Hoskins lined out to shortstop , Harper safe at second on error by second baseman McMahon , McCutchen safe at third on error by second baseman McMahon . Hernández flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 2nd . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . McMahon flied out to left . Iannetta singled to left . Freeland sacrificed to first , Iannetta to second . Blackmon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Franco singled to left . Kingery singled to left , Franco to second . Knapp walked , Kingery to second , Franco to third . Eickhoff struck out swinging . McCutchen singled to deep left center , Franco scored and Kingery scored , Knapp to second . Segura walked , McCutchen to second , Knapp to third . Harper grounded out to first , Knapp scored , Segura to second , McCutchen to third . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Hoskins popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Story struck out swinging . Dahl grounded out to first . Arenado grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Hernández singled to right . Franco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hernández out at second . Kingery grounded out to third , Franco to second . Knapp intentionally walked . Eickhoff grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Knapp out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Tapia lined out to left . Murphy struck out swinging . McMahon homered to left ( 375 feet ) . Iannetta flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . McCutchen singled to right center . Segura struck out swinging . Harper grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , McCutchen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Bettis walked . Blackmon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bettis out at second in rundown . Story homered to left ( 399 feet ) , Blackmon scored . Dahl struck out looking . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Hoskins lined out to center . Hernández walked . Shaw pitching for Rockies . Franco struck out swinging . Kingery struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Álvarez pitching for Phillies . Tapia grounded out to shortstop . Murphy lined out to third . McMahon homered to center ( 437 feet ) . Garcia pitching for Phillies . Iannetta flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Shaw pitching for Rockies . Knapp walked . Realmuto hit for Garcia . Realmuto homered to left ( 412 feet ) , Knapp scored . McCutchen grounded out to first . Segura singled to right . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Harper homered to center ( 404 feet ) , Segura scored . Hoskins popped out to shortstop . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Nicasio pitching for Phillies . Desmond hit for Dunn . Desmond hit by pitch . Blackmon struck out swinging . Story struck out swinging . Dahl singled to left , Desmond to second . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dahl out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Almonte pitching for Rockies . Franco flied out to right . Kingery walked . Kingery stole second . Knapp struck out swinging . Herrera hit for Nicasio . Herrera lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Tapia flied out to left . Murphy struck out swinging . McMahon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Almonte pitching for Rockies . McCutchen flied out to center . Segura grounded out to second . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Neshek pitching for Phillies . Iannetta grounded out to pitcher . Reynolds hit for Almonte . Reynolds flied out to right . Blackmon singled to deep center . Story grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Phillies 7 .	Harper , Realmuto power Phillies past Rockies 7 - 5 for sweep