Cardinals - Top 1st . Nola pitching for Phillies . Fowler struck out swinging . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop . DeJong grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goldschmidt out at second . Ozuna flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Cabrera pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen walked . Segura struck out looking . Harper singled to left , McCutchen to second . Hoskins safe at first on error by right fielder Fowler , Harper safe at second on error by right fielder Fowler , McCutchen safe at third on error by right fielder Fowler . Realmuto struck out swinging . Hernández singled to right , Harper scored and McCutchen scored , Hernández to second , Hoskins out at home . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Carpenter walked . Wieters walked , Carpenter to second . Muñoz grounded out to second , Wieters to second , Carpenter to third . Bader struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Cardinals . Kingery struck out swinging . Franco struck out swinging . Nola struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Fowler grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt walked . DeJong grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DeJong safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Hernández , Goldschmidt out at second . Ozuna grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen walked . Segura flied out to right . Harper homered to center ( 407 feet ) , McCutchen scored . Hoskins doubled to left . Realmuto popped out to second . Hernández flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Carpenter struck out looking . Wieters homered to right ( 381 feet ) . Muñoz struck out swinging . Bader struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Cabrera pitching for Cardinals . Kingery singled to left . Franco flied out to center . Nola sacrificed to first , Kingery to second . Fowler in center field . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Martínez in right field . McCutchen walked . Segura singled to left , McCutchen to second , Kingery to third . Harper doubled to center , Kingery scored and McCutchen scored , Segura to third . Hoskins struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Martínez grounded out to third . Fowler lined out to right . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Realmuto walked . Hernández flied out to left . Kingery homered to left center ( 394 feet ) , Realmuto scored . Franco homered to left center ( 432 feet ) . Nola walked . McCutchen homered to left ( 389 feet ) , Nola scored . Segura struck out swinging . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Carpenter at first base . Gyorko at third base . Harper lined out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Williams in right field . Nola pitching for Phillies . DeJong grounded out to third . Ozuna doubled to deep center . Carpenter struck out swinging . Wieters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Hoskins singled to right center . Realmuto struck out looking . Hernández doubled to left , Hoskins to third . Kingery flied out to left . Franco intentionally walked . Nola grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Muñoz grounded out to third . Gyorko fouled out to first . Martínez singled to center . Fowler lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Gosselin hit for McCutchen . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Gosselin walked . Rodríguez hit for Segura . Rodríguez walked , Gosselin to second . Williams struck out swinging . Knapp hit for Hoskins . Knapp lined out to center , Gosselin to third . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Realmuto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Gosselin in left field . Rodríguez at shortstop . Knapp catching . Realmuto at first base . Nicasio pitching for Phillies . Brebbia singled to left . DeJong reached on infield single to first , Brebbia to second . Ozuna singled to left center , Brebbia scored , DeJong to second . Carpenter struck out swinging . Wieters doubled to deep center , DeJong scored , Ozuna to third . Muñoz grounded out to shortstop , Ozuna scored . Gyorko grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Hernández flied out to right . Kingery struck out swinging . Franco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Hammer pitching for Phillies . Martínez struck out swinging . Fowler struck out swinging . Wong hit for Brebbia . Wong popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Phillies 11 .	Harper leads homer - happy Phillies past Cardinals 11 - 4