Dodgers - Top 1st . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Pederson struck out looking . Verdugo grounded out to pitcher . Turner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Kingery struck out swinging . Segura struck out swinging . Harper singled to center . Harper to second on wild pitch by Kershaw . Harper to third on wild pitch by Kershaw . Hoskins walked . Realmuto walked , Hoskins to second . Bruce flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Bellinger struck out swinging . Muncy flied out to center . Seager flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Franco fouled out to first . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Eflin grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Hernández struck out looking . Barnes flied out to right . Kershaw safe at first on error by pitcher Eflin . Pederson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Kingery homered to left ( 415 feet ) . Segura grounded out to second . Harper doubled to right . Hoskins reached first base on catcher 's interference , Hoskins to first on error by catcher Barnes . Realmuto safe at first on error by shortstop Seager , Hoskins to second , Harper to third . Bruce struck out swinging . Franco grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Verdugo singled to center . Turner doubled to deep left center , Verdugo scored . Bellinger grounded out to second , Turner to third . Muncy reached on infield single to third , Turner scored . Seager walked , Muncy to second . Hernández singled to left center , Muncy scored , Seager to third . Barnes reached on bunt single to catcher , Seager scored , Hernández to second . Kershaw sacrificed to pitcher , Barnes to second , Hernández to third . Pederson reached on infield single to pitcher , Hernández scored , Barnes to third . Barnes scored , Pederson stole second . Verdugo struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Hernández struck out looking . Eflin lined out to center . Kingery struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Turner grounded out to shortstop . Bellinger homered to right ( 349 feet ) . Muncy popped out to third . Seager doubled to shallow left . Hernández lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Segura grounded out to third . Harper grounded out to second . Hoskins singled to left . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hoskins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Barnes singled to left center . Kershaw sacrificed to first , Barnes to second . Pederson grounded out to second , Barnes to third . Verdugo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Bruce struck out swinging . Franco struck out swinging . Hernández grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Ramos pitching for Phillies . Turner lined out to right . Bellinger homered to center ( 408 feet ) . Muncy homered to right center ( 407 feet ) . Seager flied out to left . Hernández walked . Hernández to second on passed ball by Realmuto . Barnes fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . García pitching for Dodgers . Haseley hit for Ramos . Beaty at first base . Haseley doubled to left . Kingery flied out to center , Haseley to third . Segura lined out to first . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Rios pitching for Phillies . Haseley in right field . Beaty doubled to deep center . Pederson doubled to right , Beaty scored . Verdugo homered to right ( 381 feet ) , Pederson scored . Turner hit by pitch . Garcia pitching for Phillies . Bellinger singled to right , Turner to second . García struck out looking . Seager walked , Bellinger to second , Turner to third . Hernández walked , Turner scored , Seager to second , Bellinger to third . Barnes hit sacrifice fly to right , Bellinger scored , Seager to third . Beaty walked , Hernández to second . Quinn pitching for Phillies . Knapp catching . Miller in left field . Pederson flied out to left . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Sadler pitching for Dodgers . Hoskins tripled to right . Knapp hit by pitch . Miller struck out swinging . Franco hit sacrifice fly to center , Hoskins scored . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Knapp out at second in rundown . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Quinn pitching for Phillies . Verdugo singled to center . Turner popped out to second . Bellinger reached on infield single to first , Verdugo to second . Sadler struck out looking . Seager singled to deep center , Verdugo scored , Bellinger to second . Hernández doubled to left , Bellinger scored , Seager to third . Barnes flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Sadler pitching for Dodgers . Haseley grounded out to shortstop . Kingery singled to left . Segura grounded out to shortstop , Kingery to second . Quinn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 16 - Phillies 2 .	Cody Bellinger hits 2 homers , Dodgers rout Phillies 16 - 2