Phillies - Top 1st . Lyles pitching for Pirates . Kingery singled to center . Segura struck out swinging . Harper doubled to right , Kingery to third . Hoskins walked . Realmuto struck out swinging . Hernández flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Frazier grounded out to second . Reynolds singled to right . Reynolds stole second . Marte grounded out to third . Bell popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Lyles pitching for Pirates . Franco struck out swinging . Haseley struck out swinging . Arrieta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Moran struck out looking . Dickerson singled to right . Newman struck out looking , Dickerson stole second . Díaz singled to center , Dickerson scored . Lyles struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Lyles pitching for Pirates . Kingery flied out to left . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Harper grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Frazier struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded out to first . Marte grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Lyles pitching for Pirates . Hoskins grounded out to shortstop . Realmuto doubled to deep right . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Realmuto out at third in rundown . Franco flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Bell flied out to left . Moran singled to left , Moran thrown out at second . Dickerson singled to left . Newman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dickerson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Lyles pitching for Pirates . Haseley homered to center ( 402 feet ) . Arrieta flied out to left . Kingery reached on infield single to third . Segura grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kingery out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Díaz grounded out to pitcher . Lyles grounded out to pitcher . Frazier grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Lyles pitching for Pirates . Harper struck out swinging . Hoskins struck out swinging . Realmuto singled to center . Hernández reached on infield single to first , Realmuto to third . Rodríguez pitching for Pirates . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Reynolds flied out to left . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Bell walked . Moran doubled to deep right center , Bell to third . Dickerson intentionally walked . Nicasio pitching for Phillies . Newman grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Pirates . Haseley flied out to center . Miller hit for Nicasio . Miller singled to center . Kingery walked , Miller to second . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kingery out at second , Miller to third . Harper singled to center , Miller scored , Segura to second . Hoskins walked , Harper to second , Segura to third . Realmuto flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Álvarez pitching for Phillies . Díaz popped out to shortstop . Osuna hit for Rodríguez . Osuna grounded out to pitcher . Frazier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Crick pitching for Pirates . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Franco walked . Haseley lined out to center . Williams hit for Álvarez . Williams singled to center , Franco to second . Kingery walked , Williams to second , Franco to third . Segura reached on infield single to first , Franco scored , Kingery to second , Williams to third . Holmes pitching for Pirates . Harper grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Irvin pitching for Phillies . Reynolds struck out swinging . Marte lined out to left . Bell grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Holmes pitching for Pirates . Hoskins flied out to left . Realmuto singled to left center . Hernández singled to center , Realmuto to third . Franco reached on infield single to third , Realmuto scored on throwing error by pitcher Holmes , Franco safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Holmes , Hernández to second , Hernández safe at third . Hernández scored on Holmes wild pitch , Franco to third on wild pitch by Holmes . Haseley doubled to deep right , Franco scored . Irvin struck out looking . Kingery popped out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Kang hit for Moran . Irvin pitching for Phillies . Kang popped out to pitcher . Dickerson reached on infield single to catcher . Newman popped out to shortstop . Díaz popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 6 - Pirates 1 .	Harper , Haseley help Phillies beat Pirates 6 - 1