Phillies - Top 1st . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández singled to right . Hoskins walked , Hernández to second . Harper flied out to left , Hernández to third . Realmuto struck out swinging . Segura fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Marte tripled to deep center . Peralta grounded out to shortstop , Marte scored . Escobar lined out to center . Walker fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Kingery homered to left ( 378 feet ) . Haseley struck out swinging . Velasquez grounded out to first . Quinn flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Lamb grounded out to first . Jones lined out to second . Ahmed singled to right . Kelly flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández struck out looking . Hoskins reached first base on catcher 's interference , Hoskins to first on error by catcher Kelly . Harper singled to right , Hoskins to second . Realmuto doubled to left , Hoskins scored , Harper to third . Segura singled to center , Harper scored , Realmuto to third . Kingery grounded into double play , third to second to first , Segura out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Kelly walked . Marte flied out to left . Peralta doubled to right , Kelly to third . Escobar sacrificed into double play , center to catcher to third , Kelly scored , Peralta out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Haseley doubled to deep right . Velasquez sacrificed to pitcher , Haseley to third . Quinn reached on bunt single to catcher . Hernández grounded out to second , Haseley scored , Quinn to second . Hoskins grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Walker singled to deep left . Lamb grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Walker out at second . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Harper grounded out to first . Realmuto flied out to left . Segura grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Ahmed singled to deep left center . Kelly reached on infield single to shortstop , Ahmed to second . Kelly bunted into double play , pitcher to third to second , Kelly to second , Ahmed out at third . Marte lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Kingery doubled to left . Haseley flied out to center , Kingery to third . Velasquez struck out swinging . Quinn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Peralta struck out swinging . Escobar fouled out to first . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Scott pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández reached on bunt single to catcher . Hoskins struck out swinging . Harper reached on infield single to pitcher , Hernández to second . Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks . Realmuto struck out swinging . Segura singled to center , Hernández scored , Harper to second . Kingery grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Segura out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Lamb flied out to center . Jones grounded out to third . Ahmed walked . Kelly lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks . Haseley singled to right center . Dickerson hit for Velasquez . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Haseley to third on pickoff error by pitcher McFarland . Dickerson struck out looking . Quinn singled to left , Haseley scored . Quinn stole second . Hernández grounded out to third . Hoskins intentionally walked . Harper grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Nicasio pitching for Phillies . Flores hit for McFarland . Flores doubled to deep right center . Marte grounded out to first , Flores to third . Peralta singled to left , Flores scored . Escobar singled to left , Peralta to second . Walker struck out looking . Locastro hit for Lamb . Álvarez pitching for Phillies . Locastro flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Escobar at third base . Holland pitching for Diamondbacks . Flores at second base . Realmuto walked . Realmuto stole second , Realmuto safe at third on throwing error by catcher Kelly . Realmuto stole second , Realmuto safe at third on throwing error by catcher Kelly . Realmuto scored on Holland wild pitch . Segura walked . Kingery flied out to center . Haseley grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Segura out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Jones struck out swinging . Ahmed safe at first on error by shortstop Segura . Kelly grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ahmed out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Phillies 7 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Velasquez tosses 7 strong in Phillies ' 7 - 3 win over D - backs