Padres - Top 1st . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Urías grounded out to third . Naylor singled to right center . Machado struck out swinging . Hosmer doubled to deep right , Naylor to third . Mejía walked . Myers flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Paddack pitching for Padres . Quinn struck out swinging . Harper struck out swinging . Realmuto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . France lined out to second . Margot struck out swinging . Paddack struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Paddack pitching for Padres . Dickerson grounded out to first . Segura singled to left . Morrison singled to right , Morrison to second , Segura to third . Kingery popped out to first . Hernández singled to right , Segura scored , Hernández to second , Morrison to third . Velasquez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Urías flied out to center . Naylor popped out to shortstop . Machado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Paddack pitching for Padres . Quinn homered to right ( 439 feet ) . Harper struck out swinging . Realmuto homered to center ( 403 feet ) . Dickerson lined out to second . Segura popped out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Hosmer struck out swinging . Mejía flied out to left . Myers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Paddack pitching for Padres . Morrison popped out to third . Kingery struck out swinging . Hernández walked . Velasquez reached on infield single to third , Hernández to second , Hernández safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Machado . Quinn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 5th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . France flied out to right . Margot walked . Paddack sacrificed to pitcher , Margot to second . Margot to third on wild pitch by Velasquez . Urías lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Paddack pitching for Padres . Harper singled to left . Realmuto doubled to deep right center , Harper scored . Dickerson flied out to center . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Realmuto out at third . Morrison doubled to deep center , Segura scored on error by center fielder Margot . Báez pitching for Padres . Kingery lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 6th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Naylor singled to center . Machado reached on infield single to third , Naylor to second . Hosmer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Machado out at second , Naylor to third . Naylor scored on Velasquez wild pitch , Hosmer to second on wild pitch by Velasquez . Mejía tripled to deep left center , Hosmer scored . Parker pitching for Phillies . Myers grounded out to shortstop , Mejía scored . France grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Baez pitching for Padres . Hernández walked . Miller hit for Parker . Miller fouled out to third . Quinn hit by pitch , Hernández to second . Harper homered to left ( 378 feet ) , Hernández scored and Quinn scored . Realmuto singled to center . Dickerson popped out to third . Segura singled to shallow center , Realmuto to second . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Garcia at second base . Morrison grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Morin pitching for Phillies . Margot lined out to second . Garcia lined out to left . Urías grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Kingery grounded out to third . Hernández struck out looking . Haseley hit for Morin . Haseley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Álvarez pitching for Phillies . Naylor doubled to shallow right . Machado grounded out to shortstop , Naylor to third . Hosmer grounded out to second , Naylor scored . Mejía singled to center , Mejía thrown out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Wingenter pitching for Padres . Quinn grounded out to second . Harper flied out to left . Realmuto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Hoskins at first base . Kingery in center field . Rodríguez at third base . Myers lined out to center . Jankowski hit for Wingenter . Jankowski grounded out to second . Margot struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 4 - Phillies 8 .	Harper homers in third straight game to lead Phillies to win