Astros - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Dodgers . Bourn doubled to left . Bourgeois bunt popped out foul to first . Keppinger grounded out to first , Bourn to third . Lee popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Gordon struck out swinging . Blake struck out swinging . Ethier doubled to right . Kemp intentionally walked . Uribe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Dodgers . Wallace struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Thames grounded out to shortstop . Barajas safe at first on error by third baseman Johnson . Carroll lined out to right . De La Rosa singled to left , Barajas to second . Gordon singled to right , Barajas thrown out at home , De La Rosa to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Dodgers . Corporan grounded out to first . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Bourn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Blake lined out to right . Ethier grounded out to pitcher . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Dodgers . Bourgeois grounded out to third . Keppinger singled to left . Lee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Keppinger out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Uribe grounded out to second . Thames singled to left , Thames out stretching at second . Barajas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Dodgers . Wallace walked . Johnson singled to center , Wallace to second . Barmes reached on bunt single to pitcher , Wallace to third , Johnson to second . Corporan struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Bourn walked , Wallace scored , Johnson to third , Barmes to second . Bourgeois reached on infield single to first , Johnson scored , Barmes to third , Bourn to second . Keppinger singled to right center , Barmes and Bourn scored , Bourgeois to third . Lee walked , Keppinger to second . MacDougal pitching for Dodgers . Bourgeois scored , Keppinger to third , Lee to second on wild pitch by MacDougal . Navarro catching . Wallace struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Gwynn hit for MacDougal . Gwynn struck out swinging . Gordon singled to left . Blake singled to right , Gordon to second . Ethier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Johnson struck out swinging . Barmes singled to left . Corporan popped out to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Kemp struck out looking . Uribe struck out swinging . Thames singled to center . Navarro popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Guerrier pitching for Dodgers . Bourn grounded out to pitcher . Bourgeois grounded out to shortstop . Keppinger grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Abad pitching for Astros . Carroll flied out to left . Miles hit for Guerrier . Miles singled to center . Gordon grounded out to first , Miles to second . Blake struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Carroll at shortstop . Miles at second base . Lee singled to right . Wallace struck out swinging . Johnson doubled to left , Lee scored . Barmes grounded out to shortstop , Johnson to third . Corporan singled to right , Johnson scored . Downs hit for Abad . Downs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Corporan out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Astros . Ethier singled to center . Kemp singled to center , Ethier to second . Uribe grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Kemp out at second , Ethier to third . Thames grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Bourn singled to center . Bourgeois flied out to right . Keppinger grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bourn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Navarro popped out to third . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Miles popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 7 - Dodgers 0 .	Rodriguez boosts Astros in shutout of Dodgers