Red Sox - Top 1st . Norris pitching for Astros . Scutaro homered to left ( 376 feet ) . Pedroia flied out to right . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Youkilis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Bourn singled to center . Bourn stole second . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop , Bourn to third . Pence hit sacrifice fly to center , Bourn scored . Lee singled to left . Johnson singled to right , Lee to third . Wallace grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Norris pitching for Astros . Drew flied out to left . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first . Reddick walked . Sutton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Barmes doubled to deep left center . Corporan grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Barmes out at third . Norris sacrificed to first , Corporan to second . Bourn singled to center , Corporan to third . Sanchez reached on bunt single to third , Corporan scored , Bourn to second . Pence hit ground rule double to left , Bourn scored , Sanchez to third . Lee flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Norris pitching for Astros . Wakefield struck out swinging . Scutaro struck out looking . Pedroia walked . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Johnson grounded out to catcher . Wallace grounded out to first . Barmes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Norris pitching for Astros . Youkilis struck out swinging . Drew struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Corporan grounded out to shortstop . Norris flied out to left . Bourn flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Norris pitching for Astros . Reddick flied out to left . Sutton walked . Wakefield struck out bunting foul . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sutton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Sanchez singled to right . Sanchez to second on wild pitch by Wakefield . Pence flied out to left . Lee doubled to deep left , Sanchez scored . Johnson grounded out to pitcher , Lee to third . Wallace lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Norris pitching for Astros . Pedroia walked . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pedroia out at second . Youkilis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Barmes doubled to deep left . Corporan popped out to second . Norris singled to left , Barmes scored . Wheeler pitching for Red Sox . Bourn flied out to center . Norris to second on passed ball by Saltalamacchia . Sanchez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Norris pitching for Astros . Drew singled to center . Saltalamacchia singled to right , Drew to second . Reddick doubled to left , Drew scored , Saltalamacchia to third . Escalona pitching for Astros . Sutton reached on infield single to shortstop , Saltalamacchia scored . McDonald hit for Wheeler . McDonald hit by pitch , Reddick to third , Sutton to second . Lopez pitching for Astros . Scutaro struck out swinging . Pedroia singled to right , Reddick and Sutton scored , McDonald to third . Gonzalez doubled to deep left , McDonald and Pedroia scored . Youkilis flied out to right , Gonzalez to third . Drew grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Albers pitching for Red Sox . McDonald in left field . Pence struck out looking . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Johnson singled to center . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Michaels hit for Wallace . Michaels grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Lee at first base . Michaels in left field . Abad pitching for Astros . Saltalamacchia walked . Reddick singled to center , Saltalamacchia to second . Ortiz hit for Morales . Ortiz struck out swinging . Del Rosario pitching for Astros . Bogusevic in left field . McDonald walked , Saltalamacchia to third , Reddick to second . Scutaro grounded into double play , third to second to first , McDonald out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Barmes popped out to third . Corporan struck out swinging . Bogusevic struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Del Rosario pitching for Astros . Pedroia grounded out to first . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Youkilis walked . Drew walked , Youkilis to second . Saltalamacchia walked , Youkilis to third , Drew to second . Carpenter pitching for Astros . Reddick grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Bourn flied out to center . Sanchez flied out to right . Pence singled to right . Lee grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 7 - Astros 5 .	Red Sox reel in Astros with 6 - run 7th