Astros - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Bourn grounded out to second . Altuve reached on infield single to third . Pence singled to center , Altuve to third . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Altuve out at home , Pence to second . Wallace struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Myers pitching for Astros . Schumaker singled to center . Jay grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Schumaker out at second . Pujols homered to center ( 419 feet ) , Jay scored . Berkman flied out to left . Freese lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Johnson grounded out to second . Barmes singled to center . Quintero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Barmes out at second . Myers grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Myers pitching for Astros . Rasmus singled to center . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rasmus out at second . Descalso reached on infield single to pitcher . Westbrook struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Bourn doubled to deep left . Altuve struck out swinging . Pence grounded out to first , Bourn to third . Lee singled to right , Bourn scored . Wallace hit by pitch , Lee to second . Johnson flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Myers pitching for Astros . Schumaker grounded out to second . Jay grounded out to first . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Barmes lined out to center . Quintero reached on infield single to second . Myers walked , Quintero to second . Bourn grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Myers out at second , Quintero to third . Altuve grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Myers pitching for Astros . Berkman grounded out to first . Freese singled to left . Rasmus grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Freese out at second . Molina singled to center , Rasmus to second . Descalso reached on infield single to third , Rasmus hit by batted ball out at third , Molina to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Schumaker in right field . Punto at second base . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Pence popped out to pitcher . Lee singled to left . Wallace grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lee out at second . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wallace out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Myers pitching for Astros . Westbrook struck out looking . Schumaker reached on infield single to shortstop . Jay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Schumaker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Barmes grounded out to shortstop . Quintero struck out swinging . Myers grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Myers pitching for Astros . Pujols flied out to right . Punto grounded out to first . Freese homered to right ( 376 feet ) . Rasmus struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Bourn singled to center . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Altuve flied out to right . Bourn stole second . Pence struck out swinging . Lee flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Myers pitching for Astros . Molina struck out swinging . Descalso grounded out to second . Cruz hit for Motte . Cruz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Wallace grounded out to third . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Barmes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Myers pitching for Astros . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . Jay singled to left . Pujols singled to left , Jay to second . Punto lined into double play , left to shortstop to first , Pujols doubled off first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez hit for Quintero . Sanchez struck out swinging . Michaels hit for Myers . Michaels struck out looking . Bourn walked . Downs hit for Altuve . Bourn to second on fielder 's indifference . Downs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 1 - Cardinals 3 .	Pujols , Cards drop Astros