Astros - Top 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Bourgeois grounded out to second . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Carroll safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Lee . Blake grounded out to first . Ethier grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carroll out at second . Kemp homered to left center ( 399 feet ) , Ethier scored . Rivera grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Lee struck out looking . Paredes reached on infield single to second . Paredes stole second . Michaels struck out swinging , Michaels safe at on error by player player , Michaels to first on error by catcher Barajas . Barmes popped out to third . Corporan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Michaels out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Barajas struck out swinging . Gwynn tripled to right . Sellers walked . Kershaw grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sellers out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Rodriguez flied out to center . Bourgeois struck out swinging . Altuve hit ground rule double to deep center . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Carroll singled to left center . Blake grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Carroll out at second . Ethier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Lee flied out to left . Paredes struck out swinging . Michaels struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Kemp struck out swinging . Rivera struck out swinging . Barajas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Barmes reached on infield single to shortstop . Corporan struck out swinging . Rodriguez sacrificed to pitcher , Barmes to second . Bourgeois struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Gwynn singled to right . Gwynn stole second . Sellers singled to left , Gwynn to third . Kershaw sacrificed into fielder 's choice to catcher , Gwynn scored , Sellers to second . Carroll sacrificed to third , Sellers to third , Kershaw to second , Carroll safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Paredes . Sellers to third on throwing error by third baseman Paredes . Blake hit sacrifice fly to right , Sellers scored . Kershaw to third , Carroll to second on passed ball by Corporan . Ethier grounded out to second . Kemp intentionally walked . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Carroll out at third , Kemp to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 6th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Altuve struck out swinging . Martinez popped out to second . Lee walked . Paredes reached on infield single to second , Lee to second . Michaels fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Barajas flied out to right . Gwynn singled to left . Sellers grounded out to shortstop , Gwynn to second . Gwynn stole third . Gwynn scored on throwing error by catcher Corporan . Kershaw grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 7th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Barmes flied out to right . Corporan grounded out to pitcher . Sanchez hit for Rodriguez . Sanchez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Carroll struck out looking . Blake singled to center . Ethier singled to right center , Blake to third . Kemp struck out swinging . Rivera singled to center , Blake scored , Ethier to second . Barajas walked , Ethier to third , Rivera to second . Gwynn flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Loney at first base . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Bourgeois singled to right center . Altuve fouled out to third . Martinez doubled to deep right , Bourgeois scored . Lee struck out swinging . Paredes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Bogusevic in right field . Lopez pitching for Astros . Michaels in left field . Downs at first base . Sellers struck out swinging . Oeltjen hit for Kershaw . Oeltjen grounded out to second . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Michaels grounded out to third . Barmes flied out to center . Corporan grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 1 - Dodgers 6 .	Kershaw gets 14th win as Dodgers beat Astros