Mariners - Top 1st . Riley pitching for Orioles . Suzuki walked . Spiezio popped out to shortstop . Suzuki stole second . Boone walked . Martinez popped out to shortstop . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Meche pitching for Mariners . Roberts struck out swinging . Mora walked . Tejada reached on infield single to third , Mora to second . Mora to third , Tejada to second on wild pitch by Meche . Palmeiro walked . Lopez popped out to second . Gibbons walked , Mora scored , Tejada to third , Palmeiro to second . Surhoff popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Riley pitching for Orioles . Aurilia struck out swinging . Olerud singled to left center . Wilson struck out swinging . Cabrera fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Matos singled to center . Bigbie struck out swinging , Matos stole second . Roberts singled to right , Matos to third . Roberts stole second . Mora struck out swinging . Tejada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Riley pitching for Orioles . Suzuki struck out swinging . Spiezio flied out to center . Boone reached on infield single to pitcher . Martinez singled to right , Boone to second . Ibanez singled to left , Boone scored , Martinez to second . Aurilia singled to left , Martinez to third , Ibanez to second . Olerud grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Palmeiro homered to right center . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Gibbons flied out to right . Surhoff grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Riley pitching for Orioles . Wilson homered to left center . Cabrera doubled to deep left . Suzuki singled to right center , Cabrera scored . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Spiezio singled to left , Suzuki to third , Spiezio to second advancing on throw . Suzuki scored , Spiezio to third on passed ball by Lopez . Boone grounded out to shortstop . Martinez grounded out to shortstop , Spiezio scored . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Ibanez grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Matos grounded out to shortstop . Bigbie singled to center . Roberts singled to center , Bigbie to second . Mora singled to left , Bigbie to third , Roberts to second . Tejada batting . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Aurilia struck out looking . Olerud reached on infield single to second . Wilson flied out to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Palmeiro flied out to left . Lopez doubled to left . Gibbons fouled out to third . Surhoff lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Suzuki grounded out to second . Spiezio struck out looking . Boone grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Matos flied out to center . Bigbie homered to left center . Roberts doubled to deep right . Mora singled to left center , Roberts scored . Villone pitching for Mariners . Tejada hit by pitch , Mora to second . Palmeiro grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Tejada out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez lined out to shortstop . Groom pitching for Orioles . Aurilia walked . DeJean pitching for Orioles . Olerud singled to right , Aurilia to second . Wilson singled to right , Aurilia scored , Olerud to third . Cabrera singled to center , Olerud scored , Wilson to second . Winn in center field . Suzuki struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Lopez reached on infield single to third . Gibbons grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lopez out at second . Surhoff grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gibbons out at second . Matos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . DeJean pitching for Orioles . Spiezio walked . Boone struck out looking . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Martinez struck out swinging . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Villone pitching for Mariners . Bigbie walked . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Roberts walked , Bigbie to second . Mora grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bigbie out at third , Roberts to second . Myers pitching for Mariners . Tejada hit by pitch , Roberts to third , Mora to second . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Palmeiro popped out to shortstop . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tejada out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Aurilia flied out to right . Olerud flied out to left . Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Gibbons flied out to left . Bautista ran for Surhoff . Surhoff hit by pitch . Matos grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 7 - Orioles 5 .	Melvin gets 100th win as Mariners beat Orioles