Mariners - Top 1st . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Suzuki walked . Aurilia flied out to center . Boone singled to left , Suzuki to second . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Boone out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Roberts singled to right . Mora singled to left , Roberts to second . Tejada struck out swinging . Palmeiro grounded out to first , Roberts to third , Mora to second . Lopez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Spiezio flied out to center . Ibanez grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Gibbons struck out swinging . Surhoff grounded out to shortstop . Matos singled to center . Bigbie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Davis popped out to first . Winn flied out to right . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Roberts singled to center . Mora doubled to deep left center , Roberts to third . Tejada reached on infield single to second , Roberts scored , Mora to third . Palmeiro singled to deep right , Mora scored , Tejada to third . Lopez safe at first on error by third baseman Spiezio , Tejada scored , Palmeiro to third . Gibbons struck out swinging . Surhoff hit sacrifice fly to center , Palmeiro scored . Matos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Aurilia flied out to center . Boone struck out swinging . Martinez fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Bigbie lined out to center . Roberts singled to center . Mora doubled to deep left , Roberts tagged out at home . Tejada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Spiezio walked . Ibanez doubled to left , Spiezio to third . Cabrera grounded out to second , Spiezio scored , Ibanez to third . Davis grounded out to first , Ibanez scored . Winn flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Palmeiro grounded out to second . Lopez grounded out to third . Gibbons walked . Surhoff grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gibbons out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Suzuki popped out to third . Aurilia popped out to second . Boone struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Matos singled to center . Bigbie grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Matos out at second . Roberts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Martinez popped out to second . Spiezio walked . Ibanez flied out to right . Cabrera singled to center , Spiezio to second . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Mora singled to left . Myers pitching for Mariners . Tejada singled to center , Mora to third . Putz pitching for Mariners . Palmeiro walked , Tejada to second . Villone pitching for Mariners . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mora scored , Palmeiro out at second , Tejada to third . Gibbons singled to center , Tejada scored , Lopez to second . Surhoff walked , Lopez to third , Gibbons to second . Bautista ran for Gibbons . Matos singled to center , Lopez and Bautista scored , Surhoff to second . Bigbie struck out looking . Bautista in right field . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Roberts singled to left , Surhoff scored , Matos out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Winn walked . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Winn scored on throwing error by first baseman Palmeiro , Suzuki safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Palmeiro . Lopez at shortstop . Aurilia walked . Boone doubled to deep left , Suzuki and Aurilia scored . Martinez struck out looking . Spiezio grounded out to shortstop , Boone to third . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Mora popped out to second . Lopez flied out to left . Julio pitching for Orioles . Palmeiro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Hansen hit for Davis . Julio pitching for Orioles . Cabrera singled to right . Hansen flied out to left . Cabrera to second on fielder 's indifference . Winn walked . Suzuki flied out to left . Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Julio . Aurilia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 5 - Orioles 9 .	DuBose pitches solid 7 as Orioles beat Mariners