Angels - Top 1st . Eckstein tripled to deep right . Figgins tripled to deep center , Eckstein scored . Davanon hit sacrifice fly to left , Figgins scored . Guerrero flied out to right . Guillen grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Roberts flied out to center . Mora walked . Tejada walked , Mora to second . Palmeiro grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tejada out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Kotchman flied out to left . Molina doubled to left . Quinlan hit by pitch . Kennedy walked , Molina to third , Quinlan to second . Eckstein hit by pitch , Molina scored , Quinlan to third , Kennedy to second . Figgins homered to right , Quinlan , Kennedy and Eckstein scored . Davanon singled to left . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Guerrero doubled to left , Davanon to third . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Davanon out at home , Guillen to second , Guerrero to third advancing on throw . Kotchman hit by pitch . Molina singled to left center , Guerrero and Guillen scored , Kotchman to third . Quinlan grounded out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Lopez walked . Gibbons struck out swinging . Matos grounded into double play , pitcher to second to shortstop to first , Lopez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Kennedy walked . Eckstein grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Kennedy out at second . Figgins singled to left center . Davanon singled to right , Figgins to third . Guerrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Bigbie struck out looking . Hairston Jr flied out to left . Roberts safe at first on error by third baseman Figgins . Mora struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 4th . Guillen grounded out to third . Kotchman lined out to first . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Tejada flied out to center . Palmeiro fouled out to left . Lopez homered to left . Gibbons singled to deep right . Matos flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Quinlan grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop . Eckstein flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Bigbie struck out swinging . Hairston Jr struck out swinging . Roberts walked . Mora doubled to deep right , Roberts scored . Tejada singled to center , Mora scored . Palmeiro homered to right , Tejada scored . Lopez grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Figgins grounded out to first . Davanon flied out to left . Guerrero singled to center . Gregg pitching for Angels . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Guerrero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Gibbons grounded out to second . Matos flied out to center . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Bigbie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Kotchman grounded out to second . Molina singled to right . Quinlan struck out swinging . Kennedy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Hairston Jr grounded out to second . Roberts flied out to left . Mora homered to left . Tejada struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Eckstein walked . Eckstein caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Figgins singled to left . Figgins caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Halter at third base . Figgins in center field . Halter at third base . Davanon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Palmeiro flied out to left . Lopez struck out swinging . DeJean pitching for Orioles . Gibbons grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Guerrero struck out looking . Guillen grounded out to third . Kotchman singled to left . Percival pitching for Angels . Molina fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Surhoff hit for Bigbie . Matos homered to left . Surhoff flied out to right . Hairston Jr flied out to center . Roberts singled to right . Mora singled to center , Roberts to third . Mora stole second . Tejada singled to center , Roberts and Mora scored , Tejada to second advancing on throw . Palmeiro intentionally walked . Tejada to third , Palmeiro to second on wild pitch by Percival . Surhoff in left field . Julio pitching for Orioles . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 10th . Quinlan grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy singled to right . Eckstein flied out to left . Kennedy stole second . Figgins singled to left , Kennedy scored , Figgins to second advancing on throw . Figgins to third on fielder 's indifference . Shields pitching for Angels . Halter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 10th . Bautista ran for Gibbons . Gibbons reached on infield single to first . Matos bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bautista out at second . Matos to second on wild pitch by Shields . Surhoff flied out to left . Hairston Jr popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 10 - Orioles 9 .	Figgins pudding : Angels CF drives in six