Angels - Top 1st . Eckstein flied out to right . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Davanon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Roberts flied out to right . Mora grounded out to second . Tejada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Guerrero grounded out to third . Guillen walked . Kotchman singled to left , Guillen to second . Molina grounded into double play , second to first , Kotchman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Palmeiro flied out to right . Lopez popped out to shortstop . Gibbons singled to right . Matos flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Halter singled to left . Kennedy grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Halter out at second . Eckstein reached on bunt single to third . Figgins reached on bunt single to catcher , Eckstein to second . Davanon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Molina catching . Bigbie lined out to left . Hairston Jr popped out to second . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Guerrero grounded out to third . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Kotchman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Mora walked . Mora caught stealing second , catcher to second . Tejada grounded out to second . Palmeiro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Molina flied out to center . Halter struck out looking . Kennedy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Lopez singled to right . Gibbons singled to center , Lopez to second . Matos reached on bunt single to third , Lopez to third , Gibbons to second , Lopez scored , Gibbons to third on throwing error by third baseman Halter . Bigbie walked , Matos to second . Hairston Jr hit sacrifice fly to left , Gibbons scored . Roberts flied out to center , Matos to third , Bigbie to second . Mora popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 6th . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Figgins struck out swinging . Davanon lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Palmeiro flied out to center . Lopez singled to left . Gibbons grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Guerrero popped out to third . Guillen struck out swinging . Kotchman singled to right . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Matos doubled to deep left center . Bigbie grounded out to first , Matos to third . Gregg pitching for Angels . Hairston Jr singled to left , Matos scored . Roberts fouled out to third . Hairston Jr to second on wild pitch by Gregg . Mora struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Halter grounded out to second . Kennedy grounded out to first . Eckstein lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Tejada reached on infield single to pitcher . Palmeiro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tejada out at second . Lopez singled to center , Palmeiro to second . Gibbons grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lopez out at second , Palmeiro to third . Matos safe at first on error by third baseman Halter , Palmeiro scored , Gibbons to second . Bigbie grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 9th . Figgins flied out to left . Davanon grounded out to second . Guerrero safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Mora . Guerrero to second on fielder 's indifference . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 0 - Orioles 4 .	Orioles beat Angels with Ponson 's 5 - hitter