Orioles - Top 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Roberts singled to center . Roberts to second on wild pitch by Mussina . Mora singled to right , Roberts scored . Tejada flied out to center . Palmeiro singled to center , Mora to third . Lopez grounded out to pitcher , Mora scored , Palmeiro to second . Surhoff walked . Matos lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Jeter reached on infield single to third . Williams struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop , Jeter to second . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Bigbie flied out to left . Hairston Jr grounded out to second . Roberts struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Posada doubled to center . Matsui homered to right , Posada scored . Sierra popped out to second . Clark grounded out to third . Wilson singled to left . Jeter doubled to deep center , Wilson scored . Williams reached on infield single to shortstop , Jeter to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Mora singled to left center . Tejada lined out to center . Palmeiro struck out swinging . Mora caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Posada grounded out to second . Matsui walked . Sierra flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Lopez singled to left center . Surhoff grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lopez out at second . Matos singled to left . Bigbie flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Clark walked . Wilson singled to right , Clark to second . Jeter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wilson out at second , Clark to third . Williams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Hairston Jr grounded out to shortstop . Roberts hit ground rule double to left . Mora grounded out to shortstop , Roberts to third . Tejada singled to center , Roberts scored . Palmeiro flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez struck out looking . Sheffield singled to center . Posada grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Sheffield out at second . Matsui walked , Posada to second . Sierra singled to right , Posada scored , Matsui to third , Sierra to second on throwing error by right fielder Surhoff . Clark hit by pitch . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 6th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Lopez popped out to first . Surhoff popped out to third . Matos doubled to left , Matos to third on error by left fielder Matsui . Bigbie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Jeter homered to center . Williams grounded out to first . Rodriguez singled to left . Sheffield flied out to center . Posada homered to right , Rodriguez scored . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Matsui flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Hairston Jr flied out to right . Roberts grounded out to second . Mora grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Sierra grounded out to shortstop . Clark struck out swinging . Wilson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Tejada flied out to center . Palmeiro struck out looking . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Lopez singled to left . Lopez to second on fielder 's indifference . Cubillan pitching for Orioles . Surhoff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Cubillan pitching for Orioles . Jeter homered to left center . Williams walked . Rodriguez walked , Williams to second . Sheffield struck out swinging . Groom pitching for Orioles . Posada struck out swinging . Crosby in right field . Matsui struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Matos singled to left . Bigbie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matos out at second . Hairston Jr singled to center , Bigbie to second . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Roberts walked , Bigbie to third , Hairston Jr to second . Mora fouled out to catcher . Tejada singled to left , Bigbie and Hairston Jr scored , Roberts to second . Palmeiro walked , Roberts to third , Tejada to second . Leon ran for Palmeiro . Lopez singled to left , Roberts and Tejada scored , Leon to third . Surhoff flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 7 - Yankees 8 .	Jeter : 2 HRs for Yanks