Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Hairston flied out to center . Finley struck out swinging . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Roberts struck out swinging . Hairston Jr flied out to left . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Hillenbrand singled to center . Tracy flied out to center . Hammock flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop . Lopez flied out to center . Leon grounded out to shortstop , Tejada to second . Matos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Baerga grounded out to second . Cintron doubled to deep right . Hairston doubled to deep left , Cintron scored . Finley lined out to shortstop . Bautista singled to center , Hairston scored . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Raines Jr safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cintron . Raines Jr caught stealing second , catcher to second . Roberts flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Hillenbrand hit ground rule double to deep left center . Tracy flied out to center , Hillenbrand to third . Hammock struck out swinging . Baerga singled to left , Hillenbrand scored . Cintron grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Baerga out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston Jr walked . Mora singled to right , Hairston Jr to third . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hairston Jr scored , Mora out at second . Lopez lined out to third . Tejada to second on passed ball by Hammock . Leon grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Hairston grounded out to shortstop . Finley reached on infield single to shortstop . Bautista singled to center , Finley to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Finley out at third , Bautista to second , Gonzalez to first , Bautista scored , Gonzalez to second on throwing error by third baseman Mora . Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Ponson . Hillenbrand walked . Tracy flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Matos grounded out to third . Lopez flied out to center . Raines Jr flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Hammock struck out swinging . Baerga struck out looking . Cintron flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Hairston Jr singled to deep left center . Mora flied out to center . Hairston Jr stole second . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Hairston singled to center . Finley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hairston out at second . Bautista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Lopez flied out to center . Leon fouled out to first . Matos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez singled to right center . Groom pitching for Orioles . Hillenbrand singled to left , Gonzalez to third . Tracy doubled to deep center , Gonzalez and Hillenbrand scored . Hammock walked . Baerga flied out to right . Rodriguez pitching for Orioles . Cintron singled to left , Tracy to third , Hammock to second . Tracy scored , Hammock to third , Cintron to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Hammock scored , Cintron to third on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Hairston popped out to second . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Finley struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Lopez struck out swinging . Raines Jr struck out swinging . Roberts singled to right center . Hairston Jr reached on infield single to shortstop , Roberts to second . Mora grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Roberts out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Orioles . Bautista flied out to left . Gonzalez doubled to deep right . Devore ran for Gonzalez . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Devore in left field . Zinter at first base . Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks . Tejada grounded out to third . Lopez flied out to center . Leon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Orioles 1 .	Unit measures up Orioles for fifth straight win