Diamondbacks - Top 1st . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Hairston struck out swinging . Finley flied out to left . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Roberts singled to right center . Roberts stole second . Mora grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Roberts out at second , Mora to second . Tejada struck out swinging . Mora to third on wild pitch by Webb . Palmeiro walked . Mora scored on Webb 's wild pitch . Mora scored on Webb 's wild pitch . Mora scored on Webb 's wild pitch . Lopez walked . Surhoff grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez doubled to left . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Baerga grounded out to pitcher . Hammock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Matos struck out swinging . Bigbie walked . Hairston Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bigbie out at second . Hairston Jr stole second . Roberts grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Olson fouled out to first . Cintron struck out looking . Hairston grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Mora flied out to center . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Palmeiro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Finley struck out swinging . Bautista popped out to third . Gonzalez doubled to deep left center . Hillenbrand reached on infield single to pitcher , Gonzalez scored , Hillenbrand to second on throwing error by pitcher Dubose . Zinter ran for Baerga . Baerga reached on infield single to shortstop , Hillenbrand to third . Hammock struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Surhoff singled to right . Matos singled to left , Surhoff to second . Bigbie grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Matos out at second , Surhoff to third . Hairston Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bigbie out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Olson lined out to right . Cintron singled to left . Hairston lined into double play , third to first , Cintron doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Roberts grounded out to second . Mora hit by pitch . Tejada singled to left , Mora to third . Palmeiro flied out to center . Lopez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Finley walked . Bautista singled to right , Finley to third . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to right , Finley scored . Hillenbrand flied out to left . Bautista to second on wild pitch by Dubose . Zinter walked . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Hammock lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Surhoff singled to center . Matos flied out to left . Bigbie struck out swinging . Hairston Jr fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Olson flied out to right . Cintron struck out swinging . Hairston hit ground rule double to deep left . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Finley walked . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Roberts walked . Mora walked , Roberts to second . Tejada homered to right , Roberts and Mora scored . Palmeiro flied out to right . Lopez grounded out to third . Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks . Surhoff safe at first on error by third baseman Olson . Matos homered to center , Surhoff scored . Bigbie singled to center . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Hairston Jr flied out to left . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez lined out to third . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Zinter walked . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Hammock struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Roberts grounded out to first . Mora doubled to deep right . Tejada intentionally walked . Palmeiro singled to left , Mora to third , Tejada to second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mora scored , Palmeiro out at second , Tejada to third . DeJean pitching for Orioles . Surhoff struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . DeJean pitching for Orioles . Olson grounded out to shortstop . Cintron struck out swinging . Hairston popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Orioles 8 .	Tejada 's blast propels Orioles to romp of D - Backs