Orioles - Top 1st . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Roberts struck out swinging . Newhan struck out swinging . Tejada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Miles grounded out to third . Clayton grounded out to second . Helton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Palmeiro struck out swinging . Lopez singled to left . Gibbons singled to right , Lopez to third . Hairston Jr walked , Gibbons to second . Bigbie hit sacrifice fly to left , Lopez scored . Dubose struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Wilson doubled to deep right . Castilla fouled out to catcher . Holliday grounded out to second , Wilson to third . Greene flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Roberts struck out looking . Newhan singled to right . Tejada grounded out to third , Newhan to second . Palmeiro singled to right , Newhan scored . Lopez singled to right , Palmeiro to second . Gibbons grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lopez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez tripled to deep center . Fassero walked . Miles walked , Fassero to second . Clayton singled to center , Gonzalez and Fassero scored , Miles to third . Helton walked , Clayton to second . Wilson doubled to left , Miles , Clayton and Helton scored . Castilla grounded out to shortstop . Holliday flied out to center , Wilson to third . Greene grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Hairston Jr doubled to deep left . Bigbie grounded out to second , Hairston Jr to third . Dubose struck out swinging . Hairston Jr caught stealing home , pitcher to catcher . Roberts batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez flied out to right . Fassero reached on infield single to second . Miles doubled to right center , Fassero to third . Rodriguez pitching for Orioles . Clayton walked . Helton doubled to center , Fassero and Miles scored , Clayton to third . Wilson intentionally walked . Castilla hit sacrifice fly to right , Clayton scored , Helton to third , Wilson to second . Holliday struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Roberts bunt grounded out to pitcher . Newhan reached on infield single to second . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Newhan out at second . Palmeiro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Orioles . Greene flied out to left . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Fassero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Lopez grounded out to third . Gibbons grounded out to first . Hairston Jr walked . Leon hit for Rodriguez . Bigbie singled to center , Hairston Jr to second . Hairston Jr to third , Bigbie to second on balk by Fassero . Kroon pitching for Rockies . Leon walked . Roberts singled to center , Hairston Jr and Bigbie scored , Leon to third . Newhan walked , Roberts to second . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Newhan out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Miles singled to left . Clayton reached on bunt single to third , Miles to second . DeJean pitching for Orioles . Helton walked , Miles to third , Clayton to second . Wilson grounded out to second , Miles scored , Clayton to third , Helton to second . Castilla intentionally walked . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Holliday grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Castilla out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Palmeiro grounded out to first . Lopez singled to left . Gibbons singled to left center , Lopez to second . Hairston Jr grounded out to third , Lopez to third , Gibbons to second . Bigbie grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . DeJean pitching for Orioles . Greene singled to right . Sweeney hit for Lopez . Gonzalez lined out to center . Reed pitching for Rockies . Lopez hit for DeJean . Sweeney grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Greene out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Reed pitching for Rockies . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Roberts reached on bunt single to pitcher . Newhan fouled out to left . Tejada reached on infield single to third , Roberts to second . Palmeiro doubled to deep right , Roberts and Tejada scored . Groom pitching for Orioles . Lopez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Groom pitching for Orioles . Miles singled to right . Clayton reached on infield single to third , Miles to second . Helton fouled out to catcher . Wilson walked , Miles to third , Clayton to second . Castilla singled to left , Miles and Clayton scored , Wilson to second . Holliday flied out to right , Wilson to third . Greene grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Reed pitching for Rockies . Gibbons popped out to second . Hairston Jr hit by pitch . Machado hit for Groom . Bigbie struck out looking . Machado safe at first on error by third baseman Castilla , Hairston Jr to second . Roberts flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 6 - Rockies 11 .	4 , 3 , 2 : Wilson , Castilla , Helton make it count