Devil Rays - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Crawford fouled out to third . Baldelli reached on infield single to third . Huff safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Lopez , Baldelli to second . Cruz struck out looking . Martinez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Roberts singled to left . Hairston Jr popped out to second . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Roberts out at second . Lopez singled to left , Tejada to third . Palmeiro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Lugo flied out to right . McGriff singled to right . Hall grounded into double play , third to second to first , McGriff out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Matos flied out to left . Mottola walked . Lopez flied out to left . Raines Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mottola out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Blum doubled to right . Crawford grounded out to first , Blum to third . Baldelli singled to right , Blum scored . Huff walked , Baldelli to second . Cruz flied out to center , Baldelli to third . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Huff out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Roberts lined out to third . Hairston Jr singled to right . Tejada grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hairston Jr out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Lugo singled to center . McGriff walked , Lugo to second . Hall singled to left , Lugo scored , McGriff to second . Blum sacrificed to pitcher , McGriff to third , Hall to second . Crawford grounded out to second , McGriff scored , Hall to third . Baldelli struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Lopez flied out to center . Palmeiro fouled out to catcher . Matos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Huff flied out to center . Cruz doubled to right , Cruz out stretching at third . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Mottola grounded out to shortstop . Lopez doubled to deep left center . Raines Jr grounded out to pitcher , Lopez to third . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Lugo grounded out to pitcher . McGriff lined out to center . Hall flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Hairston Jr grounded out to third . Tejada singled to center . Lopez singled to right , Tejada to second . Palmeiro popped out to second . Matos grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Blum grounded out to second . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Baldelli singled to left center . Groom pitching for Orioles . Huff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Mottola grounded out to shortstop . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Raines Jr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Groom pitching for Orioles . Cruz singled to left center . Martinez struck out swinging . Lugo singled to right , Cruz to second . McGriff singled to right , Cruz to third , Lugo to second . Rolls ran for McGriff . Hall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rolls out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Roberts flied out to left . Hairston Jr fouled out to first . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Tejada grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Blum flied out to center . Crawford fouled out to third . Baldelli doubled to deep right . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Huff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Lopez grounded out to third . Palmeiro flied out to center . Newhan hit for Mottola . Matos hit by pitch . Newhan singled to left , Matos to second . Bigbie hit for Raines Jr. Lopez singled to right , Matos scored , Newhan to second . Bigbie walked , Newhan to third , Lopez to second . Roberts fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 3 - Orioles 1 .	Devil Rays turn corner on Baldelli tires , end skid