Mariners - Top 1st . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Suzuki struck out swinging . Winn walked . Martinez grounded out to shortstop , Winn to second . Jacobsen popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Meche pitching for Mariners . Roberts doubled to deep right . Newhan grounded out to second , Roberts to third . Mora grounded out to third . Tejada lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Ibanez flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to third . Lopez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Palmeiro popped out to shortstop . Lopez reached on infield single to third . Lopez to second on passed ball by Olivo . Surhoff struck out looking . Garcia reached on infield single to shortstop , Lopez scored , Garcia to second on throwing error by shortstop Lopez . Hairston Jr lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Olivo singled to right center . Bloomquist grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Olivo out at second . Suzuki singled to center . Winn popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Roberts struck out looking . Newhan struck out swinging . Mora singled to center . Tejada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Martinez popped out to shortstop . Jacobsen struck out swinging . Ibanez hit ground rule double to deep left . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Palmeiro flied out to center . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Surhoff singled to right . Garcia singled to center , Surhoff to second . Hairston Jr walked , Surhoff to third , Garcia to second . Roberts singled to left , Surhoff and Garcia scored , Hairston Jr to second . Newhan struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Lopez lined out to left . Olivo fouled out to first . Bloomquist struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Mora singled to center . Tejada grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mora out at second . Palmeiro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Suzuki tripled to deep left center . Winn homered to right , Suzuki scored . Martinez walked . Jacobsen singled to center , Martinez to second . Ibanez flied out to center . Cabrera struck out swinging . Lopez reached on infield single to third , Martinez to third , Jacobsen to second . Olivo walked , Martinez scored , Jacobsen to third , Lopez to second . Groom pitching for Orioles . Bloomquist lined out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Lopez singled to center . Surhoff struck out swinging . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lopez out at second . Hairston Jr flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Groom pitching for Orioles . Suzuki flied out to left . Winn singled to left . Williams pitching for Orioles . Martinez flied out to right . Jacobsen grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Winn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Roberts walked . Newhan sacrificed to pitcher , Roberts to second . Mora walked . Myers pitching for Mariners . Tejada safe at first on error by third baseman Bloomquist , Roberts to third , Mora to second . Palmeiro singled to right , Roberts and Mora scored , Tejada to second . Tejada scored , Palmeiro to second on wild pitch by Myers . Lopez intentionally walked . Grimsley pitching for Orioles . Surhoff grounded into double play , third to first , Palmeiro out at third . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 8th . Grimsley pitching for Orioles . Ibanez grounded out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Atchison pitching for Mariners . Garcia flied out to left . Hairston Jr walked . Roberts flied out to center . Hairston Jr stole second . Julio pitching for Orioles . Newhan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Julio pitching for Orioles . Olivo grounded out to shortstop . Bloomquist popped out to first . Suzuki reached on infield single to third . Winn lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Orioles 6 .	O 's enjoy rare home sweep of M 's