Orioles - Top 1st . Young pitching for Rangers . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Newhan singled to center . Mora grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Newhan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Dellucci singled to center . Young struck out swinging , Dellucci stole second . Blalock struck out swinging . Teixeira singled to deep right , Dellucci scored , Teixeira thrown out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Young pitching for Rangers . Tejada grounded out to third . Palmeiro singled to center . Lopez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Palmeiro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . Nix grounded out to pitcher . Mench grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Young pitching for Rangers . Surhoff fouled out to shortstop . Gibbons fouled out to first . Raines Jr reached on infield single to shortstop . Raines Jr stole second . Roberts walked . Newhan walked , Raines Jr to third , Roberts to second . Mora singled to center , Raines Jr and Roberts scored , Newhan to third . Tejada fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Matthews Jr reached on infield single to shortstop . Laird grounded into double play , third to second to first , Matthews Jr out at second . Dellucci struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Young pitching for Rangers . Palmeiro flied out to center . Lopez struck out swinging . Surhoff grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Young singled to right . Blalock struck out swinging . Teixeira singled to center , Young to second . Soriano grounded out to first , Young to third , Teixeira to second . Nix singled to center , Young scored , Teixeira thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Young pitching for Rangers . Gibbons struck out looking . Raines Jr singled to center . Roberts reached first base on catcher 's interference , Raines Jr to second . Roberts batting . Newhan walked , Raines Jr to third , Roberts to second . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Mora singled to center , Raines Jr and Roberts scored , Newhan to second . Tejada grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mora out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Mench singled to center . Matthews Jr grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Mench out at second . Laird struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Palmeiro hit by pitch . Lopez grounded out to catcher , Palmeiro to second . Surhoff grounded out to first , Palmeiro to third . Gibbons safe at first on error by second baseman Soriano , Palmeiro scored . Raines Jr flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Dellucci flied out to left . Young singled to center . Blalock singled to right , Young to third . Teixeira singled to right , Young scored , Blalock to third . Soriano reached on infield single to shortstop , Blalock scored , Teixeira to second . Nix struck out looking . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Mench flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Almanzar pitching for Rangers . Roberts walked . Newhan flied out to center . Mora hit by pitch , Roberts to second . Tejada popped out to third . Palmeiro doubled to center , Roberts scored , Mora to third . Lopez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Matthews Jr flied out to center . Laird grounded out to third . Dellucci homered to center . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Surhoff singled to center . Gibbons flied out to center . Raines Jr grounded out to second , Surhoff to second . Roberts singled to left , Surhoff scored , Roberts to second advancing on throw . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Newhan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Blalock reached on infield single to third . Teixeira struck out looking . Jordan hit for Nix . Julio pitching for Orioles . Soriano singled to right , Blalock to third . Soriano stole second . Jordan grounded out to shortstop , Blalock scored , Soriano to third . Jordan in right field . Matthews Jr in center field . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Mench popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Mora singled to left . Tejada flied out to center . Majewski ran for Palmeiro . Palmeiro walked , Mora to second . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Lopez popped out to shortstop . Surhoff popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Young hit for Laird . Julio pitching for Orioles . Matthews Jr grounded out to first . Young singled to center . Dellucci struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 7 - Rangers 6 .	No Mora : O 's end 12 - game skid