Yankees - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez walked . Sheffield struck out swinging . Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Lopez . Matsui walked . Posada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Roberts singled to center . Newhan struck out looking . Mora flied out to center . Tejada homered to left center , Roberts scored . Palmeiro struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Olerud singled to left . Sierra lined out to right . Cairo singled to left , Olerud to second . Lofton struck out swinging . Jeter homered to right , Olerud and Cairo scored . Rodriguez flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Lopez grounded out to third . Surhoff fouled out to shortstop . Gibbons flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Sheffield struck out looking . Matsui singled to right . Posada flied out to right . Olerud flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Bigbie singled to right . Roberts reached on bunt single to third , Bigbie to second . Newhan struck out swinging . Mora singled to left , Bigbie to third , Roberts to second . Tejada walked , Bigbie scored , Roberts to third , Mora to second . Palmeiro hit by pitch , Roberts scored , Mora to third , Tejada to second . Nitkowski pitching for Yankees . Lopez walked , Mora scored , Tejada to third , Palmeiro to second . Surhoff singled to right center , Tejada and Palmeiro scored , Lopez to third . Gibbons struck out swinging . Bigbie singled to center , Lopez scored , Surhoff to second . Roberts doubled to center , Surhoff and Bigbie scored . Loaiza pitching for Yankees . Newhan hit by pitch . Loaiza pitching for Yankees . Mora struck out swinging . 8 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Sierra homered to right . Cairo tripled to deep right . Lofton hit sacrifice fly to center , Cairo scored . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Loaiza pitching for Yankees . Tejada popped out to third . Palmeiro struck out looking . Lopez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Sheffield flied out to center . Matsui struck out swinging . Posada grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Loaiza pitching for Yankees . Surhoff grounded out to first . Gibbons flied out to right . Bigbie singled to left . Roberts struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Olerud grounded out to second . Sierra flied out to center . Cairo reached on infield single to shortstop . Lofton singled to right center , Cairo to second . Grimsley pitching for Orioles . Cairo stole third , Lofton stole second . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Loaiza pitching for Yankees . Newhan flied out to center . Mora reached on infield single to third . Tejada lined out to center . Palmeiro walked , Mora to second . Lopez singled to center , Mora scored , Palmeiro to second . Heredia pitching for Yankees . Surhoff tripled to deep right , Palmeiro and Lopez scored . Borkowski pitching for Orioles . Gibbons grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Borkowski pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez singled to left center . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez safe at second on error by shortstop Tejada . Matsui flied out to center . Posada walked , Rodriguez to third , Sheffield to second . Olerud singled to center , Rodriguez and Sheffield scored , Posada to second . Williams pitching for Orioles . Sierra singled to center , Posada to third , Olerud to second . Cairo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Posada scored , Sierra out at second , Olerud to third . Lofton grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Heredia pitching for Yankees . Bigbie grounded out to second . Roberts flied out to center . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Raines Jr in center field . Bigbie in left field . Newhan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Jeter struck out looking . Rodriguez flied out to left . Karsay pitching for Yankees . Sheffield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Karsay pitching for Yankees . Mora homered to center . Tejada flied out to center . Palmeiro grounded out to pitcher . Lopez singled to left . Julio pitching for Orioles . Surhoff grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Julio pitching for Orioles . Matsui reached on infield single to third . Posada lined out to center . Olerud lined out to center . Sierra singled to left center , Matsui to third . Sierra to second on fielder 's indifference . Cairo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Orioles 14 .	Third degree : Orioles rock Yanks ' Vazquez