Rays - Top 1st. Nova pitching for Yankees. Jaso grounded out to shortstop. Zobrist struck out looking. Crawford singled to center. Longoria flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Garza pitching for Rays. Jeter flied out to center. Granderson flied out to center. Teixeira grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Johnson grounded out to first. Joyce grounded out to third. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Garza pitching for Rays. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Cano flied out to left. Swisher singled to center. Berkman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Upton struck out swinging. Bartlett walked. Jaso grounded out to second, Bartlett to second. Zobrist struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Garza pitching for Rays. Gardner grounded out to second. Cervelli singled to left. Jeter grounded out to third, Cervelli to second. Granderson homered to right, Cervelli scored. Teixeira lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Crawford flied out to left. Longoria grounded out to second. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Garza pitching for Rays. Rodriguez grounded out to catcher. Cano lined out to center. Swisher walked. Berkman singled to center, Swisher to second. Gardner grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Joyce grounded out to second. Pena lined out to shortstop. Upton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Garza pitching for Rays. Cervelli safe at first on error by second baseman Zobrist. Jeter hit ground rule double to right, Cervelli to third. Granderson walked. Teixeira struck out swinging. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to left, Cervelli scored, Jeter to third, Granderson to second. Cano intentionally walked. Swisher walked, Jeter scored, Granderson to third, Cano to second. Berkman popped out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rays - Top 6th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Bartlett singled to left. Jaso walked, Bartlett to second. Zobrist singled to right, Bartlett to third, Jaso to second. Crawford reached first base on catcher's interference, Bartlett scored, Jaso to third, Zobrist to second. Crawford batting. Longoria grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jaso scored, Crawford out at second, Zobrist to third. Logan pitching for Yankees. Johnson singled to right center, Zobrist scored. Joyce walked, Johnson to second. Pena reached on infield single to first, Johnson to third, Joyce to second. Gaudin pitching for Yankees. Upton walked, Johnson scored, Joyce to third, Pena to second. Bartlett flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Garza pitching for Rays. Gardner reached on infield single to shortstop. Cervelli singled to left, Gardner to third. Jeter singled to center, Gardner scored, Cervelli to third, Jeter to second advancing on throw. Balfour pitching for Rays. Granderson homered to right, Cervelli and Jeter scored. Teixeira flied out to center. Rodriguez struck out looking. Cano struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Jaso singled to shallow left. Zobrist singled to center, Jaso to second. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Zobrist out at second, Jaso to third. Longoria hit sacrifice fly to center, Jaso scored. Wood pitching for Yankees. Crawford stole second. Johnson walked. Joyce flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Cormier pitching for Rays. Swisher singled to shallow left. Berkman walked, Swisher to second. Gardner bunt popped into double play, pitcher to shortstop, Swisher out at second. Cervelli singled to shallow left, Berkman to third. Jeter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Wood pitching for Yankees. Pena struck out swinging. Upton lined out to shortstop. Bartlett popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Ekstrom pitching for Rays. Granderson walked. Granderson stole second. Teixeira fouled out to left. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Cano grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Jaso grounded out to first. Zobrist hit ground rule double to right. Crawford grounded out to third. Longoria singled to shallow right, Zobrist scored. Longoria to second on fielder's indifference. Johnson hit by pitch. Jennings ran for Johnson. Joyce grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 6 - Yankees 8.	Yanks pad AL East lead