Red Sox - Top 1st. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Damon grounded out to shortstop. Mueller grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez singled to right. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Mora reached on infield single to third. Tejada flied out to center. Palmeiro singled to left, Mora tagged out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Millar grounded out to shortstop. Kapler safe at first on error by third baseman Mora. Varitek struck out swinging. Kapler caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Lopez homered to left. Gibbons singled to right. Gibbons stole second. Segui hit by pitch. Bigbie safe at second on error by pitcher Martinez, Gibbons scored, Segui to third. Matos singled to left, Segui scored, Bigbie to third. Matos stole second. Roberts struck out swinging. Mora struck out swinging. Tejada flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Bellhorn flied out to center. Reese walked. Damon grounded out to pitcher, Reese to second, Damon to first. Mueller singled to left, Reese to second. Ramirez singled to center, Reese scored, Mueller to second. Ortiz popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Palmeiro flied out to right. Lopez reached on infield single to third. Gibbons grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Millar flied out to center. Kapler singled to right. Varitek popped out to shortstop. Bellhorn doubled to deep right, Kapler to third. Reese bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Segui popped out to second. Bigbie grounded out to second. Matos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Damon grounded out to second. Mueller singled to left. Ramirez lined out to center. Ortiz hit by pitch, Mueller to second. Millar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Mora struck out looking. Tejada reached on infield single to pitcher. Palmeiro walked, Tejada to second. Lopez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Kapler singled to left. Varitek grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kapler out at second. Bellhorn walked. Reese walked, Bellhorn to second. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Damon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Gibbons grounded out to shortstop. Segui flied out to left. Bigbie struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Mueller singled to center. Ramirez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mueller out at second. Ortiz walked. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Millar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Matos struck out swinging. Roberts walked. Roberts caught stealing second, catcher to second. Mora walked. Tejada singled to shallow right, Mora to third. Palmeiro singled to left center, Mora scored, Tejada to third. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Lopez doubled to deep right center, Tejada and Palmeiro scored. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Gibbons flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Kapler fouled out to first. Varitek walked. Daubach hit for Reese. Bellhorn singled to right, Varitek to second. Crespo ran for Daubach. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Daubach walked, Varitek to third, Bellhorn to second. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Varitek scored, Crespo out at second, Bellhorn to third. Crespo at shortstop. Williamson pitching for Red Sox. Mueller grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Williamson pitching for Red Sox. Segui doubled to right. Bautista ran for Segui. Bigbie struck out looking. Matos safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Crespo, Bautista scored. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matos out at second. Mora grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 9th. Burks hit for Ortiz. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Ramirez struck out looking. Burks grounded out to first. Millar singled to right center. Kapler reached on infield single to shortstop, Millar to second. Varitek struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 2 - Orioles 7.	Orioles, Lopez (three hits) rough up BoSox