Blue Jays - Top 1st. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Johnson walked. Clark struck out looking. Wells flied out to left. Delgado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts grounded out to first. Mora grounded out to third. Tejada flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Phelps grounded out to pitcher. Hinske lined out to right. Cash singled to center. Catalanotto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Palmeiro doubled to left. Lopez fouled out to first. Gibbons flied out to left. Segui grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Gomez walked. Johnson sacrificed to pitcher, Gomez to third. Clark grounded out to second, Gomez scored. Wells singled to right center. Delgado doubled to deep right center, Wells scored, Delgado out at third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Surhoff singled to right. Bigbie singled to left, Surhoff to second. Roberts singled to left, Surhoff scored, Bigbie to second. Mora walked, Bigbie to third, Roberts to second. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bigbie scored, Mora out at second, Roberts to third. Palmeiro hit sacrifice fly to center, Roberts scored. Lopez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Phelps singled to center. Hinske singled to right, Phelps to third. Cash grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phelps out at home, Hinske to second. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Gomez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Gibbons singled to right. Gibbons caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Segui singled to right. Surhoff walked, Segui to second. Bigbie lined out to left. Roberts reached on bunt single to third, Segui to third, Surhoff to second. Mora hit by pitch, Segui scored, Surhoff to third, Roberts to second. Tejada safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Towers, Surhoff and Roberts scored, Mora to third. Palmeiro singled to right, Mora scored, Tejada to second. Lopez popped out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 5th. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Clark grounded out to second. Wells grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Gibbons struck out looking. Segui struck out swinging. Surhoff singled to right. Bigbie flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Delgado flied out to left. Phelps grounded out to third. Hinske popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Mora reached on infield single to pitcher. Tejada doubled to deep left, Mora to third, Mora scored on error by left fielder Catalanotto. Palmeiro grounded out to first, Tejada to third. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 7th. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Cash flied out to left. Catalanotto struck out looking. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Gomez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Gibbons homered to right. Segui grounded out to catcher. Surhoff singled to right. Bigbie singled to right, Surhoff to second. Roberts doubled to deep right, Surhoff scored, Bigbie to third. Mora hit sacrifice fly to center, Bigbie scored. Matos in center field. Bigbie in left field. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Tejada fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Clark walked. Wells doubled to deep left, Clark to third. Delgado hit sacrifice fly to left, Clark scored, Wells to third. Woodward at second base. Berg at first base. Lopez hit for Palmeiro. Phelps struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Lopez hit by pitch. Osik hit for Lopez. Osik struck out swinging. Lopez at first base. Osik catching. Bautista in right field. Groom pitching for Orioles. Gibbons grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Groom pitching for Orioles. Hinske grounded out to second. Hudson hit for Catalanotto. Cash walked. Hudson struck out looking. Gomez singled to left, Cash to second. Johnson singled to center, Cash to third, Gomez to second. Clark popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 3 - Orioles 11.	DuBose, Orioles overwhelm Blue Jays