Blue Jays - Top 1st. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Clark safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada. Catalanotto singled to left, Clark to second. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Catalanotto out at second, Clark to third. Delgado struck out swinging. Phelps safe at first on error by third baseman Mora, Clark scored, Wells to second. Hinske singled to left, Wells scored, Phelps to third. Cash grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hinske out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts grounded out to pitcher. Mora singled to left. Mora stole second. Tejada safe at second on error by right fielder Clark, Mora to third. Palmeiro grounded out to first, Mora scored, Tejada to third. Lopez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Hudson grounded out to third. Woodward singled to left. Clark doubled to left, Woodward to third. Catalanotto popped out to shortstop. Wells singled to center, Woodward and Clark scored. Delgado singled to center, Wells scored, Delgado to second advancing on throw. Phelps struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Gibbons grounded out to second. Matos flied out to left. Bigbie doubled to left. Osik struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Hinske popped out to shortstop. Cash grounded out to shortstop. Hudson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts grounded out to first. Mora grounded out to pitcher. Tejada walked. Palmeiro doubled to deep right center, Tejada scored. Lopez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Woodward tripled to deep right center. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Catalanotto hit sacrifice fly to center, Woodward scored. Wells struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Gibbons flied out to right. Matos reached on infield single to second. Bigbie grounded into fielder's choice to second, Matos out at second. Osik struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Delgado walked. Phelps hit by pitch, Delgado to second. Hinske flied out to left. Cash struck out swinging. Hudson singled to right, Delgado tagged out at home, Phelps to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts singled to center. Mora singled to right, Roberts to third. Tejada hit sacrifice fly to center, Roberts scored. Mora to second on passed ball by Cash. Palmeiro walked. Lopez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Palmeiro out at second, Mora to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Woodward doubled to deep center. Clark flied out to center. Catalanotto walked. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Wells singled to left, Woodward to third, Catalanotto to second. Delgado doubled to deep right, Woodward and Catalanotto scored, Wells to third. Phelps intentionally walked. Hinske batting. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Gibbons struck out swinging. Matos singled to left center. Bigbie grounded into fielder's choice to second, Matos out at second. Osik fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Cash walked. Hudson struck out looking. Woodward grounded out to second, Cash to second. Johnson hit for Clark. Johnson in right field. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts flied out to center. Mora grounded out to shortstop. Tejada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Catalanotto grounded out to first. Wells walked. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Delgado walked, Wells to second. Phelps singled to center, Wells scored, Delgado to second. Hinske doubled to left, Delgado scored, Phelps to third. Cash flied out to right. Hudson walked. Woodward doubled to deep left, Phelps and Hinske scored, Hudson to third. Johnson singled to left, Hudson and Woodward scored. Bauer pitching for Orioles. Catalanotto hit by pitch, Johnson to second. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Lopez hit for Palmeiro. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Catalanotto out at second, Johnson to third. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Lopez popped out to first. Bautista hit for Gibbons. Lopez struck out swinging. Bautista walked. Lopez at first base. Bautista in right field. Groom pitching for Orioles. Gomez hit for Delgado. Matos flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Groom pitching for Orioles. Gomez singled to left. Phelps singled to right, Gomez to third, Phelps thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Hinske struck out looking. Gomez at first base. Nakamura pitching for Blue Jays. Cash struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Nakamura pitching for Blue Jays. Bigbie struck out swinging. Osik struck out looking. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 15 - Orioles 3.	Jays jump all over Ponson and Orioles