Indians - Top 1st. Ainsworth pitching for Orioles. Lawton flied out to left. Vizquel struck out swinging. Gerut grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Roberts lined out to left. Mora grounded out to third. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Ainsworth pitching for Orioles. Martinez walked. Hafner struck out swinging. Belliard lined out to left. Broussard singled to right, Martinez to second. Blake singled to shallow left, Martinez scored, Broussard to second. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Palmeiro struck out swinging. Lopez doubled to right. Gibbons flied out to left. Surhoff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Ainsworth pitching for Orioles. Lawton reached on infield single to second. Vizquel walked, Lawton to second, Lawton to third on throwing error by catcher Lopez. Gerut homered to right, Lawton and Vizquel scored. Martinez walked. Hafner grounded into double play, pitcher to second to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. Belliard flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Matos grounded out to shortstop. Bigbie grounded out to second. Roberts singled to shallow left. Mora singled to right center, Roberts to third. Tejada walked, Mora to second. Palmeiro flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Ainsworth pitching for Orioles. Broussard flied out to left. Blake walked. Crisp flied out to center. Lawton fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Lopez singled to right. Gibbons singled to center, Lopez to third, Gibbons to second on error by third baseman Blake. Surhoff struck out swinging. Matos singled to right, Lopez scored, Gibbons to third. Bigbie doubled to left, Gibbons and Matos scored. Roberts lined out to right. Mora doubled to deep right, Bigbie scored. Tejada grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 5th. Ainsworth pitching for Orioles. Vizquel walked. Gerut singled to shallow left, Vizquel to second. Vizquel to third on wild pitch by Ainsworth. Martinez popped out to shortstop. Hafner homered to right center, Vizquel and Gerut scored. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Belliard fouled out to first. Broussard grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Palmeiro walked. Lopez struck out swinging. Gibbons grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Palmeiro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Blake struck out swinging. Crisp walked. Crisp stole second. Lawton struck out swinging. Vizquel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Surhoff grounded out to second. Matos grounded out to second. Bigbie flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Gerut grounded out to second. Martinez struck out swinging. Hafner walked. Belliard singled to left, Hafner to second. Broussard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Roberts singled to right. Mora doubled to left, Roberts to third. Stewart pitching for Indians. Tejada lined out to shortstop. Palmeiro lined out to second. Lopez intentionally walked. Gibbons doubled to right, Roberts, Mora and Lopez scored. Surhoff singled to shallow left, Gibbons scored. Matos safe at first on error by second baseman Belliard, Surhoff to third. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Bigbie grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 8th. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Blake struck out swinging. Crisp lined out to third. White pitching for Indians. Lawton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. White pitching for Indians. Roberts safe at first on error by shortstop Vizquel. Roberts stole second. Mora sacrificed to pitcher, Roberts to third. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Palmeiro intentionally walked. Lopez singled to center, Roberts scored, Palmeiro to second. Julio pitching for Orioles. Gibbons reached on infield single to first, Palmeiro scored, Lopez tagged out at third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 9th. Julio pitching for Orioles. Vizquel struck out swinging. Gerut flied out to center. Martinez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 7 - Orioles 10.	Orioles rally twice to topple Cleveland