Orioles - Top 1st. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Roberts safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter. Mora walked, Roberts to second. Tejada singled to left, Roberts scored, Mora to second. Palmeiro walked, Mora to third, Tejada to second. Lopez hit sacrifice fly to right, Mora scored, Tejada to third. Surhoff grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tejada scored, Palmeiro safe at third on error by second baseman Wilson, Surhoff safe at second on error by second baseman Wilson. Palmeiro scored, Surhoff to third on wild pitch by Contreras. Matos walked. Bigbie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Surhoff scored, Matos out at second. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Hairston Jr singled to center, Bigbie to third. Hairston Jr stole second. Roberts grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Jeter grounded out to third. Williams walked. Rodriguez walked, Williams to second. Sheffield homered to left, Williams and Rodriguez scored. Posada lined out to left. Matsui grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Mora flied out to right. Tejada flied out to center. Palmeiro walked. Lopez singled to right, Palmeiro to second. Surhoff walked, Palmeiro to third, Lopez to second. Matos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Surhoff out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Sierra flied out to left. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Wilson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Bigbie grounded out to pitcher. Hairston Jr reached on bunt single to pitcher. Roberts walked, Hairston Jr to second. Hairston Jr picked off second. Mora grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Jeter struck out looking. Williams flied out to center. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Tejada fouled out to catcher. Palmeiro doubled to right. Lopez grounded out to third. Surhoff struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Sheffield hit by pitch. Posada walked, Sheffield to second. Matsui flied out to center. Sierra grounded into fielder's choice double play, first to catcher, Sheffield scored, Posada out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Matos struck out swinging. Bigbie grounded out to shortstop. Hairston Jr singled to center. Roberts popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Clark struck out swinging. Wilson grounded out to third. Jeter homered to left. Williams grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Mora grounded out to third. Tejada singled to left. Palmeiro walked, Tejada to second. Prinz pitching for Yankees. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Palmeiro out at second, Tejada to third. Surhoff struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Rodriguez singled to center. Sheffield walked, Rodriguez to second. Groom pitching for Orioles. Posada walked, Rodriguez to third, Sheffield to second. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rodriguez scored, Posada out at second, Sheffield to third. Sierra hit sacrifice fly to right, Sheffield scored. Clark grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Prinz pitching for Yankees. Matos flied out to right. Bigbie struck out swinging. Hairston Jr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Groom pitching for Orioles. Wilson grounded out to third. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Jeter struck out swinging. Williams flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Roberts singled to center. Mora grounded into double play, third to second to first, Roberts out at second. Tejada lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Sheffield walked. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Posada struck out swinging. Matsui struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Palmeiro flied out to deep right. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Surhoff singled to shallow left center. Raines Jr ran for Surhoff. Matos safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter, Raines Jr to second. Leon hit for Bigbie. Raines Jr stole third, Matos stole second. Leon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 5 - Yankees 6.	Yankees rally, win 8th win of last 9