Royals - Top 1st. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Relaford struck out swinging. Graffanino doubled to deep right. Sweeney flied out to center. Harvey struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. May pitching for Royals. Roberts flied out to right. Hairston Jr singled to center. Tejada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hairston Jr out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Mateo grounded out to shortstop. Stairs struck out swinging. Berroa singled to right center. Berroa to second on balk by Bedard. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. May pitching for Royals. Lopez walked. Palmeiro flied out to center. Leon grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Buck reached on infield single to third. Relaford singled to left, Buck to second. Graffanino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Relaford out at second, Buck to third. Buck caught stealing home, catcher to shortstop to catcher, Graffanino to second on runner's fielder's choice. Sweeney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. May pitching for Royals. Bigbie grounded out to first. Matos bunt grounded out to third. Newhan reached on infield single to third. Roberts bunt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Harvey grounded out to second. Mateo flied out to center. Stairs struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. May pitching for Royals. Hairston Jr struck out swinging. Tejada popped out to first. Lopez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Berroa walked. Brown popped out to shortstop. Buck struck out swinging. Berroa caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. May pitching for Royals. Palmeiro reached on infield single to pitcher. Leon struck out swinging. Bigbie flied out to center. Matos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Palmeiro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Relaford walked. Graffanino singled to shallow center, Relaford to third. Sweeney doubled to deep left, Relaford and Graffanino scored, Sweeney to third advancing on throw. Harvey struck out swinging. Mateo walked. Jackson hit for Stairs. Mateo stole second. Jackson struck out looking. Berroa doubled to left, Sweeney and Mateo scored. Jackson in right field. Brown flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. May pitching for Royals. Newhan flied out to right. Roberts singled to left. Roberts caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Hairston Jr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Buck singled to left. Relaford grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Buck out at second. Graffanino grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. May pitching for Royals. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Lopez flied out to center. Palmeiro grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Sweeney singled to center. Harvey struck out looking. Mateo struck out swinging. Jackson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. May pitching for Royals. Leon grounded out to shortstop. Bigbie struck out swinging. Matos flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Berroa safe at first on error by pitcher Borkowski. Brown singled to left, Berroa to second. Buck sacrificed to third, Berroa to third, Brown to second. Relaford intentionally walked. Graffanino hit sacrifice fly to center, Berroa scored, Brown to third, Relaford to second. Sweeney singled to center, Brown and Relaford scored. Harvey grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sweeney out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 9th. May pitching for Royals. Newhan singled to right center. Roberts struck out swinging. Hairston Jr popped out to second. Tejada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 7 - Orioles 0.	KC blanks O's to end eight-game losing streak