Orioles - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Royals. Roberts doubled to deep right. Newhan struck out swinging. Mora popped out to second. Tejada homered to left, Roberts scored. Palmeiro doubled to deep right. Garcia flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. DeJesus walked. DeJesus to second on wild pitch by Cabrera. Graffanino grounded out to third. Sweeney singled to center, DeJesus scored. Stairs walked, Sweeney to second. Harvey singled to right, Sweeney to third, Stairs to second. Brown struck out swinging. Berroa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harvey out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Hairston Jr doubled to deep left. Bigbie homered to right center, Hairston Jr scored. Machado homered to left. Roberts grounded out to first. Newhan grounded out to second. Mora struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Relaford struck out swinging. Castillo grounded out to second. DeJesus walked. Graffanino grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Tejada singled to shallow center. Palmeiro doubled to deep center, Tejada scored. Garcia homered to right, Palmeiro scored. Reyes pitching for Royals. Hairston Jr grounded out to shortstop. Bigbie reached on infield single to shortstop. Machado flied out to left. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bigbie out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Garcia in right field. Matos in center field. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Sweeney flied out to right. Stairs doubled to deep right center. Harvey singled to left, Stairs to third. Brown struck out swinging. Harvey caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Reyes pitching for Royals. Newhan struck out swinging. Mora doubled to deep center. Tejada struck out swinging. Palmeiro grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Lopez at second base. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Berroa safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Roberts. Relaford safe at second on error by first baseman Palmeiro, Berroa to third. Castillo grounded out to second, Berroa scored, Relaford to third. DeJesus doubled to deep left center, Relaford scored. Graffanino grounded out to second, DeJesus to third. Sweeney walked. Stairs grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Reyes pitching for Royals. Garcia grounded out to first. Matos grounded out to shortstop. Bigbie reached on infield single to first. Bigbie to second on passed ball by Castillo. Machado walked. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Harvey singled to center. Brown singled to right, Harvey to second. Berroa struck out swinging, Harvey to third on wild pitch by Cabrera. Relaford grounded into fielder's choice to first, Harvey out at home, Brown to second. Castillo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Reyes pitching for Royals. Newhan reached on infield single to first. Mora walked, Newhan to second. Newhan to third, Mora to second on wild pitch by Reyes. Tejada grounded out to third. Palmeiro grounded out to third. Garcia homered to right, Newhan and Mora scored. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Matos flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. DeJesus struck out looking. Graffanino singled to center. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop, Graffanino to second. Field pitching for Royals. Stairs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Field pitching for Royals. Bigbie grounded out to second. Machado doubled to deep center. Lopez singled to center, Machado scored. Newhan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lopez out at second. Mora grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Harvey grounded out to shortstop. Jackson hit for Berroa. Brown struck out swinging. Jackson walked. Bautista at third base. Jackson at shortstop. Relaford at second base. Relaford flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Field pitching for Royals. Tejada grounded out to first. Palmeiro struck out swinging. Garcia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Castillo flied out to center. DeJesus flied out to center. Bautista singled to center. Sweeney hit by pitch, Bautista to second. Bukvich pitching for Royals. Stairs flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Bukvich pitching for Royals. Matos lined out to third. Bigbie struck out looking. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Machado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Harvey grounded out to shortstop. Brown grounded out to pitcher. Jackson doubled to deep right. Relaford reached on infield single to second, Jackson to third. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 12 - Royals 3.	Garcia hits two of Orioles' five homers in K.C.