Orioles - Top 1st. Sele pitching for Angels. Roberts singled to left. Newhan struck out swinging. Mora doubled to deep center, Roberts scored. Tejada struck out swinging. Palmeiro walked. Lopez reached on infield single to second, Mora to third, Palmeiro to second. Surhoff grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Eckstein singled to center. Figgins tripled to deep center, Eckstein scored. Guerrero popped out to second. Anderson safe at first on error by first baseman Palmeiro, Figgins scored. Guillen flied out to center. Erstad walked, Anderson to second. Quinlan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Erstad out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 2nd. Sele pitching for Angels. Bigbie homered to center. Hairston Jr singled to center. Roberts singled to left, Hairston Jr to second. Newhan sacrificed to third, Hairston Jr to third, Roberts to second. Mora lined out to second. Tejada flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Kennedy flied out to right. Paul flied out to center. Eckstein struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Sele pitching for Angels. Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop. Lopez grounded out to third. Surhoff singled to right. Bigbie grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Figgins lined out to third. Guerrero grounded out to second. Anderson walked. Guillen popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Sele pitching for Angels. Hairston Jr singled to right. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hairston Jr safe at second on error by shortstop Eckstein. Newhan grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Roberts out at second, Hairston Jr to third. Mora walked. Tejada singled to right, Hairston Jr scored, Mora to third. Palmeiro singled to left, Mora scored, Tejada to second. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop, Tejada to third, Palmeiro to second. Surhoff flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Erstad walked. Quinlan hit ground rule double to deep left, Erstad to third. Kennedy popped out to shortstop. Paul reached on infield single to second, Erstad scored, Quinlan to third. Eckstein grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Quinlan out at home, Paul to second. Figgins flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Sele pitching for Angels. Bigbie walked. Bigbie caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Hairston Jr popped out to shortstop. Roberts doubled to deep center. Gregg pitching for Angels. Newhan singled to right, Roberts scored, Newhan to second advancing on throw. Mora walked. Tejada singled to center, Newhan scored, Mora to second, Mora to third advancing on throw. Palmeiro grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Guerrero walked. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Guerrero out at second. Guillen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Anderson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Lopez struck out swinging. Surhoff safe at first on error by third baseman Quinlan. Bigbie struck out swinging. Hairston Jr flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 6th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Erstad grounded out to second. Quinlan walked. Kennedy grounded out to third, Quinlan to second. Paul struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Roberts singled to right. Newhan singled to center, Roberts to third. Newhan stole second. Mora struck out swinging. Tejada intentionally walked. Palmeiro popped out to shortstop. Williams pitching for Orioles. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Figgins grounded out to third. Hensley pitching for Angels. Guerrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Hensley pitching for Angels. Surhoff singled to right. Bigbie walked, Surhoff to second. Hairston Jr sacrificed to pitcher, Surhoff to third, Bigbie to second. Roberts walked. Newhan singled to center, Surhoff and Bigbie scored, Roberts to second. Mora struck out swinging. Tejada homered to left, Roberts and Newhan scored. Palmeiro struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Anderson grounded out to second. Guillen walked. Erstad singled to left, Guillen to second. Quinlan reached on infield single to second, Guillen to third, Erstad to second. Amezaga at shortstop. Davanon in right field. Pride in left field. Kennedy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Quinlan out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Gibbons hit for Surhoff. Hensley pitching for Angels. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Gibbons struck out looking. Bigbie doubled to deep center. Machado catching. Gibbons in right field. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Hairston Jr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Paul flied out to left. Davanon struck out swinging. Figgins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 11 - Angels 3.	Orioles roll to eighth straight victory