Yankees - Top 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Jeter walked. Rodriguez fouled out to right. Sheffield struck out swinging. Jeter to second on wild pitch by Cabrera. Matsui walked. Posada walked, Jeter to third, Matsui to second. Sierra walked, Jeter scored, Matsui to third, Posada to second. Olerud lined out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Roberts grounded out to first. Newhan safe at first on error by third baseman Rodriguez. Mora doubled to right, Newhan to third. Tejada grounded out to pitcher. Palmeiro doubled to deep right, Newhan and Mora scored. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Cairo singled to right. Lofton lined out to left. Jeter flied out to center. Rodriguez singled to left, Cairo to third. Sheffield walked, Rodriguez to second. Matsui walked, Cairo scored, Rodriguez to third, Sheffield to second. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Posada flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Surhoff struck out swinging. Gibbons singled to left. Bigbie singled to center, Gibbons to second. Roberts flied out to center. Gibbons to third, Bigbie to second on wild pitch by Lieber. Newhan singled to right, Gibbons and Bigbie scored, Newhan to second advancing on throw. Bauer pitching for Orioles. Mora struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Bauer pitching for Orioles. Sierra grounded out to second. Olerud lined out to first. Cairo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Tejada flied out to left. Palmeiro struck out looking. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Bauer pitching for Orioles. Lofton popped out to shortstop. Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to third, Jeter to second. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Surhoff singled to left. Gibbons singled to right, Surhoff to third. Bigbie singled to right, Surhoff scored, Gibbons to second. Roberts grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bigbie out at second, Gibbons to third. Newhan singled to shallow right, Gibbons scored. Mora lined out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Bauer pitching for Orioles. Matsui flied out to left. Posada walked. Sierra grounded into fielder's choice to third, Posada out at second. Olerud walked, Sierra to second. Cairo singled to right center, Sierra scored, Olerud to third. Olerud out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Lofton batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Tejada safe at first on error by second baseman Cairo. Palmeiro flied out to left. Lopez flied out to left. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Surhoff lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 6th. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Lofton singled to right center. Jeter walked, Lofton to second. Rodriguez doubled to deep right, Lofton and Jeter scored. Groom pitching for Orioles. Sheffield singled to left, Rodriguez scored. Matsui singled to right, Sheffield to second. Posada grounded out to third, Sheffield to third, Matsui to second. Sierra intentionally walked. Williams pitching for Orioles. Olerud popped out to shortstop. Cairo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Matsui out at third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Gibbons flied out to right. Bigbie singled to right. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Roberts flied out to center. Grimsley pitching for Orioles. Newhan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Grimsley pitching for Orioles. Lofton singled to right. Lofton stole second. Jeter walked. Rodriguez flied out to right, Lofton to third. Sheffield hit sacrifice fly to left, Lofton scored. Matsui walked, Jeter to second. Jeter to third, Matsui to second on wild pitch by Grimsley. Posada walked. Crosby in right field. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Sierra grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Mora singled to left. Mora to second on passed ball by Posada. Tejada grounded out to third. Palmeiro grounded out to second, Mora to third. Lopez singled to center, Mora scored. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Surhoff struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Olerud walked. Wilson ran for Olerud. Cairo grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Wilson safe at second on error by pitcher Ryan. Lofton struck out looking. Jeter struck out swinging. Clark at first base. Rodriguez lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Gibbons struck out swinging. Bigbie doubled to deep right. Roberts struck out swinging. Julio pitching for Orioles. Raines Jr in center field. Bigbie in left field. Newhan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Julio pitching for Orioles. Sheffield homered to left. Matsui homered to center. Posada struck out looking. Crosby grounded out to third. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Clark struck out swinging, Clark safe at first on passed ball by Lopez. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Cairo grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Mora struck out swinging. Tejada lined out to pitcher. Palmeiro grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 9 - Orioles 7.	Matsui, Sheffield provide Yankees ninth life