Orioles - Top 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Roberts flied out to right. Newhan grounded out to second. Mora doubled to left center. Tejada struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Riley pitching for Orioles. Damon popped out to second. Bellhorn struck out swinging. Ramirez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop. Lopez struck out swinging. Surhoff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Riley pitching for Orioles. Ortiz flied out to center. Millar struck out swinging. Mirabelli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Gibbons struck out swinging. Bigbie struck out looking. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Riley pitching for Orioles. Mueller grounded out to shortstop. Kapler struck out looking. Reese doubled to deep right center. Damon fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Newhan struck out swinging. Mora hit by pitch. Tejada singled to left, Mora to second. Palmeiro walked, Mora to third, Tejada to second. Lopez walked, Mora scored, Tejada to third, Palmeiro to second. Surhoff homered to right center, Tejada, Palmeiro and Lopez scored. Gibbons grounded out to second. Bigbie struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Riley pitching for Orioles. Bellhorn struck out swinging. Ramirez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Mora. Ortiz homered to right, Ramirez scored. Millar grounded out to third. Mirabelli walked. Mueller flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Roberts singled to right. Newhan grounded out to second, Roberts to second. Mora walked. Roberts stole third, Mora stole second. Tejada intentionally walked. Roberts scored, Mora to third, Tejada to second on passed ball by Mirabelli. Palmeiro walked, Mora and scored. Myers pitching for Red Sox. Leon ran for Palmeiro. Lopez singled to right center, Tejada scored, Palmeiro to second. Surhoff grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lopez out at second, Leon to third. Gibbons popped out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Riley pitching for Orioles. Kapler singled to left. Reese struck out swinging. Damon singled to left, Kapler to second. Bellhorn walked, Kapler to third, Damon to second. Ramirez hit ground rule double to deep right center, Kapler and Damon scored, Bellhorn to third. Williams pitching for Orioles. Ortiz popped out to third. Millar grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Bigbie safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Bellhorn. Roberts flied out to right. Newhan popped out to third. Leskanic pitching for Red Sox. Mora grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Mirabelli lined out to shortstop. Mueller singled to center. Kapler walked, Mueller to second. Mientkiewicz hit for Reese. Groom pitching for Orioles. Varitek hit for Mientkiewicz. Varitek reached on infield single to shortstop, Mueller to third, Kapler to second. Damon singled to right, Mueller scored, Kapler to third, Varitek to second. Bellhorn grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kapler scored, Varitek out at third, Damon to second. Gutierrez at shortstop. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Damon out at third, Bellhorn to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Leskanic pitching for Red Sox. Tejada struck out swinging. Leon struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Grimsley pitching for Orioles. Gutierrez at shortstop. Ortiz grounded out to first. Millar singled to left. Mirabelli grounded into fielder's choice to second, Millar out at second, Mirabelli to second on throwing error by shortstop Tejada. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Mueller grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 8th. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Surhoff singled to right. Gibbons grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Surhoff out at second. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Bigbie grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Kapler singled to left. Gutierrez grounded out to third, Kapler to second. Damon struck out swinging. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Bellhorn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Roberts flied out to left. Newhan flied out to right. Mora homered to left. Lopez hit for Leon. Tejada singled to right center. Julio pitching for Orioles. Lopez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Julio pitching for Orioles. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz struck out swinging. Millar fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 10 - Red Sox 6.	Orioles rough up Wakefield as Sox fall again