Orioles - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Roberts hit ground rule double to right. Newhan reached on infield single to shortstop, Roberts to third. Newhan picked off first. Mora singled to center, Roberts scored. Tejada grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mora out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Roberts flied out to right. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Surhoff grounded out to second. Lopez struck out swinging. Bigbie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Ortiz struck out looking. Millar struck out swinging. Varitek walked. Varitek stole second. Mientkiewicz singled to right center, Varitek scored. Mueller grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mientkiewicz out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Gil lined out to right. Gibbons grounded out to second. Roberts walked. Newhan safe at first on error by first baseman Mientkiewicz, Roberts to third. Mora hit ground rule double to right, Roberts scored, Newhan to third. Tejada grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Reese grounded out to second. Roberts singled to center. Roberts caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Surhoff flied out to left. Lopez tripled to deep right. Bigbie struck out swinging. Gil grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Ramirez flied out to left. Ortiz reached on infield single to second. Millar fouled out to first. Varitek doubled to left center, Ortiz scored. Mientkiewicz grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Gibbons singled to center. Roberts sacrificed to third, Gibbons to second. Newhan singled to left, Gibbons to third. Mora popped out to second. Tejada homered to left, Gibbons and Newhan scored. Surhoff singled to left. Lopez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Mueller flied out to left. Reese flied out to right. Roberts singled to center. Cabrera singled to left, Roberts to second. Ramirez walked, Roberts to third, Cabrera to second. Ortiz walked, Roberts scored, Cabrera to third, Ramirez to second. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Millar singled to left, Cabrera and Ramirez scored, Ortiz to second. Adams pitching for Red Sox. Varitek struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Adams pitching for Red Sox. Bigbie grounded out to second. Gil struck out swinging. Gibbons fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Mientkiewicz struck out looking. Mueller struck out swinging. Reese struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Adams pitching for Red Sox. Roberts grounded out to third. Newhan struck out swinging. Kapler hit for Roberts. Mora grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Kapler grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Kapler in center field. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Tejada grounded out to second. Surhoff singled to right. Myers pitching for Red Sox. Lopez singled to left, Surhoff to second. Surhoff to third, Lopez to second on wild pitch by Myers. Bigbie grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Surhoff out at home, Lopez to third, Bigbie to second. Leon hit for Gibbons. Gil intentionally walked. Leon singled to right, Lopez and Bigbie scored, Gil to third, Leon to second advancing on throw. Roberts walked. Leon at first base. Groom pitching for Orioles. Newhan struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Julio pitching for Orioles. Ortiz struck out swinging. Millar grounded out to third. Kim pitching for Red Sox. Varitek struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Kim pitching for Red Sox. Mora popped out to pitcher. Tejada struck out swinging. Surhoff singled to right center. Lopez walked, Surhoff to second. Bigbie singled to center, Surhoff scored, Lopez to second. Gil singled to center, Lopez scored, Bigbie to third, Gil to second on throwing error by center fielder Kapler. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Youkilis hit for Mientkiewicz. Leon popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Youkilis struck out swinging. Burks hit for Reese. Mueller singled to left. Gutierrez ran for Burks. Burks singled to center, Mueller to second. Kapler struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left, Mueller to third, Gutierrez to second. Ramirez singled to left, Mueller and Gutierrez scored, Cabrera to second. Ortiz flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 9 - Red Sox 7.	Orioles barely hold on against Red Sox in 9th