Marlins - Top 1st. Ohka pitching for Nationals. Pierre safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Guzman. Castillo struck out looking. Pierre to second on wild pitch by Ohka. Delgado flied out to center. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Pierre scored. Encarnacion hit by pitch. Lowell flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Leiter pitching for Marlins. Byrd grounded out to second. Carroll singled to left. Guillen hit by pitch, Carroll to second. Johnson hit by pitch, Carroll to third, Guillen to second. Castilla doubled to deep center, Carroll, Guillen and Johnson scored. Church singled to left, Castilla to third. Bennett grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Church out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Ohka pitching for Nationals. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to left. Leiter sacrificed to catcher, Gonzalez to second. Pierre doubled to deep right, Gonzalez scored. Castillo walked. Delgado reached on infield single to shortstop, Pierre to third, Castillo to second. Cabrera flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Leiter pitching for Marlins. Guzman popped out to first. Ohka flied out to right. Byrd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Ohka pitching for Nationals. Encarnacion homered to left. Lowell reached on infield single to pitcher. Lo Duca lined out to left. Gonzalez popped out to second. Leiter flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Leiter pitching for Marlins. Carroll grounded out to first. Guillen flied out to left. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Ohka pitching for Nationals. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. Castillo singled to left. Kim pitching for Nationals. Delgado walked, Castillo to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Encarnacion flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Leiter pitching for Marlins. Castilla walked. Church reached on bunt single to pitcher, Castilla to second. Bennett grounded into double play, second to first, Church out at second, Castilla to third. Guzman intentionally walked. Kim grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Kim pitching for Nationals. Lowell grounded out to third. Lo Duca struck out looking. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Leiter pitching for Marlins. Byrd grounded out to third. Carroll doubled to left. Guillen flied out to left, Carroll to third. Johnson singled to center, Carroll scored. Castilla walked, Johnson to second. Dillon hit for Leiter. Church struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Kim pitching for Nationals. Dillon struck out looking. Pierre grounded out to second. Castillo reached on infield single to pitcher. Delgado singled to center, Castillo to third. Riedling pitching for Marlins. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Delgado out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Riedling pitching for Marlins. Bennett struck out swinging. Guzman singled to right. Kim sacrificed to pitcher, Guzman to second. Blanco in left field. Washington's Byrd ejected by Brinkman in the 7th. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Kim pitching for Nationals. Encarnacion walked. Lowell struck out swinging. Lo Duca singled to center, Encarnacion to second. Harris hit for Riedling. Gonzalez flied out to center. Nitkowski pitching for Nationals. Conine hit for Harris. Mota pitching for Marlins. Conine grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Mota pitching for Marlins. Carroll walked. Guillen grounded out to second. Johnson singled to center, Carroll scored, Johnson out stretching at second. Castilla grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Nitkowski pitching for Nationals. Pierre bunt grounded out to third. Castillo grounded out to third. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Baerga hit for Bennett. Mota pitching for Marlins. Church tripled to deep right. Baerga hit by pitch. Schneider hit for Nitkowski. Guzman singled to left, Church scored, Baerga to second. Schneider bunted into double play, catcher to third to first, Baerga out at third. Smith pitching for Marlins. Blanco doubled to deep left, Guzman scored. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Schneider catching. Wilkerson in left field. Carroll struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Cabrera singled to right. Encarnacion flied out to left. Lowell flied out to center. Lo Duca singled to center, Cabrera to third. Lo Duca to second on fielder's indifference. Gonzalez popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 3 - Nationals 7.	Nationals top Marlins; OF Byrd topples umpire