Marlins - Top 1st. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Pierre grounded out to first. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Delgado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Rollins bunt grounded out to pitcher. Martinez safe at first on error by shortstop Gonzalez. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to first, Martinez out at second. Burrell walked, Abreu to second. Utley homered to right, Abreu and Burrell scored. Michaels singled to center. Howard struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 2nd. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Cabrera grounded out to second. Encarnacion flied out to right. Lo Duca singled to left. Lowell singled to deep left, Lo Duca to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Pratt homered to left. Lieber grounded out to first. Rollins popped out to second. Martinez singled to center. Bump pitching for Marlins. Abreu singled to right, Martinez to third. Abreu stole second. Burrell singled to center, Martinez and Abreu scored. Utley singled to center, Burrell to third. Michaels grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Bump reached on infield single to third. Pierre struck out swinging. Castillo singled to left, Bump to second. Delgado singled to center, Bump scored, Castillo to third. Cabrera popped out to second. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Delgado out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Bump pitching for Marlins. Howard walked. Pratt singled to center, Howard to second. Lieber grounded into fielder's choice to first, Howard out at third, Pratt to second. Rollins singled to center, Pratt to third, Lieber to second. Martinez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rollins out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Lo Duca grounded out to pitcher. Lowell lined out to pitcher. Gonzalez fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Abreu walked. Abreu caught stealing second, catcher to second. Burrell popped out to second. Utley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Bump struck out swinging. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Castillo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Michaels walked. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Howard singled to center, Michaels to third. Pratt struck out swinging, Howard to second on wild pitch by Messenger. Lieber grounded out to pitcher. Rollins intentionally walked. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Delgado singled to right. Cabrera singled to center, Delgado to second. Encarnacion homered to left center, Delgado and Cabrera scored. Lo Duca reached on infield single to second. Lowell popped out to second. Conine hit for Messenger. Gonzalez popped out to second. Mota pitching for Marlins. Conine grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Mota pitching for Marlins. Abreu flied out to center. Burrell struck out swinging. Madson pitching for Phillies. Utley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Pierre reached on bunt single to third. Pierre stole second. Castillo struck out swinging. Delgado struck out swinging. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Pierre to third. Pierre scored, Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Madson. Encarnacion grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Mota pitching for Marlins. Michaels singled to center. Howard walked, Michaels to second. Lofton hit for Madson. Pratt struck out swinging. Lofton safe at first on error by first baseman Delgado, Michaels to third, Howard to second. Perez hit for Martinez. Rollins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Michaels scored, Lofton out at second, Howard to third. Rollins stole second. Perez singled to center, Howard and Rollins scored. Perez at third base. Urbina pitching for Phillies. Abreu flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 8th. Urbina pitching for Phillies. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop. Lowell flied out to center. Easley hit for Mota. Gonzalez walked. Resop pitching for Marlins. Easley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Resop pitching for Marlins. Burrell struck out looking. Utley grounded out to second. Michaels singled to center. Howard walked, Michaels to second. Chavez hit for Urbina. Pratt singled to left, Michaels scored, Howard to second. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Michaels in left field. Chavez in center field. Chavez flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. Castillo flied out to center. Delgado hit by pitch. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Phillies 10.	Phillies deal sinking Marlins another loss