Marlins - Top 1st. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Pierre walked. Castillo walked, Pierre to second. Pierre to third on wild pitch by Hennessey. Delgado struck out swinging. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Pierre scored, Castillo to third. Lo Duca grounded out to second, Castillo scored, Cabrera to third. Encarnacion doubled to left, Cabrera scored. Lowell flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Sanchez grounded out to second. Vizquel struck out swinging. Snow flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Easley singled to left center. Beckett bunted into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second, Easley out at second. Pierre singled to right. Pierre caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Castillo batting. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Alou flied out to center. Durham homered to right. Feliz doubled to deep center. Tucker singled to right, Feliz scored. Matheny struck out swinging. Hennessey struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Castillo walked. Delgado grounded out to first, Castillo to second. Cabrera grounded out to third, Castillo to third. Lo Duca popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Sanchez struck out looking. Vizquel grounded out to first. Snow struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Lowell lined out to left. Easley walked. Beckett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Alou struck out looking. Durham grounded out to second. Feliz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Pierre reached on bunt single to catcher. Pierre stole second. Castillo sacrificed to third, Pierre to third. Delgado homered to right, Pierre scored. Cabrera homered to center. Lo Duca singled to left. Rueter pitching for Giants. Encarnacion singled to left, Lo Duca to second. Lowell doubled to deep center, Lo Duca scored, Encarnacion to third. Easley intentionally walked. Beckett hit sacrifice fly to center, Encarnacion scored. Pierre lined out to left. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Tucker grounded out to second. Matheny singled to left. Rueter grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Matheny out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Rueter pitching for Giants. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Delgado doubled to center. Cabrera walked. Lo Duca singled to right, Delgado to third, Cabrera to second. Encarnacion singled to left, Delgado scored, Cabrera to third, Lo Duca to second. Lowell singled to center, Cabrera scored, Lo Duca to third, Encarnacion to second, Lo Duca scored, Encarnacion to third, Lowell to second on throwing error by center fielder Sanchez. Easley hit sacrifice fly to center, Encarnacion scored. Beckett flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 6th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Sanchez flied out to center. Vizquel grounded out to shortstop. Snow grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Rueter pitching for Giants. Pierre lined out to third. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Conine hit for Delgado. Conine at first base. Aguila in left field. Treanor catching. Mecir pitching for Marlins. Ellison hit for Alou. Conine grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Mecir pitching for Marlins. Ellison struck out swinging. Durham popped out to shortstop. Cruz at shortstop. Alfonzo at third base. Ellison in center field. Feliz in left field. Feliz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Rueter pitching for Giants. Aguila doubled to deep left. Treanor walked. Encarnacion flied out to center. Lowell singled to center, Aguila scored, Treanor to second. Harris hit for Mecir. Easley flied out to center, Treanor to third. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Harris doubled to left, Treanor scored, Lowell to third. Pierre reached on infield single to third, Lowell scored, Harris to third. Castillo singled to left, Harris scored, Pierre to second. Mota pitching for Marlins. Conine flied out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Mota pitching for Marlins. Tucker flied out to left. Niekro hit for Christiansen. Matheny doubled to right. Niekro doubled to left, Matheny scored. Cruz doubled to deep left, Niekro scored. Torrealba hit for Snow. Alfonzo flied out to right. Fassero pitching for Giants. Niekro at first base. Torrealba grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Fassero pitching for Giants. Aguila singled to left center. Treanor struck out swinging. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Encarnacion grounded into double play, third to second to first, Aguila out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Ellison grounded out to first. Durham grounded out to second. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 16 - Giants 4.	Beckett strong in return from DL as Marlins pound Giants