Nationals - Top 1st. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Vidro grounded out to first. Guillen fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Armas pitching for Nationals. Pierre singled to center. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierre out at second. Conine singled to center, Castillo to second. Cabrera walked, Castillo to third, Conine to second. Lo Duca doubled to deep center, Castillo, Conine and Cabrera scored. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Lo Duca to third on wild pitch by Armas Jr. Lowell hit by pitch. Easley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lowell out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Johnson struck out looking. Wilson struck out looking. Castilla flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Beckett grounded out to second. Pierre grounded out to second. Castillo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Schneider homered to right. Guzman singled to right. Armas Jr struck out bunting foul. Wilkerson grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Guzman out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Conine flied out to right. Cabrera singled to left. Lo Duca grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. Encarnacion walked, Lo Duca to second. Lo Duca to third, Encarnacion to second on wild pitch by Armas Jr. Lowell lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Vidro struck out swinging. Guillen grounded out to second. Johnson walked. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Easley grounded out to shortstop. Beckett flied out to left. Pierre grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Castilla grounded out to pitcher. Schneider flied out to center. Guzman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Castillo flied out to left. Conine popped out to shortstop. Cabrera walked. Lo Duca singled to right center, Cabrera to second. Encarnacion singled to left center, Cabrera scored, Lo Duca to second. Lowell flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Armas Jr struck out looking. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Vidro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Easley grounded out to first. Beckett grounded out to third. Pierre walked. Pierre stole second. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Guillen singled to left center. Johnson popped out to shortstop. Wilson singled to center, Guillen to third, Wilson to second advancing on throw. Mecir pitching for Marlins. Castilla singled to left, Guillen scored, Wilson to third. Baerga hit for Guzman. Schneider singled to left center, Wilson scored, Castilla to second. Church hit for Armas Jr. Baerga grounded out to first, Castilla to third, Schneider to second. Carroll at shortstop. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Church struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Conine singled to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. Lo Duca grounded out to pitcher, Conine to second. Alfonseca pitching for Marlins. Encarnacion singled to center, Conine thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Alfonseca pitching for Marlins. Wilkerson flied out to right. Vidro bunt grounded out to third. Carrasco pitching for Nationals. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Carrasco pitching for Nationals. Lowell popped out to shortstop. Harris hit for Alfonseca. Eischen pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez hit for Harris. Easley reached on infield single to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Jones pitching for Marlins. Pierre flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Jones pitching for Marlins. Johnson grounded out to first. Wilson grounded out to third. Castilla singled to center. Schneider struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 3 - Marlins 4.	Nationals' funk continues, lose to Beckett, Marlins