Marlins - Top 1st. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Pierre reached on bunt single to pitcher. Castillo grounded out to second, Pierre to second. Cabrera intentionally walked. Delgado singled to center, Pierre scored, Cabrera to third. Conine grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Delgado out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Weeks singled to center. Hart struck out looking. Overbay safe at first on error by second baseman Castillo, Weeks to third. Lee safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Burnett, Weeks and Overbay scored. Jenkins struck out swinging. Hall safe at first on error by shortstop Gonzalez, Lee scored. Miller grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 3 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Lo Duca flied out to right. Lowell singled to left. Gonzalez flied out to center. Burnett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Hardy grounded out to second. Ohka grounded out to catcher. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Pierre reached on infield single to second, Pierre to second on throwing error by second baseman Weeks. Castillo lined out to shortstop. Cabrera doubled to center, Pierre to third. Delgado homered to right, Pierre and Cabrera scored. Conine flied out to right. Lo Duca singled to right. Lowell flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Hart struck out swinging. Overbay flied out to center. Lee singled to deep right. Jenkins singled to center, Lee to second. Hall flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Burnett hit ground rule double to deep left center. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to second, Burnett out at third. Castillo lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Miller grounded out to second. Hardy singled to center. Ohka struck out swinging. Weeks lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Cabrera flied out to center. Delgado fouled out to left. Conine grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Hart walked. Hart stole second. Overbay grounded out to second, Hart to third. Lee grounded out to second, Hart scored. Jenkins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Lo Duca singled to center. Lowell grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lo Duca out at second. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Miller singled to right. Fielder hit for Ohka. Hardy singled to left, Miller to second. Fielder struck out swinging. Weeks singled to deep right, Miller scored, Hardy to second, Hardy scored, Weeks to third on error by right fielder Conine. Eveland pitching for Brewers. Aguila hit for Burnett. Hart lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 7th. Eveland pitching for Brewers. Aguila struck out swinging. Pierre bunt grounded out to third. Alfonseca pitching for Marlins. Castillo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Alfonseca pitching for Marlins. Overbay struck out swinging. Lee grounded out to third. Jenkins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Eveland pitching for Brewers. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Delgado grounded out to first. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Conine grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Hall popped out to second. Miller flied out to center. Magruder hit for Eveland. Hardy singled to center. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Magruder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop. Easley ran for Lowell. Lowell singled to right. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Easley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Brewers 6.	Brew crew: Rookies lead Brewers past sloppy Fish