Marlins - Top 1st. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Castillo grounded out to third. Conine struck out looking. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Rollins reached on infield single to second. Rollins to second on passed ball by Treanor. Lofton flied out to center. Rollins stole third. Utley tripled to deep center, Rollins scored. Abreu struck out looking. Burrell walked. Howard struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Delgado grounded out to third. Encarnacion singled to center. Encarnacion stole second. Easley walked. Pierre singled to right center, Encarnacion scored, Easley to second, Easley to third, Pierre to second on error by right fielder Abreu. Treanor grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Easley scored, Pierre to third. Burnett struck out bunting foul. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Treanor out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Bell grounded out to third. Lieberthal flied out to right. Lidle struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Conine doubled to left. Cabrera singled to right center, Conine scored, Cabrera to second on error by catcher Lieberthal. Delgado singled to center, Cabrera to third. Encarnacion grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera scored, Delgado out at second. Easley singled to center. Easley stole second. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Rollins walked. Lofton doubled to deep left, Rollins scored. Utley flied out to left. Abreu walked. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Burrell doubled to left, Lofton and Abreu scored. Howard homered to center, Burrell scored. Bell hit by pitch. Lieberthal popped out to shortstop. Lidle bunt grounded out to catcher. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Treanor singled to deep left. Moehler struck out swinging. Castillo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Treanor out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Rollins struck out swinging. Lofton flied out to right. Utley lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Conine singled to center. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Conine out at second. Delgado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Abreu singled to right. Burrell flied out to right. Howard struck out swinging, Abreu stole second. Bell singled to right center, Abreu scored. Geary pitching for Phillies. Lieberthal grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bell out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Easley grounded out to third. Pierre singled to shallow center. Pierre stole second. Victorino hit for Geary. Treanor grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Victorino singled to center. Rollins grounded into fielder's choice to second, Victorino out at second. Villone pitching for Marlins. Willingham catching. Michaels hit for Lofton. Michaels walked. Michaels to second on passed ball by Willingham. Utley reached on infield single to second, Rollins scored, Michaels to third, Utley to second advancing on throw. Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center, Michaels scored, Utley to third. Burrell homered to left, Utley scored. Michaels in center field. Madson pitching for Phillies. Howard grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 7th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Willingham singled to right center. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Willingham out at second. Conine popped out to second. Quantrill pitching for Marlins. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Quantrill pitching for Marlins. Bell flied out to right. Kata hit for Madson. Lieberthal flied out to right. Lopez pitching for Phillies. Kata flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Lopez pitching for Phillies. Delgado walked. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Easley singled to deep left, Delgado to third, Easley out stretching at second. Hermida hit for Quantrill. Pierre singled to right, Delgado scored. Hermida singled to left, Pierre to second. Mota pitching for Marlins. Willingham popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Mota pitching for Marlins. Rollins flied out to center. Michaels fouled out to catcher. Utley doubled to deep right. Abreu singled to right center, Utley scored. Chavez ran for Burrell. Burrell walked, Abreu to second. Michaels in left field. Chavez in center field. Howard fouled out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Lopez pitching for Phillies. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Conine singled to deep left. Cabrera struck out swinging. Delgado singled to right, Conine to second. Encarnacion grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Phillies 12.	Burrell tops 100 RBI as Phils end skid