Marlins - Top 1st. Myers pitching for Phillies. Castillo grounded out to second. Hermida struck out swinging. Cabrera reached on infield single to second. Delgado singled to center, Cabrera to second. Conine singled to right, Cabrera to third, Delgado to second. Easley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Marlins. Rollins doubled to deep center. Michaels sacrificed to pitcher, Rollins to third. Abreu singled to center, Rollins scored. Burrell walked, Abreu to second. Utley grounded into double play, third to first, Abreu out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Pierre flied out to right. Treanor grounded out to first. Vargas walked. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vargas out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Marlins. Bell walked. Howard flied out to left. Lieberthal doubled to left, Bell to third. Myers singled to shallow right, Bell scored, Lieberthal to third. Rollins doubled to deep left center, Lieberthal scored, Myers to third. Michaels flied out to right. Abreu walked. Burrell struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Hermida struck out looking. Cabrera lined out to right. Delgado singled to center. Conine doubled to deep right, Delgado scored. Easley doubled to deep left, Conine scored. Johnson pitching for Marlins. Pierre struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for Marlins. Utley fouled out to catcher. Bell grounded out to shortstop. Howard singled to right. Lieberthal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Treanor bunt grounded out to third. Johnson struck out looking. Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop. Castillo stole second. Hermida struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Marlins. Myers grounded out to first. Rollins lined out to pitcher. Michaels walked. Abreu walked, Michaels to second. Burrell popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Cabrera singled to left, Cabrera to second on error by left fielder Burrell. Delgado doubled to deep center, Cabrera scored. Conine grounded out to shortstop. Easley singled to right, Delgado to third. Geary pitching for Phillies. Pierre singled to right, Delgado scored, Easley to third. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Treanor grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pierre out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Utley homered to right center. Bell flied out to center. Howard walked. Lieberthal homered to left center, Howard scored. Geary struck out looking. Rollins tripled to right. Harris hit for Messenger. Michaels flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Harris fouled out to first. Castillo lined out to second. Resop pitching for Marlins. Hermida fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Resop pitching for Marlins. Abreu doubled to deep right center. Burrell struck out looking. Utley flied out to center, Abreu thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Cabrera fouled out to first. Delgado hit by pitch. Conine singled to center, Delgado to second. Easley singled to left center, Delgado scored, Conine to third, Easley to second advancing on throw. Encarnacion hit for Treanor. Pierre intentionally walked. Lo Duca hit for Resop. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Lo Duca singled to left center, Conine and Easley scored, Pierre to second, Pierre to third, Lo Duca to second on throwing error by left fielder Burrell. Alfonseca pitching for Marlins. Lo Duca catching. Castillo flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Alfonseca pitching for Marlins. Bell hit by pitch. Howard grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bell out at second. Urbina pitching for Phillies. Lieberthal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Urbina pitching for Phillies. Hermida struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to right. Mecir pitching for Marlins. Cabrera in left field. Conine in right field. Lowell at third base. Lofton hit for Urbina. Delgado popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Mecir pitching for Marlins. Lofton struck out looking. Rollins walked. Rollins picked off first. Michaels walked. Jones pitching for Marlins. Abreu hit by pitch, Michaels to second. Wagner pitching for Phillies. Burrell grounded into fielder's choice to third, Michaels out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Wagner pitching for Phillies. Conine popped out to second. Easley walked. Pierre flied out to center. Easley stole second. Lowell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Jones pitching for Marlins. Utley singled to right. Bell sacrificed to pitcher, Utley to second. Tucker hit for Lieberthal. Howard grounded out to first, Utley to third. Tucker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 7 - Phillies 6.	Lo Duca's pinch hit gives Marlins comeback win