Twins - Top 1st . Sale pitching for White Sox . Mastroianni struck out swinging . Núñez popped out to second . Sanó singled to right . Plouffe hit ground rule double to deep left center , Sanó to third . Arcia walked , Sanó scored , Plouffe to third , Park to second . Polanco hit by pitch , Plouffe scored , Park to third , Arcia to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Polanco out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Mauer at first base . Santana pitching for Twins . Eaton singled to left . Jackson struck out looking . Abreu singled to left , Eaton to second . Frazier flied out to right . Cabrera walked , Eaton to third , Abreu to second . Lawrie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Sale pitching for White Sox . Santana struck out swinging . Mastroianni grounded out to first . Núñez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Twins . García reached on infield single to shortstop . Navarro doubled to deep center , García scored . Saladino grounded out to shortstop . Eaton flied out to center , Navarro to third . Jackson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Sale pitching for White Sox . Sanó struck out looking . Plouffe struck out looking . Mauer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Twins . Abreu grounded out to second . Frazier homered to left ( 385 feet ) . Cabrera grounded out to second . Lawrie struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Arcia grounded out to third . Polanco doubled to left . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Polanco out at third . Santana fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Twins . García grounded out to shortstop . Navarro doubled to right . Saladino reached on infield single to third , Navarro to third . Eaton walked , Saladino to second . Jackson walked , Navarro scored , Saladino to third , Eaton to second . Kintzler pitching for Twins . Abreu struck out swinging . Frazier grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Mastroianni struck out looking . Núñez struck out swinging . Sanó struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Centeno catching . Kintzler pitching for Twins . Cabrera singled to center . Lawrie popped out to second . García grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Plouffe flied out to left . Mauer struck out looking . Arcia lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Pressly pitching for Twins . Navarro singled to center . Saladino out on batter 's interference to catcher . Saladino batting . Eaton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Navarro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Polanco struck out looking . Centeno grounded out to pitcher . Santana grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Pressly pitching for Twins . Jackson walked . Jackson to second on wild pitch by Pressly . Abreu walked . Frazier doubled to shallow left , Jackson scored , Abreu to third . Cabrera intentionally walked . Lawrie reached on infield single to shortstop , Abreu scored , Frazier to third , Cabrera to second . García hit by pitch , Frazier scored , Cabrera to third , Lawrie to second . Abad pitching for Twins . Navarro lined out to third . Saladino grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at home , Lawrie to third , García to second . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Saladino out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Albers pitching for White Sox . Mastroianni grounded out to second . Núñez reached on infield single to third . Sanó flied out to right . Plouffe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Jepsen pitching for Twins . Jackson doubled to left . Abreu singled to right , Jackson scored . Frazier popped out to second . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher , Abreu to second . Tonkin pitching for Twins . Lawrie struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Duke pitching for White Sox . Mauer struck out looking . Arcia walked . Polanco struck out swinging . Centeno grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 2 - White Sox 7 .	Sale shuts down Twins , first to reach 7 wins