Twins - Top 1st . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Dozier flied out to right . Mauer singled to center . Sanó flied out to right . Vargas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Milone pitching for Twins . Choo struck out swinging . Desmond safe at first on error by third baseman Sanó . Beltré grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Desmond out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Kepler struck out swinging . Grossman singled to right . Rosario singled to left , Grossman to third , Rosario out stretching at second . Suzuki lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Milone pitching for Twins . Rua struck out swinging . Fielder flied out to left . Profar walked . Odor popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Escobar lined out to left . Dozier grounded out to third . Mauer lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Milone pitching for Twins . Andrus fouled out to catcher . Wilson grounded out to third . Choo walked . Choo caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Desmond batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Sanó flied out to center . Vargas homered to center ( 429 feet ) . Kepler flied out to right . Grossman singled to left . Grossman stole second . Rosario popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Milone pitching for Twins . Desmond doubled to left . Beltré struck out swinging . Rua grounded out to third . Fielder flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Suzuki doubled to deep left . Escobar singled to right , Suzuki to third . Dozier flied out to center . Mauer singled to left , Suzuki scored , Escobar to second . Sanó struck out swinging . Vargas walked , Escobar to third , Mauer to second . Kepler homered to right center ( 393 feet ) , Escobar , Mauer and Vargas scored . Grossman lined out to center . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Milone pitching for Twins . Profar grounded out to pitcher . Odor singled to right center . Andrus doubled to deep right , Odor scored . Wilson singled to left , Andrus scored . Choo singled to right , Wilson to second . Desmond grounded into double play , third to first , Wilson out at third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Rosario reached on infield single to second . Rosario picked off first . Suzuki singled to left . Escobar lined out to center . Dozier fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Milone pitching for Twins . Beltré walked . Rogers pitching for Twins . Rua grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Beltré out at second . Fielder grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Mauer grounded out to first . Sanó doubled to deep left center . Vargas walked . Ramos pitching for Rangers . Kepler grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Vargas out at second , Sanó to third . Grossman singled to right , Sanó scored , Kepler to second . Rosario singled to right , Kepler scored , Grossman to second . Suzuki doubled to deep left center , Grossman and Rosario scored . Escobar homered to left ( 438 feet ) , Suzuki scored . Dozier homered to right center ( 411 feet ) . Mauer grounded out to pitcher . 7 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Profar singled to left . Odor struck out swinging . Mazara hit for Andrus . Mazara grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Profar out at second . Wilson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Hoying in center field . Rua at third base . Profar at shortstop . Mazara in left field . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Sanó reached on infield single to third . Vargas walked , Sanó to second . Kepler safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Odor , Sanó scored , Vargas to third . Grossman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kepler out at second , Vargas scored on throwing error by second baseman Odor . Rosario safe at first on error by shortstop Profar , Grossman to third . Suzuki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rosario out at second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Santana at second base . Ramirez pitching for Twins . Choo walked . Hoying flied out to center . Choo to second on wild pitch by Ramirez . Beltré singled to deep center , Choo scored . Chirinos ran for Beltré . Rua struck out swinging . Fielder struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Escobar grounded out to second . Santana struck out swinging . Centeno hit for Mauer . Centeno struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Ramirez pitching for Twins . Profar homered to right ( 393 feet ) . Odor walked . Mazara singled to right , Odor to third . Mazara to second on fielder 's indifference . Wilson struck out swinging . Choo walked . Hoying grounded out to first , Odor scored , Mazara to third , Choo to second . Chirinos popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 15 - Rangers 5 .	Grand time for Twins , go into break with 15 - 5 win at Rangers