Braves - Top 1st . Duffey pitching for Twins . Peterson walked . Beckham doubled to left , Peterson scored . Freeman singled to right , Beckham scored . Markakis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Freeman out at second . García doubled to deep right center . Francoeur homered to center ( 421 feet ) , García scored . Inciarte singled to left . Pierzynski doubled to left , Inciarte to third . Aybar grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Núñez grounded out to pitcher . Mauer grounded out to first . Sanó grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Duffey pitching for Twins . Peterson doubled to deep left center . Beckham grounded out to shortstop . Freeman singled to right , Peterson scored . Tonkin pitching for Twins . Markakis struck out swinging , Freeman stole second . García struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Dozier flied out to right . Vargas singled to left . Rosario flied out to center . Grossman popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Tonkin pitching for Twins . Francoeur singled to left . Inciarte lined out to center . Francoeur stole second . Pierzynski grounded out to second , Francoeur to third . Aybar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Suzuki singled to left . Santana popped out to third . Núñez lined out to right . Mauer singled to right , Suzuki to second . Sanó struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Tonkin pitching for Twins . Peterson struck out looking . Beckham walked . Freeman homered to center ( 422 feet ) , Beckham scored . Markakis struck out swinging . May pitching for Twins . García singled to center . Francoeur struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Dozier doubled to left . Vargas lined out to second . Rosario doubled to deep right , Dozier scored . Rosario to third on wild pitch by Foltynewicz . Grossman struck out looking . Suzuki homered to left ( 361 feet ) , Rosario scored . Santana grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . May pitching for Twins . Inciarte grounded out to first . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Aybar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Núñez singled to center . Mauer doubled to left , Núñez to third . Sanó singled to center , Núñez and Mauer scored . Dozier flied out to right . Vargas struck out swinging . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sanó out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Boshers pitching for Twins . Peterson flied out to left . Beckham doubled to center . Freeman doubled to deep right , Beckham scored . Markakis grounded out to second , Freeman to third . García grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Grossman singled to center . Suzuki popped out to second . Santana reached on infield single to second , Grossman to second . Núñez singled to left , Grossman scored , Santana to second , Santana to third , Núñez to second on error by left fielder Peterson . Krol pitching for Braves . Mauer grounded out to first , Santana scored , Núñez to third . Cabrera pitching for Braves . Sanó struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 7th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Francoeur struck out looking . Inciarte grounded out to second . Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Cabrera pitching for Braves . Dozier flied out to left . Vargas struck out swinging . Rosario singled to right . Rosario to second on wild pitch by Cabrera . Grossman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Aybar singled to right . Peterson singled to left , Aybar to second . Beckham grounded into double play , third to first , Aybar out at third , Peterson to second . Freeman intentionally walked . Markakis singled to center , Peterson scored , Freeman to second . Pressly pitching for Twins . García flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Withrow pitching for Braves . Suzuki safe at first on error by third baseman García . Santana walked , Suzuki to second . Núñez bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Suzuki out at third , Santana to second . Mauer grounded out to second , Santana to third , Núñez to second . Sanó struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 9th . Pressly pitching for Twins . Francoeur struck out swinging . Inciarte struck out swinging . Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Johnson pitching for Braves . Dozier struck out swinging . Vargas grounded out to second . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 9 - Twins 7 .	Freeman HR , 5 RBIs as Braves top Twins for 2 - game sweep