Twins - Top 1st . Bauer pitching for Indians . Dozier lined out to shortstop . Mauer doubled to left center . Kepler walked . Sanó walked , Mauer to third , Kepler to second . Rosario singled to center , Mauer and Kepler scored , Sanó to second . Escobar lined out to right . Polanco walked , Sanó to third , Rosario to second . Centeno grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Duffey pitching for Twins . Santana grounded out to first . Kipnis struck out swinging . Lindor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Santana singled to left . Dozier flied out to left . Mauer singled to center , Santana scored . Kepler flied out to center . Sanó struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Duffey pitching for Twins . Napoli struck out swinging . Ramírez singled to center . Chisenhall singled to right , Ramírez to third . Ramírez scored , Chisenhall to second on wild pitch by Duffey . Naquin struck out looking . Almonte singled to center , Chisenhall scored , Almonte thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Rosario singled to center . Escobar doubled to deep right , Rosario scored . Polanco sacrificed to pitcher , Escobar to third . Centeno walked . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar out at home , Centeno to second . Dozier walked , Centeno to third , Santana to second . Mauer doubled to left center , Centeno and Santana scored , Dozier to third . Kepler singled to right , Dozier and Mauer scored . Armstrong pitching for Indians . Kepler to second on wild pitch by Armstrong . Sanó struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Duffey pitching for Twins . Gimenez flied out to center . Santana grounded out to first . Kipnis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Armstrong pitching for Indians . Rosario grounded out to second . Escobar flied out to left . Polanco lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Duffey pitching for Twins . Lindor grounded out to first . Napoli singled to center . Ramírez lined out to first , Napoli out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Armstrong pitching for Indians . Centeno struck out swinging . Santana grounded out to second . McAllister pitching for Indians . Dozier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Duffey pitching for Twins . Chisenhall doubled to deep right center . Naquin homered to right ( 381 feet ) , Chisenhall scored . Almonte struck out swinging . Gimenez popped out to second . Santana flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Mauer walked . Kepler singled to center , Mauer to second . Sanó grounded into double play , third to first , Mauer out at third , Kepler to second . Rosario doubled to deep right , Kepler scored . Escobar grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Duffey pitching for Twins . Kipnis flied out to center . Lindor flied out to center . Napoli homered to left center ( 396 feet ) . Ramírez doubled to left center . Chisenhall struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Anderson pitching for Indians . Polanco lined out to first . Centeno flied out to center . Santana lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Naquin walked . Almonte struck out swinging . Guyer hit for Gimenez . Guyer walked , Naquin to second . Santana grounded into double play , third to second to first , Guyer out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Pérez catching . Anderson pitching for Indians . Dozier tripled to deep center . Mauer tripled to right , Dozier scored . Kepler grounded out to first . Sanó walked . Rosario grounded into double play , first to catcher to third to second to shortstop to third to second to shortstop , Mauer out at home , Sanó out at third , Rosario to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . May pitching for Twins . Kipnis grounded out to second . Lindor struck out swinging . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Anderson pitching for Indians . Escobar flied out to left . Polanco singled to center . Otero pitching for Indians . Centeno singled to left , Polanco to second . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Centeno out at second , Polanco to third . Dozier homered to left center ( 429 feet ) , Polanco and Santana scored . Mauer grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Boshers pitching for Twins . Ramírez flied out to left . Davis hit for Chisenhall . Davis grounded out to shortstop . González hit for Naquin . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 13 - Indians 5 .	Twins ' mastery over Indians continues with 13 - 5 victory