Twins - Top 1st . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Dozier popped out to second . Grossman struck out swinging . Plouffe homered to center ( 409 feet ) . Sanó grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Dean pitching for Twins . Bautista walked . Donaldson flied out to left . Encarnación grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bautista out at second . Martin popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Kepler grounded out to second . Polanco struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Dean pitching for Twins . Tulowitzki singled to shallow left center . Upton Jr. singled to shallow left center , Tulowitzki to second . Barney fouled out to third . Smoak homered to left center ( 407 feet ) , Tulowitzki and Upton Jr. scored . Carrera grounded out to second . Bautista singled to center . Donaldson homered to right ( 417 feet ) , Bautista scored . Encarnación struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki walked . Rosario safe at first on error by pitcher Liriano , Suzuki to second . Dozier flied out to center , Suzuki to third . Grossman walked , Rosario to second . Plouffe hit sacrifice fly to right , Suzuki scored , Rosario to third , Grossman to second . Sanó struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Dean pitching for Twins . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Upton Jr. singled to shallow left . Barney singled to shallow right , Upton Jr. to second . Smoak singled to left , Upton Jr. scored , Barney to second . Carrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Smoak out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Kepler walked . Polanco struck out swinging . Escobar walked , Kepler to second . Suzuki doubled to right center , Kepler and Escobar scored . Rosario struck out swinging . Dozier flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Albers pitching for Twins . Bautista grounded out to pitcher . Donaldson grounded out to third . Encarnación flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Grossman grounded out to third . Plouffe struck out swinging . Sanó struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Albers pitching for Twins . Martin grounded out to second . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Upton Jr. grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Biagini pitching for Blue Jays . Kepler singled to center . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kepler out at second . Escobar singled to right , Polanco to second . Suzuki hit by pitch , Polanco to third , Escobar to second . Rosario hit sacrifice fly to center , Polanco scored . Dozier struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Albers pitching for Twins . Barney homered to left ( 358 feet ) . Smoak flied out to center . Carrera safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Polanco . Light pitching for Twins . Bautista struck out swinging , Carrera stole second , Carrera to third on throwing error by catcher Suzuki . Donaldson walked . Encarnación walked , Donaldson to second . Martin doubled to deep center , Carrera , Donaldson and Encarnación scored . Martin to third on wild pitch by Light . Tulowitzki walked . Tonkin pitching for Twins . Upton Jr. grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Benoit pitching for Blue Jays . Grossman singled to right . Plouffe grounded into double play , third to second to first , Grossman out at second . Sanó flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Tonkin pitching for Twins . Barney doubled to center . Smoak singled to center , Barney scored . Carrera struck out swinging . Bautista doubled to left , Smoak to third . Donaldson singled to left , Smoak scored , Bautista to third . O'Rourke pitching for Twins . Encarnación grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bautista scored , Donaldson out at second . Martin homered to left center ( 426 feet ) , Encarnación scored . Tulowitzki walked . Upton Jr. grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Kepler grounded out to second . Polanco singled to center . Escobar doubled to right , Polanco to third . Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to right , Polanco scored , Escobar to third . Rosario singled to shallow center , Escobar scored . Dozier grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Wimmers pitching for Twins . Barney grounded out to shortstop . Smoak struck out looking . Carrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Thole catching . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Grossman doubled to right . Plouffe walked . Sanó grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Plouffe out at second , Grossman to third . Kepler hit sacrifice fly to left , Grossman scored . Polanco struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 8 - Blue Jays 15 .	Blue Jays hit 4 home runs , send Twins to 8th straight loss