Dodgers - Top 1st. Valdez pitching for Astros. Betts grounded out to second. Muncy struck out swinging. Turner lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Springer grounded out to shortstop. Altuve grounded out to third. Bregman lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Valdez pitching for Astros. Bellinger struck out swinging. Taylor lined out to center. Seager walked. Pollock singled to shallow left, Seager to second. Hernández lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Brantley lined out to second. Gurriel struck out looking. Correa homered to left (373 feet). Reddick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Valdez pitching for Astros. Smith lined out to center. Betts lined out to right. Muncy lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Tucker struck out swinging. Maldonado grounded out to shortstop. Springer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Turner lined out to center. Bellinger grounded out to shortstop. Taylor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Altuve grounded out to third. Bregman grounded out to first. Brantley singled to left. Gurriel walked, Brantley to second. Correa singled to center, Brantley scored, Gurriel to second. Kolarek pitching for Dodgers. Correa to second on wild pitch by Kolarek, Gurriel to third on wild pitch by Kolarek. Reddick lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Seager singled to center. Pollock reached on infield single to shortstop, Seager to second. Hernández singled to left, Pollock to second, Seager to third. Smith lined out to right. Paredes pitching for Astros. Betts walked, Seager scored, Hernández to second, Pollock to third. Muncy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pollock scored on throwing error by third baseman Bregman, Betts to second, Hernández to third. Turner singled to shallow right, Hernández scored, Muncy to second, Betts to third. Bellinger singled to shallow right, Betts scored, Turner to second, Muncy to third. Scrubb pitching for Astros. Taylor walked, Muncy scored, Bellinger to second, Turner to third. Seager grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Taylor out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 5th. Graterol pitching for Dodgers. Tucker struck out swinging. Maldonado struck out swinging. Springer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Scrubb pitching for Astros. Pollock flied out to center. Hernández struck out swinging. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Kelly pitching for Dodgers. Altuve popped out to shortstop. Bregman walked. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bregman out at second. Gurriel walked, Brantley to second. Gurriel to second on wild pitch by Kelly, Brantley to third on wild pitch by Kelly. Correa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Scrubb pitching for Astros. Betts reached on infield single to second. Muncy walked, Betts to second. Turner popped out to second. Bellinger grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Muncy out at second, Betts to third. Taylor walked, Bellinger to second. Seager reached on infield single to second, Taylor hit by batted ball out at second, Bellinger to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Ferguson pitching for Dodgers. Reddick struck out swinging. Toro hit for Tucker. Toro struck out swinging. Maldonado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Toro as designated hitter. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Pollock singled to right. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pollock out at second. Smith popped out to second. Betts doubled to left, Hernández to third. Muncy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Treinen pitching for Dodgers. Springer grounded out to shortstop. Altuve grounded out to third. Bregman walked. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Turner walked. Bellinger struck out swinging. Taylor grounded into fielder's choice to third, Turner safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Bregman. Seager grounded out to second, Taylor to second, Turner to third. Pollock grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Gurriel flied out to right. Correa doubled to left. Reddick popped out to third. Toro popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 5 - Astros 2.	Benches clear as Dodgers beat Astros 5-2