Astros - Top 1st. Andriese pitching for Angels. Springer reached on infield single to third. Altuve grounded into double play, third to second to first, Springer out at second. Bregman lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Fletcher grounded out to first. Goodwin walked. Rendon walked, Goodwin to second. Ohtani struck out swinging. Upton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Andriese pitching for Angels. Brantley walked. Gurriel singled to shallow left, Brantley to second. Correa struck out looking. Reddick singled to right, Gurriel to second, Brantley to third. Tucker doubled to right, Brantley scored and Gurriel scored, Reddick to third. Maldonado walked. Springer walked, Reddick scored, Maldonado to second, Tucker to third. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tucker scored, Springer out at second, Maldonado to third. Bregman hit by pitch, Altuve to second. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Brantley flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. La Stella lined out to left. Rengifo doubled to left. Castro grounded out to first, Rengifo to third. Hermosillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Gurriel lined out to right. Correa flied out to right. Reddick lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Fletcher singled to left. Goodwin walked, Fletcher to second. Rendon singled to right, Fletcher scored, Goodwin to second. Ohtani grounded out to first, Rendon to second, Goodwin to third. Upton popped out to first. La Stella walked. Rengifo struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Tucker singled to center. Tucker stole second. Tucker to third on wild pitch by Bedrosian. Maldonado struck out swinging. Middleton pitching for Angels. Springer hit sacrifice fly to center, Tucker scored. Altuve flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros. Castro doubled to left center. Hermosillo flied out to right. Fletcher doubled to left, Castro scored. Goodwin homered to center (401 feet), Fletcher scored. Rendon flied out to right. Ohtani struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Middleton pitching for Angels. Bregman doubled to left. Brantley singled to center, Bregman to third. Gurriel hit sacrifice fly to center, Bregman scored. Correa doubled to center, Brantley to third. Buchter pitching for Angels. Reddick flied out to center. Tucker grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Bielak pitching for Astros. Upton lined out to center. La Stella walked. Rengifo grounded into fielder's choice to second, La Stella out at second. Castro walked, Rengifo to second. Walsh hit for Hermosillo. Walsh struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Fletcher in right field. Goodwin in center field. La Stella at second base. Rengifo at shortstop. Walsh at first base. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Maldonado struck out swinging. Springer flied out to center. Altuve hit by pitch. Altuve caught stealing second, catcher to second. Noe Ramirez pitches to Alex Bregman. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Bielak pitching for Astros. Fletcher walked. Goodwin struck out swinging. Rendon grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Fletcher out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Mayers pitching for Angels. Bregman struck out swinging. Brantley safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Rengifo. Gurriel safe at first on fielding error by right fielder Fletcher, Brantley safe at second on error. Correa walked, Gurriel to second, Brantley to third. Straw hit for Reddick. Milner pitching for Angels. Straw struck out looking. Tucker singled to right, Brantley scored and Gurriel scored, Correa to third. Maldonado walked, Tucker to second. Keller pitching for Angels. Springer flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Springer in right field. Straw in center field. Abreu pitching for Astros. Ohtani walked. Upton walked, Ohtani to second. La Stella struck out swinging. Paredes pitching for Astros. Rengifo grounded into fielder's choice to right, Ohtani scored, Upton to second, Upton safe at third on fielding error by second baseman Altuve. Castro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rengifo out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 8th. Keller pitching for Angels. Altuve walked. Bregman flied out to center. Brantley flied out to left. Gurriel safe at first on throwing error by second baseman La Stella, Altuve safe at third on error. Correa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gurriel out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 8th. Paredes pitching for Astros. Walsh struck out looking. Fletcher walked. Goodwin tripled to right, Fletcher scored. Rendon walked. Ohtani grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rendon out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Keller pitching for Angels. Straw singled to left. Tucker popped out to first. Straw to second on wild pitch by Keller. Maldonado walked. Barnes pitching for Angels. Springer singled to left, Maldonado to second, Straw to third. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Straw scored, Springer to second, Maldonado out at third. Bregman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Altuve out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Scrubb pitching for Astros. Upton flied out to center. La Stella singled to right center. Rengifo walked, La Stella to second. Castro struck out looking. Walsh grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 9 - Angels 6.	Tucker drives in 4 runs to lead Astros over Angels 9-6