Astros - Top 1st. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Springer flied out to left. Altuve grounded out to third. Bregman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Valdez pitching for Astros. Hampson lined out to right. Story grounded out to third. Blackmon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Reddick walked. Gurriel flied out to center, Reddick to second. Correa flied out to center. Tucker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Valdez pitching for Astros. Arenado grounded out to third. Kemp reached on infield single to shortstop, Kemp safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Valdez. Tapia singled to center, Kemp scored. Owings singled to center, Tapia to third. McMahon hit by pitch, Owings to second. Butera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McMahon out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 3rd. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Jones flied out to right. Maldonado homered to left (386 feet). Springer flied out to left. Altuve lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Valdez pitching for Astros. Hampson struck out swinging. Story struck out swinging. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Bregman doubled to right. Toro ran for Bregman. Reddick lined into double play, first to shortstop, Toro doubled off second. Gurriel popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Toro at third base. Valdez pitching for Astros. Arenado grounded out to third. Kemp struck out swinging. Tapia singled to left. Owings struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Correa homered to left (436 feet). Tucker tripled to deep right. Jones singled to left center, Tucker scored. Maldonado singled to center, Jones to second. Springer popped out to second. Altuve grounded into double play, third to second to shortstop, Maldonado out at second, Jones out at third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Valdez pitching for Astros. McMahon walked. Butera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McMahon out at second. Hampson lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Castellani pitching for Rockies. Toro singled to shallow right. Reddick grounded out to first, Toro to second. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Toro out at third in rundown. Correa singled to center, Gurriel to second. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Tucker tripled to deep center, Gurriel scored and Correa scored. Jones singled to center, Tucker scored. Maldonado struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Story flied out to right. Blackmon singled to left. Arenado grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Blackmon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Springer doubled to deep left. Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop, Springer to third. Toro singled to center, Springer scored, Altuve to third. Reddick struck out swinging. Gurriel doubled to deep right center, Altuve scored, Toro to third. Goudeau pitching for Rockies. Correa singled to left, Toro scored and Gurriel scored. Tucker singled to right, Correa to second. Jones grounded into double play, third to second to first, Tucker out at second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Tapia grounded out to third. Owings flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Hampson at shortstop. Rodgers at second base. Rodgers at second base. Owings at third base. Goudeau pitching for Rockies. Maldonado grounded out to shortstop. Springer homered to left (436 feet). Altuve singled to shallow left. Toro grounded into double play, second to third to first, Altuve out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Straw in center field. Toro at first base. Mayfield at third base. Valdez pitching for Astros. McMahon struck out, McMahon to first on passed ball by Maldonado. Butera doubled to deep right center, McMahon scored. Hampson grounded out to shortstop. Rodgers grounded out to second, Butera to third. Wolters hit for Blackmon. Wolters singled to right, Butera scored. Biagini pitching for Astros. Hilliard struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Wolters catching. Owings in right field. McMahon at third base. Butera at first base. Pazos pitching for Rockies. Reddick doubled to right. Mayfield lined out to center. Correa grounded out to third. Tucker homered to right (397 feet), Reddick scored. Jones flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Biagini pitching for Astros. Kemp singled to center. Tapia walked, Kemp to second. Owings singled to shallow right, Kemp scored, Tapia to second. McMahon walked, Owings to second, Tapia to third. Sneed pitching for Astros. Butera struck out swinging. Hampson struck out swinging. Rodgers reached on infield single to third, Owings scored and Tapia scored, McMahon to second. Wolters lined out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 13 - Rockies 6.	Tucker homers, triples twice; Astros beat Rockies, 13-6