White Sox - Top 1st. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Eaton safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Gómez. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to first, Eaton out at second. Abreu grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Parra singled to right. Parra stole second. Braun safe at first on error by shortstop Ramírez, Parra to third. Lind grounded into fielder's choice to second, Parra scored, Braun out at second. Gómez homered to center (421 feet), Lind scored. Gennett grounded out to second. Maldonado bunt grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 2nd. Peralta pitching for Brewers. García grounded out to shortstop. Gillaspie struck out swinging. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Herrera lined out to shortstop. Gómez singled to left. Peralta sacrificed to pitcher, Gómez to second. Parra doubled to deep right center, Gómez scored. Braun singled to center, Parra scored. Lind struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Soto grounded out to third. Johnson struck out swinging. Samardzija struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Gómez struck out swinging. Gennett popped out to shortstop. Maldonado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Eaton out at second. Abreu reached on infield single to second. García grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Herrera doubled to right. Gómez doubled to deep left, Herrera scored. Peralta bunt grounded out to pitcher. Parra struck out swinging. Braun walked. Lind struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Gillaspie singled to center. Ramírez grounded out to third, Gillaspie to second. Soto homered to center (413 feet), Gillaspie scored. Johnson grounded out to first. Samardzija singled to center. Eaton doubled to deep left, Samardzija to third. Cabrera walked. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Gómez tripled to deep right, Gómez scored on throwing error by right fielder García. Gennett grounded out to first. Maldonado grounded out to shortstop. Herrera flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. García flied out to right. Gillaspie grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Gómez lined out to left. Rogers hit for Peralta. Rogers flied out to right. Parra struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Soto singled to center. Bonifacio hit for Johnson. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Beckham hit for Samardzija. Beckham grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Soto safe at third on error by second baseman Gennett. Eaton singled to center, Soto scored, Beckham to second. Cabrera flied out to left. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Beckham to third, Eaton to second on wild pitch by Jeffress. Abreu singled to center, Beckham and Eaton scored. García struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Beckham at second base. Braun struck out looking. Lind struck out swinging. Gómez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Broxton pitching for Brewers. Gillaspie doubled to deep left center. Ramírez singled to right, Gillaspie to third. LaRoche hit for Soto. LaRoche singled to right, Gillaspie scored, Ramírez to second. Shuck hit for Putnam. Shuck struck out swinging. Beckham lined out to right, Ramírez to third. Eaton singled to right, Ramírez scored, LaRoche to second. Cabrera lined out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Duke pitching for White Sox. Flowers catching. Shuck in left field. Segura hit for Gennett. Segura grounded out to second. Maldonado walked. Herrera homered to left (400 feet), Maldonado scored. Gómez struck out swinging. Davis hit for Broxton. Davis homered to left (439 feet). Noesí pitching for White Sox. Parra lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Segura at shortstop. Gómez at second base. Rodríguez pitching for Brewers. Abreu singled to center. García grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Abreu out at second. Gillaspie grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 7 - Brewers 10.	Herrera's homer in eighth lifts Brewers over White Sox 10-7