White Sox - Top 1st. Kazmir pitching for Athletics. Eaton doubled to center. Bonifacio sacrificed to first, Eaton to third, Bonifacio safe at first on error by pitcher Kazmir. Eaton to third on error by pitcher Kazmir. Cabrera grounded out to third, Bonifacio to second. Abreu walked. García grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Eaton out at home, Bonifacio to third, Abreu to second, Bonifacio scored, Abreu to third on throwing error by catcher Vogt. Beckham grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Burns singled to left. Semien grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Burns out at second. Reddick walked. Butler singled to right, Reddick to third. Vogt walked, Butler to second. Crisp flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Kazmir pitching for Athletics. Ramírez singled to center. Soto struck out swinging. Sánchez doubled to left center, Ramírez to third. Eaton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramírez out at home, Sánchez to third. Bonifacio struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Lawrie grounded out to second. Muncy popped out to shortstop. Sogard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Kazmir pitching for Athletics. Cabrera grounded out to second. Abreu struck out swinging. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Burns singled to left. Semien singled to right, Burns to second. Reddick grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Semien out at second, Burns to third. Butler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Kazmir pitching for Athletics. Beckham struck out looking. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. Soto walked. Sánchez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Vogt flied out to right. Crisp walked. Lawrie struck out swinging. Muncy homered to right center (396 feet), Crisp scored. Sogard struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Kazmir pitching for Athletics. Eaton safe at first on error by shortstop Semien. Bonifacio singled to left, Eaton to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bonifacio out at second, Eaton to third. Abreu singled to left, Eaton scored, Cabrera to second. García reached on infield single to second, Cabrera to third, Abreu to second. Beckham walked, Cabrera scored, Abreu to third, García to second. Ramírez singled to shallow left center, Abreu and García scored, Beckham to third. Otero pitching for Athletics. Soto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramírez out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Burns reached on infield single to second. Burns stole second. Semien struck out swinging. Reddick reached on infield single to shortstop, Burns to third. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to first, Burns scored, Reddick out at second. Vogt flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Otero pitching for Athletics. Sánchez lined out to left. Eaton struck out swinging. Bonifacio grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Crisp flied out to left. Lawrie lined out to right. Muncy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Otero pitching for Athletics. Cabrera lined out to center. Abreu grounded out to third. García reached on infield single to third. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Sogard lined out to right. Burns grounded out to first. Semien singled to right. Reddick grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Otero pitching for Athletics. Ramírez grounded out to first. Soto struck out looking. Sánchez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Semien. Abad pitching for Athletics. Eaton bunt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Butler struck out swinging. Vogt flied out to center. Crisp popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Clippard pitching for Athletics. Bonifacio lined out to center. Cabrera singled to right. Abreu struck out swinging. García homered to right center (400 feet), Cabrera scored. Beckham struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Lawrie struck out swinging. Muncy grounded out to pitcher. Sogard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 7 - Athletics 3.	Samardzija goes 8 as White Sox sweep A's