White Sox - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Eaton safe at first on error by second baseman Harrison. Ramírez struck out swinging. Abreu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Eaton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Harrison walked. Marte reached on infield single to third, Harrison to second. Harrison to third, Marte to second on wild pitch by Rodon. McCutchen singled to left, Harrison scored, Marte to third. Kang singled to left, Marte scored, McCutchen to second. Cervelli tripled to deep right, McCutchen and Kang scored. Tábata singled to center, Cervelli scored. Mercer struck out swinging. Tábata caught stealing second, catcher to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. García struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to center. Beckham grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Liriano struck out looking. Harrison singled to right. Harrison stole second. Marte grounded out to third. McCutchen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Sánchez grounded out to pitcher. Flowers fouled out to right. Rodon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Kang lined out to third. Cervelli reached on infield single to shortstop. Tábata grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cervelli out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Eaton walked. Eaton to second on passed ball by Cervelli. Ramírez struck out swinging. Abreu struck out swinging. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Mercer doubled to left. Rodriguez grounded out to second, Mercer to third. Liriano grounded out to shortstop. Harrison singled to center, Mercer scored. Webb pitching for White Sox. Harrison stole second. Marte singled to center, Harrison scored, Marte to second on error by Abreu. McCutchen struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Cabrera singled to center. Beckham struck out swinging. Sánchez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Noesí pitching for White Sox. Bonifacio at second base. Kang walked. Cervelli walked, Kang to second. Tábata grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cervelli out at second, Kang to third. Mercer doubled to right, Kang scored. Rodriguez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Flowers struck out swinging. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Eaton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Liriano popped out to second. Harrison singled to center. Marte doubled to deep right, Harrison scored, Marte scored on error by third baseman Beckham. McCutchen doubled to deep center. Kang doubled to deep right, McCutchen scored. Cervelli popped out to second. Tábata grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Marte in center field. Polanco in left field. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Ramírez reached on infield single to second. Abreu grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ramírez out at second. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Noesi pitching for White Sox. Mercer struck out looking. Rodriguez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ramírez. Liriano struck out swinging. Harrison singled to center, Rodriguez to second. Marte singled to right, Rodriguez to third, Harrison to second. Polanco popped out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 8th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Cabrera struck out swinging. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. Shuck hit for Noesí. Shuck grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Guerra pitching for White Sox. Shuck in left field. Kang grounded out to shortstop. Cervelli grounded out to third. Tábata singled to center. Mercer lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Scahill pitching for Pirates. Flowers grounded out to third. Bonifacio struck out looking. Eaton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 0 - Pirates 11.	Pirates jump on Rodon early, roll to 11-0 win over White Sox