Blue Jays - Top 1st. Sale pitching for White Sox. Reyes singled to center. Donaldson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reyes out at second. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop. Abreu grounded into double play, third to second to first, Eaton out at second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Encarnación grounded out to shortstop. Valencia grounded out to shortstop. Martin fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. García struck out swinging. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez doubled to deep left. Beckham lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Colabello homered to center (420 feet). Pillar flied out to left. Travis struck out looking. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Flowers singled to center. Sánchez bunt popped out foul to catcher. Eaton grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Flowers out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Donaldson hit by pitch. Bautista popped out to shortstop. Encarnación singled to right, Donaldson to second. Valencia struck out looking. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Abreu grounded out to second. Cabrera singled to center. García singled to right, Cabrera to third, Cabrera scored on throwing error by right fielder Bautista. LaRoche lined into double play, to first, García doubled off first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Colabello struck out swinging. Pillar lined out to left. Travis fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Ramírez reached on infield single to second. Beckham flied out to center. Flowers flied out to center. Sánchez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Reyes flied out to center. Donaldson homered to left center (378 feet). Bautista lined out to left. Encarnación lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Eaton popped out to second. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Valencia grounded out to third. Martin popped out to third. Colabello struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. García struck out looking. LaRoche grounded out to first. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Pillar grounded out to second. Travis grounded out to pitcher. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Beckham safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes. Flowers fouled out to right. Sánchez lined out to center. Eaton singled to center, Beckham to third. Abreu singled to center, Beckham scored, Eaton to second. Cabrera doubled to left, Eaton and Abreu scored. García flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Donaldson reached on infield single to third. Bautista struck out swinging. Encarnación singled to shallow left, Donaldson to second. Carrera ran for Encarnación. Valencia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carrera out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 2 - White Sox 4.	Sale's 10 K's streak ends in 6-hit gem vs. Jays