Royals - Top 1st. Sale pitching for White Sox. Escobar reached on infield single to third. Moustakas singled to shallow left, Escobar to third. Cain flied out to center. Hosmer singled to shallow center, Escobar scored, Moustakas to second. Morales struck out looking. Pérez struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Duffy pitching for Royals. Eaton lined out to third. Saladino flied out to center. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Infante doubled to deep left. Infante to third on passed ball by Flowers. Rios fouled out to right. Orlando flied out to right. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Cabrera doubled to right. García grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at third. LaRoche singled to left, García to second. Ramírez grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, LaRoche out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Moustakas walked. Cain grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Moustakas out at second. Hosmer reached on infield single to second. Morales grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Flowers struck out swinging. Sánchez grounded out to second. Eaton walked. Saladino grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Pérez struck out looking. Infante lined out to center. Rios flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Abreu grounded out to second. Cabrera singled to shallow left. García grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Orlando struck out swinging. Escobar lined out to shortstop. Moustakas popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Duffy pitching for Royals. LaRoche lined out to center. Ramírez lined out to left. Flowers lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Cain homered to left center (390 feet). Hosmer singled to shallow center. Morales struck out swinging. Pérez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hosmer out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Sánchez reached on infield single to shortstop. Eaton singled to shallow left, Sánchez to second. Saladino sacrificed to pitcher, Sánchez to third, Eaton to second. Abreu struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Infante struck out swinging. Rios singled to left. Orlando homered to center (409 feet), Rios scored. Escobar singled to center. Moustakas singled to center, Escobar to second. Albers pitching for White Sox. Cain grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Moustakas out at second, Escobar to third. Cain stole second. Hosmer grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Duffy pitching for Royals. García grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche grounded out to second. Ramírez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Albers pitching for White Sox. Morales reached on infield single to shortstop. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morales out at second. Infante grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pérez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Flowers struck out looking. Sánchez grounded out to second. Eaton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Albers pitching for White Sox. Rios singled to left center. Orlando lined into double play, pitcher to first, Rios out at first. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Saladino homered to left center (380 feet). Blanton pitching for Royals. Abreu struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. García grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - White Sox 1.	Duffy leads Royals past Sale, White Sox 4-1