White Sox - Top 1st. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Eaton tripled to deep left. Saladino tripled to deep right, Eaton scored. Cabrera doubled to deep left center, Saladino scored. Abreu hit by pitch. García singled to left, Cabrera to third, Abreu to second. Shuck safe at first on error by pitcher Kelly, Cabrera scored, Abreu to third, García to second. Ramírez grounded into double play, second to first, Abreu scored, Shuck out at second, García to third. Flowers lined out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Danks pitching for White Sox. Betts singled to center. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop, Betts to second. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betts out at third. Ortiz homered to center (417 feet), Bogaerts scored. Napoli struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Nava at first base. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Sánchez grounded out to second. Eaton struck out looking. Saladino grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Sandoval grounded out to third. Castillo walked. Hanigan doubled to deep left, Castillo to third. Weeks grounded out to second, Castillo scored, Hanigan to third. Betts doubled to deep left, Hanigan scored. Ramírez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera doubled to deep left. Abreu singled to right, Cabrera scored. García flied out to center. Shuck popped out to shortstop. Ramírez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Bogaerts grounded out to first. Ortiz grounded out to first. Nava flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Flowers grounded out to shortstop. Sánchez singled to center. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Eaton flied out to center. Saladino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Sandoval grounded out to first. Castillo singled to left. Hanigan singled to left, Castillo to second. Weeks reached on infield single to third, Castillo to third, Hanigan to second. Betts reached on infield single to shortstop, Castillo scored, Hanigan to third, Weeks to second. Ramírez safe at first on error by third baseman Saladino, Hanigan scored, Weeks to third, Betts to second. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Ortiz flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 5th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera struck out swinging. Abreu doubled to left. García intentionally walked. Shuck walked, Abreu to third, García to second. Ogando pitching for Red Sox. Abreu scored, García to third, Shuck to second on passed ball by Hanigan. Ramírez grounded out to third. Flowers struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Nava flied out to center. Sandoval doubled to deep center. Albers pitching for White Sox. Castillo grounded out to second, Sandoval to third. Hanigan safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Saladino, Sandoval scored. Hanigan out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Weeks batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Ross Jr. pitching for Red Sox. Sánchez doubled to left. Eaton doubled to deep left center, Sánchez scored. Saladino grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera struck out swinging. Abreu walked. García grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Albers pitching for White Sox. Weeks singled to left. Betts grounded out to pitcher, Weeks to second. Ramírez grounded out to third. Bogaerts grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Red Sox. Shuck doubled to center. Ramírez flied out to right. Flowers singled to center, Shuck scored, Flowers to second advancing on throw. Sánchez popped out to pitcher. Eaton singled to shallow left, Flowers scored, Eaton out stretching at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Duke pitching for White Sox. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. Nava hit by pitch. Sandoval flied out to right. Petricka pitching for White Sox. De Aza hit for Castillo. De Aza singled to center, Nava to third. Hanigan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. De Aza in right field. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Saladino struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to second. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Weeks struck out looking. Betts struck out swinging. Ramírez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Layne pitching for Red Sox. García singled to left. Shuck sacrificed to catcher, García to second. Ramírez intentionally walked. Flowers doubled to left, García scored, Ramírez to third. Sánchez grounded out to third. Eaton struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Robertson pitching for White Sox. Bogaerts grounded out to second. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. Nava walked. Nava to second on fielder's indifference. Sandoval singled to right, Nava scored. Sandoval to second on fielder's indifference. De Aza walked. Hanigan grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 10 - Red Sox 8.	White Sox outlast Red Sox 10-8