White Sox - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Eaton homered to right (371 feet). Saladino grounded out to first. Cabrera singled to left center. Abreu flied out to right. LaRoche singled to deep left center, Cabrera to second, Cabrera scored on error by second baseman Holt. García struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Holt grounded out to shortstop. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Ramírez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Ramírez flied out to left. Sánchez doubled to shallow left. Flowers struck out swinging. Eaton singled to center, Sánchez scored, Eaton to second advancing on throw. Saladino reached on infield single to third, Eaton to third. Cabrera singled to center, Eaton scored, Saladino to second. Abreu walked, Saladino to third, Cabrera to second. LaRoche hit by pitch, Saladino scored, Cabrera to third, Abreu to second. García grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Ortiz lined out to right. Napoli lined out to shortstop. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Ramírez homered to left center (399 feet). Sánchez doubled to deep left center. Flowers singled to left, Sánchez to third. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Eaton lined out to left. Saladino walked, Flowers to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Flowers out at third, Saladino to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Sandoval walked. Hanigan doubled to deep right, Sandoval thrown out at home. Bradley Jr. flied out to left. Holt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox. LaRoche fouled out to catcher. García grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Bogaerts reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop, Bogaerts to second. Ortiz struck out swinging. Napoli doubled to deep left, Bogaerts scored. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Sánchez struck out swinging. Flowers struck out swinging. Eaton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Sandoval popped out to third. Hanigan grounded out to shortstop. Bradley Jr. grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Rutledge at third base. Layne pitching for Red Sox. Saladino walked. Saladino stole second. Saladino caught stealing third, pitcher to third. Cabrera struck out looking. Abreu lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Holt singled to right. Bogaerts grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Holt out at second. Ramírez batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Layne pitching for Red Sox. LaRoche grounded out to first. García reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramírez doubled to left, García to third. Sánchez grounded out to third, García scored, Ramírez to third. Flowers singled to left, Ramírez scored. Eaton struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Ortiz popped out to third. Napoli homered to left (379 feet). Castillo doubled to left. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Rutledge flied out to right. Hanigan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Ogando pitching for Red Sox. Saladino struck out looking. Cabrera doubled to deep center. Abreu singled to left, Cabrera scored. LaRoche grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Abreu safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Ogando. García flied out to right. Ramírez lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Bradley Jr. flied out to left. Holt singled to center, Holt to second on error by center fielder Eaton. Bogaerts lined out to shortstop. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 9th. Uehara pitching for Red Sox. Sánchez singled to center. Flowers struck out swinging. Eaton singled to shallow center, Sánchez to second. Saladino popped out to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Webb pitching for White Sox. Ortiz walked. Napoli walked, Ortiz to second. Castillo struck out swinging. Rutledge struck out swinging. Hanigan popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 9 - Red Sox 2.	White Sox win 7th straight; beat Red Sox 9-2