Cubs - Top 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Fowler grounded out to shortstop. Schwarber struck out swinging. Bryant struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Eaton grounded out to second. Saladino grounded out to shortstop. Abreu doubled to deep right. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Rizzo fouled out to third. Soler grounded out to third. Denorfia lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. García hit by pitch. García to second on wild pitch by Arrieta. LaRoche flied out to left. Ramírez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Arrieta, García to third. Sánchez grounded out to second, García scored, Ramírez to third. Flowers struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Castro fouled out to catcher. Ross flied out to right. Russell doubled to left. Fowler doubled to right, Russell scored. Schwarber fouled out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Eaton struck out swinging. Saladino grounded out to second. Abreu walked. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Bryant singled to left center. Rizzo popped out to second. Soler flied out to right. Denorfia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. García reached on infield single to third. García stole second. LaRoche grounded out to third, García to third. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Garcia safe at third on missed catch error by third baseman Bryant. Sánchez struck out swinging. Flowers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Castro flied out to center. Ross lined out to right. Russell hit ground rule double to left. Fowler intentionally walked. Schwarber singled to right, Russell scored, Fowler to second, Fowler to third advancing on throw. Schwarber caught stealing second, catcher to second. Bryant batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Eaton walked. Saladino struck out looking. Abreu lined into double play, second to first, Eaton doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Bryant struck out swinging. Rizzo doubled to center. Soler singled to left, Rizzo scored, Soler to second on throwing error by left fielder Cabrera. Denorfia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Soler out at home. Castro lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Cabrera grounded out to second. García grounded out to pitcher. LaRoche doubled to deep left. Ramírez doubled to left, LaRoche scored. Sánchez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Ross singled to left. Russell sacrificed to pitcher, Ross to second. Fowler reached on infield single to third, Ross to third. Duke pitching for White Sox. Schwarber grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Fowler out at second, Ross scored, Schwarber to second on throwing error by shortstop Ramírez. Bryant walked. Rizzo singled to right, Schwarber scored, Bryant to third. Albers pitching for White Sox. Soler singled to right, Bryant scored, Rizzo to third. Denorfia struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Arrieta pitching for Cubs. Flowers grounded out to second. Eaton grounded out to second. Saladino doubled to deep left. Grimm pitching for Cubs. Saladino to third on wild pitch by Grimm. Abreu singled to center, Saladino scored. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Albers pitching for White Sox. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Ross struck out looking. Russell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Grimm pitching for Cubs. García flied out to center. LaRoche struck out swinging. Ramírez lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Fowler struck out looking. Schwarber struck out swinging. Bryant singled to right. Rizzo walked, Bryant to second. Soler grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rizzo out at second, Bryant to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Rondon pitching for Cubs. Sánchez grounded out to shortstop. Bonifacio grounded out to first. Eaton walked. Eaton to second on fielder's indifference. Saladino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 6 - White Sox 3.	Cubs win 9th straight, beat White Sox 6-3