White Sox - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Eaton singled to right. Saladino flied out to center. Eaton caught stealing second, catcher to second. Abreu fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Sale pitching for White Sox. Marte safe at second on error by right fielder García. Seager struck out swinging. Cruz struck out swinging. Canó struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Cabrera flied out to center. García singled to center. LaRoche flied out to center. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, García out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Gutiérrez flied out to left. Trumbo fouled out to first. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Sánchez lined out to shortstop. Flowers grounded out to shortstop. Eaton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Montero struck out swinging. Sucre walked. Marte flied out to right. Seager grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Saladino singled to left. Abreu doubled to deep right center, Saladino scored. Cabrera sacrificed to third, Abreu to third. García struck out swinging. LaRoche struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Cruz struck out swinging. Canó grounded out to second. Gutiérrez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Ramírez singled to center. Ramírez to second on wild pitch by Hernández. Sánchez struck out swinging. Flowers reached on infield single to shortstop, Ramírez to third. Eaton singled to center, Ramírez scored, Flowers to second. Saladino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Eaton out at second, Flowers to third. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Saladino out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Trumbo struck out swinging. Jackson struck out swinging. Montero struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Cabrera walked. Cabrera stole second. García reached on infield single to pitcher. LaRoche struck out swinging. Ramírez flied out to center. Sánchez doubled to deep right, Cabrera and García scored, Sánchez out stretching at third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Sucre flied out to center. Marte struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Flowers grounded out to third. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. Saladino singled to center. Abreu popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Cruz singled to right. Canó singled to center, Cruz to second. Gutiérrez struck out looking. Trumbo homered to right (401 feet), Cruz and Canó scored. Jackson struck out swinging. Montero struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Rodney pitching for Mariners. Cabrera singled to right. García lined out to third. LaRoche doubled to deep right center, Cabrera to third. Ramírez walked. Rasmussen pitching for Mariners. Sánchez walked, Cabrera scored, LaRoche to third, Ramírez to second. Flowers walked, LaRoche scored, Ramírez to third, Sánchez to second. Eaton struck out looking. Saladino singled to right, Ramírez and Sánchez scored, Flowers to third. Rollins pitching for Mariners. Abreu struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Thompson in left field. Duke pitching for White Sox. Sucre flied out to left. Marte singled to left. Seager grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Marte out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Rollins pitching for Mariners. Thompson struck out swinging. García walked. LaRoche struck out swinging. Ramírez singled to left center, García to third. Sánchez doubled to deep left, García scored, Ramírez to third. Flowers singled to right center, Ramírez and Sánchez scored. Eaton flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Saladino at shortstop. Beckham at third base. Duke pitching for White Sox. Cruz homered to center (413 feet). Canó struck out looking. Gutiérrez struck out looking. Trumbo grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 11 - Mariners 4.	Sale outpitches Mariners' Hernandez as White Sox win 11-4