Mariners - Top 1st. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Marte singled to shallow right. Seager homered to center (409 feet), Marte scored. Cruz walked. Canó singled to right, Cruz to third. Smith hit sacrifice fly to center, Cruz scored. Morrison struck out swinging. Trumbo struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Eaton flied out to center. Saladino struck out swinging. Abreu flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Miller struck out swinging. Sucre struck out swinging. Marte flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Cabrera struck out swinging. García singled to left. LaRoche grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, García out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Seager singled to right. Cruz struck out swinging. Canó doubled to deep right, Seager thrown out at home. Smith doubled to right, Canó scored. Morrison walked. Trumbo lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Ramírez popped out to catcher. Sánchez doubled to center. Flowers flied out to center, Sánchez to third. Eaton walked. Saladino walked, Eaton to second. Abreu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Miller doubled to left. Sucre sacrificed to pitcher, Miller to third. Marte hit sacrifice fly to left, Miller scored. Seager grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Cabrera singled to right center. García singled to center, Cabrera to third. LaRoche singled to right, Cabrera scored, García to second. Ramírez struck out swinging. Sánchez grounded out to first, García to third, LaRoche to second. Flowers walked. Eaton grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Cruz struck out swinging. Canó walked. Smith lined out to center. Morrison flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Saladino grounded out to third. Abreu flied out to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Trumbo struck out swinging. Miller struck out looking. Sucre singled to left. Webb pitching for White Sox. Marte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. García struck out swinging. LaRoche walked. Ramírez singled to left, LaRoche to second. Sánchez struck out swinging. Flowers singled to left, LaRoche scored, Ramírez to second. Rasmussen pitching for Mariners. Eaton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Flowers out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Webb pitching for White Sox. Seager popped out to third. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Canó singled to center. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Canó out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Kensing pitching for Mariners. Saladino struck out swinging. Abreu struck out swinging. Cabrera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Webb pitching for White Sox. Morrison flied out to center. Trumbo walked. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Jackson hit for Miller. Jackson singled to right, Trumbo to second. Sucre reached on infield single to third, Trumbo to third, Jackson to second. Marte grounded out to pitcher, Trumbo scored, Jackson to third, Sucre to second. Seager safe at first on error by shortstop Ramírez, Jackson scored, Sucre to third. Cruz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Hicks at third base. Seager at shortstop. Jackson in center field. Kensing pitching for Mariners. García singled to center. LaRoche lined out to right. Ramírez singled to center, García to second. Sánchez flied out to left. Shuck hit for Flowers. Shuck walked, García to third, Ramírez to second. Eaton walked, García scored, Ramírez to third, Shuck to second. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Saladino singled to right, Ramírez and Shuck scored, Eaton to third. Abreu singled to left, Eaton scored, Saladino to third. Thompson ran for Abreu. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Soto catching. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Canó singled to center. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to third, Canó out at second. Morrison grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Smith out at second. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Trumbo singled to center, Morrison to second. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. García struck out swinging. LaRoche walked. Beckham ran for LaRoche. Ramírez popped out to third. Sánchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - White Sox 6.	Seager hits 2-run HR, Mariners hold on to beat White Sox 7-6