White Sox - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Eaton grounded out to second. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Thompson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Gardner struck out swinging. Headley struck out swinging. Rodriguez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Cabrera singled to left. García struck out swinging. Ramírez doubled to deep right, Cabrera scored. Olt struck out looking. Flowers walked. Beckham hit by pitch, Ramírez to third, Flowers to second. Eaton grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Beltrán flied out to center. McCann hit by pitch. Young flied out to right. Bird walked, McCann to second. Refsnyder grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCann out at third, Bird to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Abreu grounded out to third. Thompson singled to left. Cabrera grounded out to third, Thompson to second. García singled to left, Thompson scored, García thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Gregorius flied out to right. Gardner hit by pitch. Headley grounded out to shortstop, Gardner to second. Rodriguez walked. Beltrán popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Ramírez walked. Olt flied out to center, Ramírez to second. Flowers safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Headley, Ramírez to third. Beckham grounded into double play, third to second to first, Flowers out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. McCann singled to right. Young reached on infield single to shortstop, McCann to second. Bird lined out to right. Refsnyder walked, McCann to third, Young to second. Gregorius singled to right, McCann and Young scored, Refsnyder to second. Gardner singled to center, Refsnyder to third, Gregorius to second. Headley grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gardner out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Eaton grounded out to second. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Thompson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez struck out looking. Beltrán grounded out to shortstop. McCann walked. McCann to second on wild pitch by Rodon. Young flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Cabrera grounded out to third. García flied out to center. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Bird struck out swinging. Refsnyder doubled to deep right. Gregorius walked. Gardner grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gregorius out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Olt homered to left (431 feet). Flowers grounded out to second. Beckham homered to left (399 feet). Eaton struck out swinging. Bailey pitching for Yankees. Abreu flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Albers pitching for White Sox. Headley singled to center. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Headley out at second. Duke pitching for White Sox. Beltrán grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Bailey pitching for Yankees. Thompson struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. García flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Duke pitching for White Sox. McCann walked. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McCann out at second. Bird popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Rumbelow pitching for Yankees. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. Olt struck out swinging. Flowers singled to right. Beckham singled to left, Flowers to second. Shreve pitching for Yankees. Eaton singled to center, Flowers scored, Beckham to third. Martin pitching for Yankees. Eaton stole second. Abreu intentionally walked. Thompson lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Saladino at third base. Robertson pitching for White Sox. Ellsbury hit for Refsnyder. Ellsbury flied out to right. Gregorius struck out swinging. Gardner flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 5 - Yankees 2.	Sabathia gives up costly homers, Yanks lose 5-2 to White Sox