Royals - Top 1st. Danks pitching for White Sox. Escobar reached on bunt single to catcher, Escobar to second on throwing error by catcher Flowers. Zobrist flied out to left. Hosmer struck out swinging. Morales walked. Moustakas hit ground rule double to left, Escobar scored, Morales to third. Pérez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Medlen pitching for Royals. Eaton lined out to third. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to right. Thompson singled to right, Cabrera to third. Ramírez walked, Thompson to second. García popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Gordon grounded out to second. Gomes struck out swinging. Orlando singled to left. Escobar lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Medlen pitching for Royals. Sánchez walked. Saladino flied out to left. Flowers struck out swinging. Sánchez picked off first. Eaton batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Zobrist grounded out to second. Hosmer tripled to right. Morales walked. Moustakas singled to right, Hosmer scored, Morales to second. Pérez flied out to left. Gordon singled to right, Morales to third, Moustakas to second. Gomes singled to shallow center, Morales and Moustakas scored, Gordon to third, Gomes to second advancing on throw. Orlando lined out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Medlen pitching for Royals. Eaton walked. Abreu singled to right, Eaton to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Abreu out at second, Eaton to third. Thompson singled to shallow right, Eaton scored, Cabrera to second. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera scored on error by shortstop Escobar, Thompson safe at third on error by shortstop Escobar. García lined out to shortstop. Ramírez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Sánchez batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Zobrist reached on infield single to shortstop. Hosmer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Zobrist out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Medlen pitching for Royals. Sánchez flied out to center. Saladino grounded out to third. Flowers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Morales walked. Moustakas flied out to center. Pérez doubled to deep left, Morales to third. Cuthbert ran for Morales. Gordon singled to right, Cuthbert scored, Pérez to third. Gomes hit sacrifice fly to left, Pérez scored. Orlando singled to right, Gordon to third, Orlando thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Medlen pitching for Royals. Eaton grounded out to second. Abreu lined out to center. Cabrera fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Escobar singled to shallow center. Escobar stole second. Zobrist singled to left, Escobar to third. Hosmer struck out looking. Zobrist stole second. Cuthbert lined out to second. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Moustakas flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Dyson in center field. Orlando in right field. Medlen pitching for Royals. Thompson struck out swinging. Ramírez popped out to shortstop. García struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Pérez lined out to center. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Dyson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Sánchez grounded out to first. Saladino struck out looking. Flowers singled to right. Eaton hit ground rule double to left, Flowers to third. Abreu singled to left, Flowers and Eaton scored. Duffy pitching for Royals. Cabrera grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Brantly catching. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Orlando struck out swinging. Escobar fouled out to right. Zobrist walked. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Butera catching. Duffy pitching for Royals. Thompson struck out swinging. Ramírez singled to left. García walked, Ramírez to second. Herrera pitching for Royals. Sánchez grounded out to second, Ramírez to third, García to second. Shuck hit for Saladino. Ramírez out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Shuck batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Beckham at third base. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Cuthbert grounded out to third. Moustakas grounded out to second. Butera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Madson pitching for Royals. Beckham grounded out to third. Brantly popped out to shortstop. Eaton bunt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 6 - White Sox 4.	Gomes helps Royals beat White Sox 6-4