Phillies - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Rollins singled to center . Victorino grounded out to second , Rollins to second . Utley walked . Howard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Utley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Fowler singled to left . Fowler stole second . Spilborghs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fowler out at third . Spilborghs caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Helton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Werth doubled to deep right center . Ibanez safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki , Werth to third . Feliz hit sacrifice fly to center , Werth scored . Ruiz flied out to left . Hamels struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Atkins lined out to right . Hawpe flied out to center . Tulowitzki walked . Iannetta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Rollins grounded out to second . Victorino walked . Victorino to second on wild pitch by Marquis . Utley struck out swinging . Howard lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Barmes doubled to deep left . Marquis singled to left , Barmes scored . Fowler out on batter 's interference to pitcher . Fowler batting . Spilborghs doubled to deep right center , Marquis to third . Helton grounded out to second , Marquis scored , Spilborghs to third . Atkins homered to left , Spilborghs scored . Hawpe hit ground rule double to deep right center . Tulowitzki tripled to deep left , Hawpe scored . Iannetta fouled out to catcher . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Werth doubled to deep right center . Ibanez grounded out to second , Werth to third . Feliz grounded out to shortstop , Werth scored . Ruiz grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Barmes singled to left . Marquis sacrificed to pitcher , Barmes to second . Fowler grounded out to shortstop , Barmes to third . Spilborghs doubled to deep center , Barmes scored . Helton singled to right , Spilborghs scored . Atkins singled to left , Helton to second . Happ pitching for Phillies . Bruntlett at third base . Helton to third , Atkins to second on wild pitch by Happ . Hawpe grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Bruntlett lined out to first . Rollins grounded out to first . Victorino grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Happ pitching for Phillies . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Iannetta flied out to right . Barmes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Utley singled to right . Howard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Utley out at second . Werth singled to center . Ibanez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Coste catching . Happ pitching for Phillies . Marquis doubled to left . Fowler sacrificed to pitcher , Marquis to third . Spilborghs struck out swinging . Helton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Dobbs hit for Happ . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Dobbs grounded out to second . Coste flied out to center . Bruntlett grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Dobbs at third base . Coste catching . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Atkins flied out to right . Hawpe struck out swinging . Tulowitzki lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Embree pitching for Rockies . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Victorino walked . Utley singled to center , Victorino to second . Howard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Utley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Iannetta struck out looking . Barmes hit by pitch . Smith hit for Embree . Smith walked , Barmes to second . Fowler singled to center , Barmes scored , Smith to second . Spilborghs singled to right , Smith scored , Fowler to third . Helton hit sacrifice fly to center , Fowler scored . Atkins flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Atkins at first base . Stewart at third base . Werth homered to left . Ibanez grounded out to first . Dobbs struck out swinging . Coste grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 3 - Rockies 10 .	Rockie road : Phils ' Hamels tagged for 7 runs