Phillies - Top 1st . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Rollins fouled out to third . Utley singled to right . Ibanez walked , Utley to second . Howard flied out to center . Stairs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Carpenter pitching for Phillies . Guzman doubled to deep center . Johnson singled to deep right center , Guzman scored . Zimmerman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . Dunn reached on infield single to third . Willingham walked , Dunn to second . Harris hit by pitch , Dunn to third , Willingham to second . Belliard grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Victorino struck out swinging . Dobbs flied out to left . Ruiz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Phillies . Nieves grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out looking . Guzman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Carpenter grounded out to second . Rollins tripled to deep right . Utley doubled to deep right , Rollins scored . Utley to third on wild pitch by Cabrera . Ibanez grounded out to second . Howard homered to center , Utley scored . Stairs grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Phillies . Johnson struck out looking . Zimmerman walked . Dunn flied out to left . Willingham singled to center , Zimmerman to third . Harris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Victorino grounded out to first . Dobbs grounded out to second . Ruiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Carpenter pitching for Phillies . Belliard doubled to deep left center . Nieves singled to center , Belliard scored . Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher , Nieves to second . Guzman grounded out to first , Nieves to third . Johnson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Carpenter struck out swinging . Rollins reached on infield single to shortstop . Utley doubled to deep right , Rollins to third . Ibanez homered to center , Rollins and Utley scored . Howard doubled to deep center . Stairs walked . Victorino walked , Howard to third , Stairs to second . Dobbs popped out to first . Ruiz walked , Howard scored , Stairs to third , Victorino to second . Carpenter lined out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Carpenter pitching for Phillies . Zimmerman walked . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham doubled to left , Zimmerman to third . Harris singled to right , Zimmerman and Willingham scored . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Belliard tripled to deep right , Harris scored . Nieves struck out swinging . Cintron hit for Cabrera . Cintron struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Villone pitching for Nationals . Rollins walked . Utley walked , Rollins to second . Ibanez singled to right , Rollins to third , Utley to second . Howard batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 7 - Nationals 5 .	Ibanez 's 3 homers help Phils sweep twinbill \n\n