Phillies - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Rollins singled to right . Rollins caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Utley walked . Ibanez flied out to left . Howard singled to right , Utley to third . Werth singled to center , Utley scored , Howard to second . Victorino doubled to deep right , Howard and Werth scored . Feliz struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Ho Park pitching for Phillies . Guzman singled to right . Johnson singled to left , Guzman to second . Zimmerman struck out looking . Dunn doubled to deep right , Guzman scored , Johnson to third . Johnson scored , Dunn to third on wild pitch by Park . Dukes doubled to deep right , Dunn scored . Dukes to third on wild pitch by Park . Willingham walked . Hernandez flied out to center . Nieves struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Harris in center field . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Ruiz flied out to right . Park struck out swinging . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Ho Park pitching for Phillies . Zimmermann grounded out to third . Guzman singled to center . Johnson walked , Guzman to second . Zimmerman walked , Guzman to third , Johnson to second . Dunn walked , Guzman scored , Johnson to third , Zimmerman to second . Taschner pitching for Phillies . Harris hit by pitch , Johnson scored , Zimmerman to third , Dunn to second . Willingham lined into double play , third to second , Dunn doubled off second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Utley walked . Ibanez walked , Utley to second . Howard struck out swinging . Werth struck out swinging . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ibanez out at second , Utley to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Taschner pitching for Phillies . Hernandez singled to left center . Hernandez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Nieves walked . Zimmermann sacrificed to catcher , Nieves to second . Guzman fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Feliz singled to left center . Ruiz flied out to center . Taschner sacrificed to pitcher , Feliz to second . Rollins singled to left , Feliz scored . Rollins stole second . Utley doubled to deep right , Rollins scored . Ibanez fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Taschner pitching for Phillies . Johnson walked . Zimmerman flied out to right . Dunn struck out swinging . Harris struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Howard hit by pitch . Werth flied out to right . Victorino struck out looking . Feliz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Willingham hit by pitch . Hernandez popped out to third . Nieves struck out swinging . Cintron hit for Zimmermann . Cintron grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Willingham out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Villone pitching for Nationals . Ruiz flied out to center . Durbin flied out to right . Rollins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Guzman singled to right . Johnson singled to right , Guzman to third . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to right , Guzman scored . Dunn struck out swinging . Harris popped out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Villone pitching for Nationals . Utley grounded out to second . Ibanez flied out to left . Howard popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Escalona pitching for Phillies . Willingham popped out to first . Hernandez singled to right . Nieves struck out swinging . Belliard hit for Villone . Belliard popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Tavarez pitching for Nationals . Werth singled to left . Victorino walked , Werth to second . Colome pitching for Nationals . Feliz reached on bunt single to pitcher , Werth to third , Victorino to third , Werth and Victorino scored , Feliz to third on throwing error by pitcher Colome . Ruiz flied out to center . Stairs hit for Escalona . Beimel pitching for Nationals . Bruntlett hit for Stairs . Bruntlett doubled to deep center , Feliz scored . Rollins flied out to left . Utley flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Eyre pitching for Phillies . Guzman struck out swinging . Johnson flied out to right . Zimmerman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Nationals . Ibanez flied out to right . Howard flied out to left . Werth grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Eyre pitching for Phillies . Dunn struck out swinging . Harris walked . Lidge pitching for Phillies . Willingham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Harris out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 8 - Nationals 6 .	Phils finally wrap up sweep of inept Nationals