Red Sox - Top 1st . Happ pitching for Phillies . Lugo struck out swinging . Ellsbury reached on bunt single to pitcher . Ellsbury stole second , Ellsbury safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Howard . Youkilis flied out to right . Bay walked . Lowell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Rollins bunt grounded out to pitcher . Victorino struck out swinging . Utley reached on infield single to pitcher . Howard singled to shallow right , Utley to third . Werth singled to right , Utley scored , Howard to second . Dobbs popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Happ pitching for Phillies . Baldelli homered to left . Green homered to left . Kottaras walked . Beckett flied out to right . Lugo singled to right , Kottaras to third . Ellsbury hit sacrifice fly to center , Kottaras scored . Youkilis walked , Lugo to second . Bay singled to center , Lugo scored , Youkilis to second . Lowell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bay out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Feliz grounded out to second . Coste struck out looking . Happ grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Happ pitching for Phillies . Baldelli grounded out to pitcher . Green singled to center . Kottaras walked , Green to second . Beckett struck out bunting foul . Lugo walked , Green to third , Kottaras to second . Ellsbury lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Rollins lined out to left . Victorino struck out looking . Utley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Happ pitching for Phillies . Youkilis struck out swinging . Bay popped out to shortstop . Lowell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Howard struck out swinging . Werth struck out swinging . Dobbs grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Happ pitching for Phillies . Baldelli fouled out to first . Green grounded out to shortstop . Kottaras flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Feliz singled to right . Coste singled to left , Feliz to second . Happ sacrificed to first , Feliz to third , Coste to second . Rollins grounded out to second , Feliz scored , Coste to third . Victorino singled to right , Coste scored . Utley reached on infield single to third , Victorino to second , Victorino to third , Utley to second on throwing error by third baseman Lowell . Howard doubled to deep right , Victorino and Utley scored . Howard stole third . Werth lined out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 6th . Happ pitching for Phillies . Beckett homered to left center . Lugo walked . Ellsbury grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lugo out at second . Park pitching for Phillies . Youkilis grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Dobbs grounded out to first . Feliz singled to right . Coste flied out to right . Park grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Ho Park pitching for Phillies . Bay singled to right . Lowell lined out to second . Kotsay hit for Baldelli . Kotsay struck out swinging . Green flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Kotsay in right field . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Rollins homered to right . Victorino singled to center . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Victorino stole second . Utley walked . Howard grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Utley out at second , Victorino to third , Victorino scored on throwing error by shortstop Lugo . Werth doubled to deep left , Howard to third . Dobbs struck out swinging . Feliz doubled to deep right , Howard and Werth scored . Coste intentionally walked . Park walked , Feliz to third , Coste to second . Saito pitching for Red Sox . Rollins hit by pitch , Feliz scored , Coste to third , Park to second . Victorino walked , Coste scored , Park to third , Rollins to second . Utley struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 8th . Bruntlett in left field . Ho Park pitching for Phillies . Kottaras doubled to deep left center , Kottaras to third on error by left fielder Bruntlett . Ortiz hit for Saito . Ortiz walked . Lugo hit sacrifice fly to left , Kottaras scored . Ellsbury struck out looking . Youkilis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Masterson pitching for Red Sox . Howard struck out swinging . Werth struck out looking . Bruntlett singled to right . Feliz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Bay flied out to center . Lowell reached on infield single to third . Kotsay flied out to center . Green singled to left , Lowell to second . Kottaras flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 6 - Phillies 11 .	Phillies avoid sweep with big 7th vs. Red Sox