Nationals - Top 1st . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Harris walked . Harris stole second . Guzman popped out to second . Zimmerman walked . Dunn flied out to left . Willingham lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Rollins grounded out to second . Victorino popped out to shortstop . Utley singled to left center . Howard singled to right , Utley to third . Utley stole home . Howard stole second . Ibanez walked . Werth lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Desmond doubled to deep left . Maxwell grounded out to pitcher . Nieves reached on infield single to shortstop , Desmond to third . Hernandez bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Desmond out at home , Nieves to second . Harris walked , Nieves to third , Hernandez to second . Guzman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . Ruiz flied out to center . Blanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Rollins flied out to center . Victorino grounded out to second . Utley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Desmond struck out swinging . Maxwell grounded out to pitcher . Nieves singled to right . Hernandez doubled to left , Nieves to third . Harris grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Howard flied out to left . Ibanez singled to left . Werth grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ibanez out at second . Feliz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Guzman struck out swinging . Zimmerman flied out to center . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Ruiz flied out to center . Blanton reached on infield single to shortstop . Rollins singled to left , Blanton to second . Victorino struck out looking . Utley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Willingham struck out swinging . Desmond singled to right center . Maxwell walked , Desmond to second . Nieves flied into double play , right to first , Maxwell doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Howard struck out swinging . Ibanez walked . Werth singled to left , Ibanez to second . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Werth out at second , Ibanez to third , Ibanez scored on throwing error by second baseman Desmond . Ruiz singled to left , Feliz to second . Dobbs hit for Blanton . Dobbs grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 7th . Park pitching for Phillies . Orr hit for Hernandez . Orr singled to left . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Orr safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Howard . Guzman bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Orr out at third , Harris to second . Zimmerman lined into double play , to first , Guzman doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Rollins grounded out to first . Victorino grounded out to first . Utley hit by pitch . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Utley stole second . Howard intentionally walked . Ibanez walked , Utley to third , Howard to second . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Werth homered to left center , Utley , Howard and Ibanez scored . Feliz popped out to second . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Dunn walked . Willingham struck out swinging . Desmond grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Segovia pitching for Nationals . Ruiz struck out swinging . Stairs hit for Madson . Stairs grounded out to first . Rollins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Walker pitching for Phillies . Maxwell singled to left . Nieves flied out to right . Morse hit for Segovia . Morse lined out to left . Maxwell to second on fielder 's indifference . Harris singled to right , Maxwell scored . Harris to second on fielder 's indifference . Guzman popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 1 - Phillies 6 .	Werth grand slam backs Blanton as Phils cruise