Phillies - Top 1st . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Rollins lined out to center . Victorino singled to left . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Victorino out at second . Howard singled to deep right , Utley scored . Werth walked , Howard to second . Francisco flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Happ pitching for Phillies . Lopez flied out to right . Hart flied out to left . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Feliz singled to right . Bako grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Feliz out at second . Happ bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Bako out at second . Rollins popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Happ pitching for Phillies . Fielder struck out swinging . McGehee struck out swinging . Cameron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Victorino singled to center . Utley flied out to left . Howard flied out to center . Werth struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Happ pitching for Phillies . Escobar struck out looking . Kendall tripled to deep left center . Suppan grounded out to pitcher . Lopez reached on infield single to second , Kendall scored . Hart walked , Lopez to second . Braun struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Francisco doubled to deep left . Feliz doubled to deep left , Francisco scored . Bako singled to right , Feliz to third . Happ sacrificed to pitcher , Bako to second . Rollins walked . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Feliz out at home , Bako to third , Rollins to second . Utley popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Happ pitching for Phillies . Fielder flied out to left . McGehee flied out to right . Cameron flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Howard struck out swinging . Werth safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Francisco singled to center , Werth to second . Feliz singled to left , Werth scored , Francisco to second . Bako singled to right , Francisco scored , Feliz to third . Happ singled to center , Feliz scored , Bako to second . Rollins homered to right , Bako and Happ scored . Smith pitching for Brewers . Victorino grounded out to first . Utley flied out to center . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Happ pitching for Phillies . Escobar lined out to left . Kendall singled to left . Bourgeois hit for Smith . Bourgeois struck out swinging . Lopez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Howard struck out looking . Werth flied out to center . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Happ pitching for Phillies . Hart singled to center . Braun popped out to shortstop . Fielder doubled to deep center , Hart thrown out at home . McGehee doubled to right , Fielder scored . Cameron walked . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Feliz struck out looking . Bako grounded out to pitcher . Durbin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Kendall popped out to first . Catalanotto hit for Villanueva . Catalanotto grounded out to second . Lopez walked . Hart walked , Lopez to second . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Butler pitching for Brewers . Rollins singled to right . Victorino singled to left , Rollins to second . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Victorino out at second , Rollins to third . Howard grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rollins scored , Utley safe at third on error by second baseman Lopez . Werth struck out swinging . Francisco flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Walker pitching for Phillies . Fielder singled to center . McGehee flied out to right . Cameron struck out swinging . Escobar reached on infield single to pitcher , Fielder to second . Kendall hit by pitch , Fielder to third , Escobar to second . Gerut hit for Butler . Gerut flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Axford pitching for Brewers . Feliz flied out to left . Bako grounded out to first . Dobbs hit for Walker . Dobbs struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Lopez singled to right . Hart safe at first on error by first baseman Howard , Lopez to second . Braun grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hart out at second , Lopez to third . Braun to second on fielder 's indifference . Fielder grounded out to second , Lopez scored , Braun to third . McGehee singled to right , Braun scored . McGehee to second on fielder 's indifference . Cameron flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Phillies 9 - Brewers 4 .	Phillies put away Brewers with six - run inning