Blue Jays - Top 1st . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Reyes safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez . Cabrera lined out to left . Bautista grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reyes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Harrison flied out to center . Walker grounded out to first . McCutchen singled to center . McCutchen to second on passed ball by Thole . Alvarez walked . Sanchez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Lawrie flied out to right . Rasmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Barmes singled to left . Liriano grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Tolleson struck out swinging , Tolleson safe at on error by player player , Tolleson to second on throwing error by catcher Sanchez . Thole singled to left , Tolleson thrown out at home , Thole to second advancing on throw . Dickey grounded out to second , Thole to third . Reyes doubled to deep center , Thole scored . Cabrera flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Harrison struck out swinging . Walker grounded out to first . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Bautista singled to right . Encarnacion walked , Bautista to second . Lawrie doubled to deep left , Bautista scored , Encarnacion to third . Rasmus singled to right , Encarnacion scored , Lawrie to third . Tolleson grounded into double play , second to first , Lawrie scored , Rasmus out at second . Thole singled to shallow right . Dickey safe at first on error by shortstop Barmes , Thole to third . Reyes walked , Dickey to second . Cabrera walked , Thole scored , Dickey to third , Reyes to second . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Alvarez singled to left center . Sanchez walked , Alvarez to second . Marte struck out swinging . Sanchez singled to left , Alvarez to third , Sanchez to second . Alvarez scored , Sanchez to third , Sanchez to second on passed ball by Thole . Barmes grounded out to third , Sanchez scored , Sanchez to third . Tabata hit for Hughes . Tabata grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Encarnacion lined out to center . Lawrie singled to right center . Rasmus flied out to right . Tolleson walked , Lawrie to second . Thole walked , Lawrie to third , Tolleson to second . Dickey flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Harrison flied out to right . Walker walked . McCutchen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Reyes grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to second . Bautista homered to left ( 399 feet ) . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Alvarez grounded out to third . Sanchez walked . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanchez out at second . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Gomez pitching for Pirates . Davis at first base . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus flied out to right . Tolleson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Barmes doubled to deep center . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Getz at second base . Davis grounded out to second , Barmes to third . Harrison doubled to left , Barmes scored . Walker singled to center , Harrison to third . McCutchen walked , Walker to second . Alvarez grounded out to first , Harrison scored , Walker to third , McCutchen to second . Mercer hit for Gomez . Mercer doubled to deep center , Walker and McCutchen scored . Marte reached on infield single to third , Mercer to third . Sanchez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Morris pitching for Pirates . Thole struck out swinging . Getz hit by pitch . Getz picked off first . Reyes popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Barmes struck out swinging . Davis reached on infield single to shortstop . Harrison singled to right center , Davis to third . Walker doubled to deep center , Davis and Harrison scored . McCutchen lined out to third . Alvarez intentionally walked . Snider hit for Morris . Snider walked , Walker to third , Alvarez to second . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . Marte lined out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Cabrera struck out swinging . Bautista safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez . Encarnacion grounded out to second , Bautista to second . Lawrie reached on infield single to second , Bautista to third . Rasmus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - Pirates 8 .	Walker leads rally as Pirates beat Blue Jays 8 - 6