Nationals - Top 1st . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Span grounded out to shortstop . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . Werth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Harrison grounded out to shortstop . Walker grounded out to second . McCutchen lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Ramos singled to right . Desmond struck out looking . Moore grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramos safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez . Espinosa lined out to right . McLouth grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Alvarez flied out to center . Marte grounded out to second . Davis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Treinen walked . Span walked , Treinen to second . Rendon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Treinen out at third , Span to second . Werth lined out to center , Span to third . Ramos grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Stewart lined out to shortstop . Volquez walked . Harrison singled to left , Volquez to second . Walker walked , Volquez to third , Harrison to second . McCutchen hit by pitch , Volquez scored , Harrison to third , Walker to second . Alvarez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Desmond homered to center ( 409 feet ) . Moore grounded out to second . Espinosa grounded out to first . McLouth doubled to center . Treinen grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Marte struck out swinging . Davis singled to center . Mercer grounded out to third , Davis to second . Stewart intentionally walked . Volquez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Span popped out to third . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . Werth flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Harrison walked . Walker flied out to center , Harrison to second . McCutchen singled to center , Harrison scored . Alvarez struck out swinging , McCutchen stole second . Marte flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Ramos lined out to right . Desmond struck out swinging . Moore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Davis grounded out to second . Mercer struck out swinging . Stewart walked . Snider hit for Volquez . Snider reached on infield single to shortstop , Stewart to second , Stewart to third on error by shortstop Desmond . Barrett pitching for Nationals . Frandsen at first base . Harrison grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Snider out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 7th . Gomez pitching for Pirates . Espinosa struck out swinging . McLouth reached on bunt single to first . Frandsen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McLouth out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Barrett pitching for Nationals . Walker singled to center . McCutchen walked , Walker to second . Alvarez popped out to first . Marte struck out swinging . Davis lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Span grounded out to shortstop . Rendon struck out swinging . Werth walked . Ramos singled to right , Werth to second . Desmond walked , Werth to third , Ramos to second . Hairston hit for Barrett . Hairston popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Mercer popped out to shortstop . Stewart doubled to right center . Sanchez hit for Watson . Sanchez grounded out to third . Harrison singled to right , Stewart scored . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harrison out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Espinosa walked . McLouth grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Espinosa out at second . Dobbs hit for Frandsen . Dobbs struck out swinging . McLouth to second on passed ball by Stewart . Span walked . Rendon lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 1 - Pirates 3 .	Pirates ride Volquez , bullpen past Nationals 3 - 1