Pirates - Top 1st . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Harrison struck out swinging . Walker struck out swinging . McCutchen lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Morton pitching for Pirates . Cabrera safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Morton . Smith walked , Cabrera to second . Quentin struck out swinging . Headley struck out looking . Alonso grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 2nd . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Davis flied out to center . Martin flied out to center . Alvarez singled to right . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Gyorko lined out to shortstop . Venable struck out swinging . Grandal struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Mercer homered to left ( 409 feet ) . Morton struck out swinging . Harrison reached on infield single to shortstop . Harrison to second on balk by Stauffer . Walker reached on infield single to shortstop , Harrison to third . McCutchen walked , Walker to second . Davis hit sacrifice fly to left , Harrison scored , Walker to third . Martin walked , McCutchen to second . Torres pitching for Padres . Alvarez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Torres struck out swinging . Cabrera walked . Smith struck out swinging , Cabrera stole second . Quentin hit by pitch . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Torres pitching for Padres . Marte hit by pitch . Marte stole second . Mercer singled to right center , Marte scored . Morton sacrificed to first , Mercer to second . Harrison reached on infield single to shortstop . Walker hit by pitch , Mercer to third , Harrison to second . McCutchen grounded into double play , third to first , Harrison out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Alonso popped out to shortstop . Gyorko hit by pitch . Venable struck out swinging . Grandal grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Torres pitching for Padres . Davis struck out swinging . Martin struck out looking . Alvarez singled to right . Quackenbush pitching for Padres . Amarista in center field . Marte flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Amarista singled to right . Cabrera doubled to deep left center , Amarista scored . Smith singled to center , Cabrera scored . Quentin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Smith out at second . Headley hit by pitch , Quentin to second . Alonso grounded out to second , Quentin to third , Headley to second . Gyorko walked . Medica hit for Quackenbush . Medica struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Thayer pitching for Padres . Mercer singled to right . Snider hit for Morton . Snider singled to center , Mercer to second . Harrison bunt popped out foul to catcher . Walker singled to right , Mercer scored , Snider to second . McCutchen flied out to left . Davis walked , Snider to third , Walker to second . Martin struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Grandal struck out swinging . Amarista grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Vincent pitching for Padres . Alvarez walked . Marte flied out to right . Mercer singled to right , Alvarez to second . Tabata hit for Hughes . Tabata singled to center , Alvarez to third , Mercer to second . Harrison singled to left , Alvarez scored , Mercer to third , Tabata to second . Walker doubled to right , Mercer and Tabata scored , Harrison to third . Roach pitching for Padres . Denorfia in center field . Amarista at shortstop . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Harrison out at home . Davis walked , Walker to third , McCutchen to second . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Davis out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Smith walked . Quentin walked , Smith to second . Headley flied out to right , Smith to third , Quentin to second . Alonso grounded out to second , Smith scored , Quentin to third . Gyorko grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Roach pitching for Padres . Alvarez grounded out to third . Marte walked . Mercer walked , Marte to second . Sanchez hit for Wilson . Sanchez doubled to left , Marte and Mercer scored . Harrison grounded out to third . Walker hit by pitch . McCutchen hit ground rule double to deep right center , Sanchez scored , Walker to third . Rivera at first base . Patton pitching for Padres . Alonso at third base . Davis grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Gomez pitching for Pirates . Sanchez at first base . Denorfia flied out to right . Grandal singled to left . Amarista flied out to right . Rivera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Patton pitching for Padres . Martin struck out swinging , Martin safe at first on passed ball by Grandal . Alvarez grounded out to first , Martin to second . Marte grounded out to third . Mercer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Gomez pitching for Pirates . Smith struck out looking . Quentin grounded out to third . Maybin hit for Patton . Maybin singled to center . Alonso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 10 - Padres 3 .	Pirates get 16 hits in 10 - 3 romp over Padres