Brewers - Top 1st . Cumpton pitching for Pirates . Segura walked . Braun flied out to left . Segura caught stealing second , catcher to second . Lucroy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Harrison reached on infield single to third . Walker lined out to third . Harrison to second on wild pitch by Lohse . McCutchen doubled to deep center , Harrison scored . Davis flied out to right . Martin singled to left center , McCutchen scored . Alvarez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Cumpton pitching for Pirates . Gomez flied out to right . Ramirez singled to left . Davis grounded into double play , second to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Tabata grounded out to pitcher . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Cumpton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Cumpton pitching for Pirates . Gennett reached on infield single to shortstop . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gennett out at second . Lohse sacrificed to first , Reynolds to second . Segura grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Harrison grounded out to third . Walker grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen homered to left ( 397 feet ) . Davis popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Cumpton pitching for Pirates . Braun struck out swinging . Lucroy singled to center . Gomez doubled to deep right center , Lucroy to third . Ramirez singled to center , Lucroy scored , Gomez to third . Davis hit sacrifice fly to right , Gomez scored . Gennett singled to right , Ramirez to third . Reynolds walked , Gennett to second . Lohse grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reynolds out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Martin hit by pitch . Alvarez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martin out at second . Tabata grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Alvarez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Cumpton pitching for Pirates . Segura struck out swinging . Braun grounded out to shortstop . Lucroy lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Mercer homered to left ( 389 feet ) . Cumpton walked . Harrison grounded out to pitcher , Cumpton to second . Walker singled to center , Cumpton scored , Walker to second advancing on throw . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop , Walker to third . Davis lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Cumpton pitching for Pirates . Gomez singled to left . Ramirez grounded out to third , Gomez to second . Davis singled to left , Gomez scored . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Gennett fouled out to third . Davis stole second . Reynolds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Martin singled to right center . Alvarez singled to left , Martin to third . Tabata singled to right , Martin scored , Alvarez to second . Thornburg pitching for Brewers . Weeks at second base . Mercer singled to center , Alvarez scored , Tabata to second . Snider hit for Wilson . Snider walked , Tabata to third , Mercer to second . Harrison walked , Tabata scored , Mercer to third , Snider to second . Walker struck out swinging . McCutchen struck out swinging . Davis walked , Mercer scored , Snider to third , Harrison to second . Martin doubled to deep center , Snider , Harrison and Davis scored . Alvarez walked . Tabata singled to center , Martin scored , Alvarez to second . Mercer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tabata out at second . 8 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Harrison in left field . Gomez pitching for Pirates . Snider in right field . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Segura struck out swinging . Braun singled to right center . Lucroy lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Wang pitching for Brewers . Falu at third base . Maldonado catching . Snider reached on infield single to second . Harrison lined out to left . Walker singled to left , Snider to second . McCutchen flied out to center . Sanchez hit for Davis . Sanchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Sadler pitching for Pirates . Sanchez at first base . Marte in center field . Schafer hit for Gomez . Schafer flied out to left . Falu grounded out to catcher . Davis walked . Maldonado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Schafer in center field . Wang pitching for Brewers . Martin walked . Alvarez singled to center , Martin to second . Martin to third , Alvarez to second on wild pitch by Wang . Marte grounded out to second , Martin scored , Alvarez to third . Mercer grounded out to second , Alvarez scored . Snider reached on infield single to third . Harrison flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Sadler pitching for Pirates . Reynolds singled to left . Weeks doubled to center , Reynolds to third . Segura hit sacrifice fly to center , Reynolds scored , Weeks to third . Braun grounded out to shortstop , Weeks scored . Overbay hit for Wang . Overbay grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 5 - Pirates 15 .	Pirates use 8 - run sixth to blow out Brewers