Mets - Top 1st. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Nimmo struck out looking. Alonso struck out swinging. Lindor grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Walker pitching for Mets. Hernández struck out looking. Schwarber homered to center (434 feet). Bogaerts walked. Devers singled to right center, Bogaerts to third. Martinez singled to right center, Bogaerts scored, Devers to third. Verdugo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Báez walked. Davis struck out swinging. Villar flied out to right. Báez stole second. McNeil doubled to deep left, Báez scored. Pillar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Walker pitching for Mets. Renfroe doubled to deep center. Vázquez lined out to center, Renfroe to third. Iglesias walked. Hernández doubled to left, Renfroe scored, Iglesias to third. Schwarber homered to right (405 feet), Iglesias scored and Hernández scored. Bogaerts grounded out to pitcher. Devers grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Sale pitching for Red Sox. McCann singled to center. Nimmo singled to right, McCann to second. Alonso struck out swinging. Lindor grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nimmo out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Mets. Martinez doubled to left. Verdugo hit ground rule double to deep right, Martinez scored. Renfroe struck out swinging. Vázquez grounded out to first, Verdugo to third. Iglesias tripled to deep right, Iglesias scored on throwing error by second baseman Báez and Verdugo scored. Hernández struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 4th. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Báez singled to right. Davis struck out swinging. Villar struck out swinging. McNeil singled to right, Báez to second. Pillar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Mets. Schwarber doubled to shallow left. Bogaerts singled to right center, Schwarber to third. Devers grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Schwarber scored, Bogaerts out at second. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Sale pitching for Red Sox. McCann walked. Nimmo grounded out to pitcher, McCann to second. Alonso flied out to center, McCann to third. Lindor reached on infield single to third, McCann scored. Báez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Mets. Verdugo struck out swinging. Renfroe singled to right center. Vázquez doubled to deep left, Renfroe to third. Iglesias grounded out to pitcher, Renfroe scored, Vázquez to third. Hernández popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Arroyo at second base. Iglesias at shortstop. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Davis walked. Villar singled to center, Davis to second. McNeil flied out to left, Davis to third. Pillar walked, Villar to second. Brasier pitching for Red Sox. McCann sacrificed into double play, center to third, Davis scored, Villar thrown out at third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Mets. Schwarber walked. Arroyo struck out swinging. Devers singled to right, Schwarber to second. Shaw hit for Martinez. Shaw safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Villar, Devers to second, Schwarber to third. Verdugo grounded out to second, Schwarber scored, Shaw to second, Devers to third. Renfroe flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Top 7th. Shaw as designated hitter. Ottavino pitching for Red Sox. Nimmo lined out to left. Alonso homered to right (363 feet). Lindor walked. Guillorme hit for Báez. Guillorme lined out to center. Davis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Guillorme at second base. Familia pitching for Mets. Vázquez struck out swinging. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. Hernández grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Dalbec at third base. Taylor pitching for Red Sox. Villar struck out looking. McNeil grounded out to second. Pillar singled to shallow left. McCann struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Hand pitching for Mets. Schwarber flied out to right. Arroyo struck out looking. Dalbec struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Pérez pitching for Red Sox. Nimmo doubled to left. Alonso grounded out to shortstop. Lindor singled to right, Nimmo to third. Guillorme grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Nimmo scored, Lindor out at second. Peraza hit for Davis. Peraza flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 5 - Red Sox 12.	Schwarber, Sale help Boston win 7th in a row, 12-5 over Mets