Blue Jays - Top 1st. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Hentgen pitching for Blue Jays. Sanchez tripled to deep right. Vina hit ground rule double to deep right, Sanchez scored. Rodriguez singled to right, Vina scored. White walked, Rodriguez to second. Pena flied out to center, Rodriguez to third, White to second. Guillen hit sacrifice fly to right, Rodriguez scored, White to third. Higginson grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Delgado struck out looking. Phelps struck out swinging. Hinske homered to left. Hudson walked. Woodward grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hudson out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Hentgen pitching for Blue Jays. Monroe singled to left. Munson flied out to center. Sanchez singled to center, Monroe to second. Vina singled to right center, Monroe scored, Sanchez to third. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to right, Sanchez scored. White struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Cash doubled to deep center. Johnson hit by pitch. Catalanotto grounded out to second, Cash to third, Johnson to second. Wells grounded out to second, Cash scored, Johnson to third. Delgado singled to right center, Johnson scored. Phelps hit by pitch, Delgado to second. Hinske struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Hentgen pitching for Blue Jays. Pena lined out to second. Guillen lined out to right. Higginson doubled to deep right center. Monroe grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Hudson flied out to center. Woodward grounded out to shortstop. Cash hit ground rule double to deep center. Douglass pitching for Blue Jays. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Douglass pitching for Blue Jays. Munson flied out to left. Sanchez grounded out to second. Vina popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Catalanotto struck out looking. Delgado flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Douglass pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez singled to center. White grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second. Pena grounded out to third, White to second. Guillen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Phelps grounded out to third. Hinske struck out looking. Hudson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Douglass pitching for Blue Jays. Higginson walked. Monroe struck out swinging. Higginson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Levine pitching for Tigers. Munson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Levine pitching for Tigers. Woodward safe at first on error by second baseman Vina. Cash hit ground rule double to left, Woodward scored. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Catalanotto grounded out to first, Cash to third. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Wells popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Sanchez struck out swinging. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Vina grounded out to second. Walker pitching for Tigers. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Walker pitching for Tigers. Delgado singled to right. Phelps singled to left, Delgado to second. Hinske safe at first on error by second baseman Vina, Delgado to third, Phelps to second. Patterson pitching for Tigers. Myers hit for Woodward. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Delgado out at home, Phelps to third, Hinske to second. Myers struck out swinging. Cash reached on infield single to shortstop, Phelps scored, Hinske to third, Hudson to second. Gomez at shortstop. Adams pitching for Blue Jays. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cash out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Torres ran for White. Adams pitching for Blue Jays. White singled to center. Pena sacrificed to third, Torres to second. Guillen struck out swinging. Higginson intentionally walked. Torres to third, Higginson to second on wild pitch by Adams. Monroe walked. Infante at third base. Munson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Patterson pitching for Tigers. Catalanotto reached on infield single to third. Colyer pitching for Tigers. Wells flied out to left. Delgado walked, Catalanotto to second. Phelps singled to left, Catalanotto and Delgado scored, Phelps to second on throwing error by left fielder Monroe. Hinske lined out to right. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Sanchez struck out swinging. Vina flied out to left. Norton hit for Torres. Rodriguez singled to right. Norton lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 7 - Tigers 5.	Toronto 7, Detroit 5