Tigers - Top 1st. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Sanchez flied out to center. Vina lined out to right. Rodriguez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Young flied out to center. Blalock bunt grounded out to pitcher. Soriano singled to right center. Perry grounded into fielder's choice to third, Soriano out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Dickey pitching for Rangers. White grounded out to third. Pena flied out to center. Guillen singled to center. Guillen to second on passed ball by Laird. Higginson homered to right, Guillen scored. Monroe doubled to right. Infante struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Teixeira walked. Teixeira to second on wild pitch by Maroth. Jordan flied out to left. Young grounded out to third. Teixeira to third on wild pitch by Maroth. Mench walked. Laird walked, Mench to second. Young singled to center, Teixeira and Mench scored, Laird to second. Blalock walked, Laird to third, Young to second. Soriano reached on infield single to shortstop, Laird scored, Young to third, Blalock to third, Blalock to third, Young scored on throwing error by shortstop Guillen.H Blalock tagged out. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 3rd. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Sanchez doubled to left. Vina singled to right, Sanchez scored. Rodriguez flied out to center. White fouled out to first. Pena lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Perry walked. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to third, Perry out at second. Jordan grounded into double play, third to second to first, Teixeira out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Guillen grounded out to first. Higginson walked. Monroe singled to right center, Higginson to second. Infante singled to center, Higginson scored, Monroe to third. Sanchez reached on bunt single to first, Monroe scored, Infante to second. Vina popped out to shortstop. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez singled to center, Infante scored, Sanchez to second. White grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Young flied out to center. Mench grounded out to shortstop. Laird flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Pena walked. Guillen walked, Pena to second. Higginson walked, Pena to third, Guillen to second. Monroe singled to center, Pena and Guillen scored, Higginson to second. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Infante walked, Higginson to third, Monroe to second. Sanchez singled to center, Higginson and Monroe scored, Infante to second. Vina hit by pitch, Infante to third, Sanchez to second. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third, Infante scored, Sanchez to third, Vina to second. White struck out looking. Pena singled to right center, Sanchez and Vina scored, Rodriguez to third. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez scored, Pena out at second. Powell pitching for Rangers. Higginson singled to right, Guillen to third. Monroe flied out to center. 8 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Young singled to right center. Blalock homered to center, Young scored. Soriano doubled to shallow left. Perry homered to right, Soriano scored. Patterson pitching for Tigers. Teixeira walked. Jordan walked, Teixeira to second. Teixeira to third, Jordan to second on wild pitch by Patterson. Levine pitching for Tigers. Dellucci hit for Mench. Young walked. Dellucci singled to right, Teixeira and Jordan scored, Young to third. Laird singled to center, Young scored, Dellucci to second, Dellucci to third on error by center fielder Sanchez. Young struck out swinging. Blalock walked, Laird to second. Soriano singled to center, Dellucci and Laird scored, Blalock to second. Dingman pitching for Tigers. Perry singled to center, Blalock scored, Soriano to second, Soriano to third, Perry to second on throwing error by center fielder Sanchez. Teixeira walked. Dellucci in center field. Jordan grounded into double play, third to first, Perry out at third. 10 Runs, 8 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Powell pitching for Rangers. Infante walked. Sanchez sacrificed to catcher, Infante to second. Vina grounded out to first, Infante to third. Rodriguez singled to left, Infante scored. Rodriguez stole second. White fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Dingman pitching for Tigers. Young walked. Young picked off first. Dellucci struck out looking. Yan pitching for Tigers. Laird walked. Ramirez pitching for Rangers. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Laird out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Rangers. Pena struck out looking. Guillen flied out to center. Higginson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Yan pitching for Tigers. Blalock tripled to deep center. Soriano doubled to deep center, Blalock scored. Perry grounded out to pitcher, Soriano to third. Nix hit for Jordan. Teixeira walked. Nix struck out looking. Nix in center field. Dellucci in right field. Almanzar pitching for Rangers. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Teixeira out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Almanzar pitching for Rangers. Monroe lined out to shortstop. Infante doubled to deep center. Sanchez struck out swinging. Walker pitching for Tigers. Vina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Walker pitching for Tigers. Dellucci struck out swinging. Laird fouled out to first. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Almanzar pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez popped out to second. White flied out to center. Pena grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Walker pitching for Tigers. Blalock popped out to shortstop. Soriano singled to center. Perry singled to shallow left, Soriano to second. Teixeira struck out swinging. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Nix grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 10th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Guillen grounded out to first. Higginson struck out looking. Urbina pitching for Tigers. Monroe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 10th. Urbina pitching for Tigers. Young walked. Fullmer hit for Laird. Dellucci sacrificed to pitcher, Young to second. Fullmer intentionally walked. Young singled to right, Young scored, Fullmer to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 15 - Rangers 16.	Rangers survive 16-15 slugfest over Tigers in 10