Royals - Top 1st. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Graffanino doubled to deep center. Beltran struck out swinging. Sweeney flied out to left, Graffanino to third. Harvey grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Reyes pitching for Royals. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Guillen singled to right. Higginson grounded out to second, Guillen to second. White flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Randa grounded out to pitcher. Relaford struck out swinging. Berroa flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Reyes pitching for Royals. Monroe flied out to center. Pena grounded out to first. Norton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Stinnett struck out swinging. Berger reached on infield single to first. Graffanino walked, Berger to second. Beltran doubled to deep left, Berger and Graffanino scored. Sweeney doubled to deep right center, Beltran scored. Sweeney caught stealing third, catcher to third. Harvey singled to right. Randa singled to left, Harvey to third. Relaford walked, Randa to second. Berroa struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Reyes pitching for Royals. Inge grounded out to third. Infante grounded out to third. Sanchez reached on bunt single to catcher. Sanchez stole second. Guillen walked, Sanchez stole third. Guillen batting. Higginson walked, Guillen to second. White walked, Sanchez scored, Guillen to third, Higginson to second. Monroe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Higginson out at third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Stinnett homered to left. Berger reached on infield single to shortstop. Graffanino walked, Berger to second. Dingman pitching for Tigers. Beltran singled to right, Berger scored, Graffanino to second. Sweeney flied out to left. Graffanino stole third. Harvey singled to center, Graffanino scored, Beltran to third. Randa hit sacrifice fly to center, Beltran scored. Relaford grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harvey out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Reyes pitching for Royals. Pena grounded out to second. Norton flied out to left. Inge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Dingman pitching for Tigers. Berroa reached on infield single to shortstop. Stinnett walked, Berroa to second. Berger grounded into fielder's choice to first, Stinnett out at second, Berroa to third. Berger caught stealing second, catcher to second. Graffanino grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Reyes pitching for Royals. Infante singled to deep left center, Infante to second on error by center fielder Beltran. Sanchez bunt grounded out to catcher. Infante stole third. Guillen grounded out to second, Infante scored. Higginson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 6th. Dingman pitching for Tigers. Beltran hit by pitch. Beltran caught stealing second, catcher to second. Sweeney flied out to right. Harvey singled to center. Harvey to second on wild pitch by Dingman. Randa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Reyes pitching for Royals. White grounded out to pitcher. Monroe singled to right. Pena struck out swinging. Colyer pitching for Tigers. Norton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Colyer pitching for Tigers. Relaford grounded out to shortstop. Berroa singled to left center. Stinnett walked, Berroa to second. Berger singled to center, Berroa to third, Stinnett to second. Graffanino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Berroa scored, Stinnett out at third, Berger to second. Beltran doubled to left, Berger scored, Graffanino to third. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Reyes pitching for Royals. Inge flied out to center. Infante walked. Sanchez singled to right, Infante to third. Guillen grounded out to shortstop, Infante scored, Sanchez to second. Field pitching for Royals. Higginson singled to center, Sanchez scored. Higginson to second on wild pitch by Field. White reached on infield single to shortstop, Higginson to third. Monroe doubled to deep right, Higginson and White scored. Munson at third base. Pena grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Yan pitching for Tigers. Harvey walked. Randa lined out to shortstop. Relaford grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Harvey out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Field pitching for Royals. Munson flied out to right. Inge flied out to center. Infante flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Yan pitching for Tigers. Berroa struck out swinging. Stinnett singled to center. Berger popped out to shortstop. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Graffanino flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Sanchez grounded out to second. Guillen flied out to left. Higginson walked. Higginson to second on fielder's indifference. White popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 9 - Tigers 6.	Beltran back in the swing as Royals roll