Marlins - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop. Pierre stole second, Pierre safe at third on throwing error by catcher Rodriguez. Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop, Pierre scored. Cabrera singled to right, Castillo to second. Lowell flied out to center. Choi grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Willis pitching for Marlins. Sanchez reached on bunt single to second. Guillen grounded out to third, Sanchez to second. Rodriguez lined into double play, pitcher to shortstop, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Conine fouled out to catcher. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Mordecai grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Young lined out to second. White struck out swinging. Monroe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Treanor singled to center. Pierre singled to left, Treanor to second. Castillo reached on bunt single to third, Treanor to third, Pierre to second. Cabrera walked, Treanor scored, Pierre to third, Castillo to second. Lowell hit sacrifice fly to right, Pierre scored, Castillo to third. Choi hit ground rule double to left, Castillo scored, Cabrera to third. Conine lined out to shortstop. Easley at shortstop. Florida's Gonzalez ejected by Fletcher in the 3rd. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Inge reached on infield single to pitcher. Inge caught stealing second, catcher to second. Norton struck out swinging. Infante grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Mordecai safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Norton. Treanor singled to center, Mordecai to second. Dingman pitching for Tigers. Pierre walked, Mordecai to third, Treanor to second. Dingman pitching for Tigers. Castillo flied out to right. Cabrera struck out swinging. Lowell lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Sanchez lined out to second. Guillen popped out to second. Rodriguez singled to left. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Dingman pitching for Tigers. Choi grounded out to second. Conine grounded out to second. Easley grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Willis pitching for Marlins. White grounded out to shortstop. Monroe lined out to left. Inge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Dingman pitching for Tigers. Mordecai lined out to first. Treanor grounded out to second. Pierre inside-the-park home run to right. Castillo walked. Cabrera singled to left, Castillo to second. Lowell struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Norton flied out to center. Infante singled to left center. Sanchez reached on bunt single to pitcher, Infante to second. Guillen singled to right, Infante scored, Sanchez to third, Guillen to second advancing on throw. Rodriguez grounded out to second, Sanchez scored, Guillen to third. Levine pitching for Tigers. Young struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Levine pitching for Tigers. Choi flied out to right. Conine singled to deep left. Easley struck out swinging. Mordecai grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Willis pitching for Marlins. White struck out looking. Monroe popped out to shortstop. Inge struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Levine pitching for Tigers. Treanor doubled to left. Pierre reached on bunt single to pitcher, Treanor to third. Castillo singled to center, Treanor scored, Pierre to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. Colyer pitching for Tigers. Lowell popped out to second. Choi walked, Castillo to second. Yan pitching for Tigers. Conine walked, Pierre scored, Castillo to third, Choi to second. Easley doubled to right, Castillo and Choi scored, Conine to third. Mordecai grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Norton grounded out to second. Infante flied out to left. Sanchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Yan pitching for Tigers. Treanor fouled out to catcher. Pierre flied out to right. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Guillen lined out to left. Rodriguez singled to center. Young grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 9 - Tigers 2.	Marlins ride D-Train's second '04 complete game