Tigers - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Infante popped out to second. Guillen walked. Rodriguez flied out to center. Young lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Crisp grounded out to first. Vizquel singled to right center. Lawton grounded out to first, Vizquel to second. Vizquel to third on wild pitch by Knotts. Martinez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. White struck out swinging. Thames doubled to deep right, Thames to third on error by right fielder Gerut. Higginson singled to center, Thames scored. Inge grounded out to second, Higginson to second. Logan flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Broussard lined out to right. Blake doubled to left. Gerut reached on infield single to second, Blake to third. Belliard walked, Blake scored, Gerut to second, Blake scored, Gerut to third on throwing error by catcher Rodriguez. Sizemore hit by pitch, Belliard to second. Crisp homered to right, Gerut, Belliard and Sizemore scored. Vizquel struck out swinging. Lawton grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Infante struck out swinging. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez singled to left center. Young walked, Rodriguez to second. White homered to left, Rodriguez and Young scored. Thames grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Martinez struck out swinging. Broussard homered to right. Blake doubled to deep right center. Gerut walked. Belliard reached on infield single to second, Blake to third, Gerut to second. Sizemore walked, Blake scored, Gerut to third, Belliard to second. Patterson pitching for Tigers. Crisp grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sizemore out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Higginson grounded out to second. Inge struck out swinging. Logan reached on bunt single to third. Logan caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Infante batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Patterson pitching for Tigers. Vizquel grounded out to second. Lawton popped out to shortstop. Martinez walked. Broussard flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Infante flied out to right center. Guillen flied out to left. Rodriguez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Patterson pitching for Tigers. Blake flied out to center. Gerut singled to left. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gerut out at second. Sizemore walked, Belliard to second. Crisp singled to left, Belliard scored, Sizemore to second. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Vizquel grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Young walked. White singled to right, Young to second. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to first, White out at second, Young to third. Higginson hit sacrifice fly to left center, Young scored. Inge grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Lawton singled to left. Lawton stole second. Martinez flied out to deep center, Lawton to third. Broussard struck out looking. Blake singled to right, Lawton scored. Gerut struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Logan doubled to right center. Infante grounded out to shortstop. Guillen grounded out to second, Logan to third. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Walker pitching for Tigers. Belliard hit by pitch. Sizemore popped out to shallow center. Crisp singled to center. Vizquel doubled to left, Crisp scored. Lawton grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Riske pitching for Indians. Young walked. White grounded out to second, Young to second. Young to third on passed ball by Martinez. Thames struck out swinging. Higginson singled to left center, Young scored. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to third, Higginson out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Urbina pitching for Tigers. Martinez flied out to right. Broussard flied out to center. Blake grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Wickman pitching for Indians. Logan struck out looking. Infante struck out swinging. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 6 - Indians 10.	Late scratch gives Indians a Crisp start