Tigers - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Infante homered to left. Guillen struck out swinging. Rodriguez singled to right center. Young grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rodriguez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Rowand struck out swinging. Alomar singled to left. Lee popped out to shortstop. Konerko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. White singled to center. Pena singled to right, White to second. Higginson homered to right, White and Pena scored. Inge grounded out to third. Logan reached on bunt single to first. Infante struck out swinging, Logan to second on wild pitch by Garcia. Guillen flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Everett grounded out to shortstop. Uribe grounded out to pitcher. Borchard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez lined out to pitcher. Young singled to center. White grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Davis homered to left. Crede singled to left. Rowand safe at first on error by third baseman Inge, Crede to second. Alomar sacrificed to pitcher, Crede to third, Rowand to second. Lee walked. Konerko walked, Crede scored, Rowand to third, Lee to second. Everett hit sacrifice fly to center, Rowand scored, Lee to third. Uribe grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Pena walked. Higginson homered to right, Pena scored. Inge struck out swinging. Logan struck out looking. Infante flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Borchard flied out to left. Davis walked. Crede singled to right, Davis to second. Rowand singled to left, Davis to third, Crede to second. Alomar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Davis out at home, Crede to third, Rowand to second. Lee flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Guillen homered to right center. Rodriguez doubled to deep left. Young flied out to right. Cotts pitching for White Sox. White reached on infield single to shortstop, Rodriguez to third. Pena struck out swinging. Higginson walked, White to second, Rodriguez scored on passed ball. Higginson batting. White to third, Higginson to second on wild pitch by Cotts. White scored, Higginson to third on wild pitch by Cotts. Inge struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Konerko singled to center. Everett grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop, Konerko out at second. Uribe tripled to right center. Borchard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Logan flied out to right. Infante walked. Guillen struck out swinging, Infante caught stealing second. Rodriguez intentionally walked. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Davis walked. Crede popped out to second. Rowand singled to left center, Davis to second. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Alomar singled to left, Davis to third, Rowand to second. Lee doubled to left, Davis and Rowand scored, Alomar to third. Konerko walked. Everett grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Alomar out at home, Lee to third, Konerko to second, Everett to first, Lee and Konerko scored, Everett to third on throwing error by. Valentin hit for Uribe. Valentin at shortstop. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Valentin at shortstop. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Valentin popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 7th. Jackson pitching for White Sox. White grounded out to shortstop. Pena walked. Higginson singled to right, Higginson thrown out at second, Pena to third. Inge grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Borchard homered to left. Davis struck out swinging. Crede fouled out to left. Levine pitching for Tigers. Rowand reached on infield single to shortstop. Rowand caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Alomar batting. Adkins pitching for White Sox. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Adkins pitching for White Sox. Logan fouled out to shortstop. Infante singled to center. Marte pitching for White Sox. Guillen struck out swinging. Yan pitching for Tigers. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Infante out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Yan pitching for Tigers. Alomar struck out swinging. Lee flied out to left. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Marte pitching for White Sox. Young homered to left. White flied out to right. Pena flied out to right. Higginson hit by pitch. Higginson stole second. Inge singled to center, Higginson scored, Inge to second on throwing error by center fielder Rowand. Urbina pitching for Tigers. Monroe in left field. Logan grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Urbina pitching for Tigers. Everett grounded out to third. Valentin popped out to second. Borchard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 11 - White Sox 8.	Detroit rocks ChiSox: Four HRs secure Tigers win