Athletics - Top 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Canha doubled to left . Laureano struck out swinging . Canha stole third . Lowrie grounded out to second , Canha scored . Olson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Locastro reached on infield single to pitcher . Calhoun walked , Locastro to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Calhoun out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Chapman singled to right . Murphy doubled to center , Chapman to third . Piscotty lined into double play , shortstop to second , Murphy doubled off second . Andrus intentionally walked . Bassitt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . VanMeter struck out swinging . Escobar popped out to third . Ahmed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Canha walked . Laureano singled to left , Canha to second . Lowrie doubled to shallow left , Laureano scored on error and Canha scored , Lowrie safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed . Olson grounded out to first . Chapman flied out to left . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Vogt flied out to right . Bumgarner walked . Locastro walked , Bumgarner to second . Calhoun singled to center , Bumgarner scored , Locastro to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Locastro scored . Peralta struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Piscotty struck out looking . Andrus lined out to center . Bassitt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . VanMeter grounded out to second . Escobar grounded out to first . Ahmed grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Canha popped out to first . Laureano walked . Lowrie singled to center , Laureano to second . Laureano scored on throwing error by pitcher Bumgarner , Lowrie safe at third on error . Olson hit sacrifice fly to left , Lowrie scored . Chapman homered to left ( 393 feet ) . Murphy hit by pitch . Swarzak pitching for Diamondbacks . Piscotty struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Vogt flied out to center . An . Young hit for Swarzak . An . Young walked . Locastro walked , An . Young to second . Calhoun grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Locastro safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Olson , An . Young to third . Cabrera popped out to first . Peralta flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 6th . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Andrus flied out to center . Tom hit for Bassitt . Tom flied out to left . Canha grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Petit pitching for Athletics . VanMeter tripled to right . Escobar popped out to shortstop . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop , VanMeter scored . Vogt popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Laureano singled to right . Lowrie struck out swinging , Laureano stole second . Olson hit by pitch . Chapman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Olson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Wendelken pitching for Athletics . Smith hit for Smith . Smith grounded out to third . Locastro grounded out to third . Calhoun reached on infield single to second . Cabrera doubled to right , Calhoun scored . Peralta singled to center , Cabrera scored . Mathisen hit for VanMeter . Diekman pitching for Athletics . Mathisen struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Cabrera at third base . Mathisen at first base . Escobar at second base . Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks . Murphy grounded out to third . Piscotty doubled to left . Andrus singled to right , Piscotty scored , Andrus to second . Andrus to third on passed ball by Vogt . Diekman struck out swinging . Canha struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Brown at first base . Diekman pitching for Athletics . Escobar lined out to center . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Vogt lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks . Laureano grounded out to third . Lowrie walked . Brown struck out swinging . Lowrie to second on wild pitch by Crichton . Chapman singled to right , Lowrie scored . Murphy doubled to deep left , Chapman scored . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Piscotty struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Rojas hit for Peacock . Rojas struck out looking . Locastro flied out to right . Calhoun singled to center . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Chapman homers , A 's beat MadBum and Diamondbacks 9 - 5