Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Fedde pitching for Nationals . Locastro struck out swinging . Calhoun struck out swinging . VanMeter safe at first on fielding error by center fielder Stevenson , VanMeter safe at second on error . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner singled to left . Turner stole second . Soto grounded out to shortstop . Bell flied out to left . Schwarber safe at first on fielding error by second baseman VanMeter , Turner safe at third on error . Castro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Fedde pitching for Nationals . Smith singled to center . Escobar struck out swinging . Ahmed struck out looking . Vogt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Stevenson struck out swinging . Gomes homered to left ( 383 feet ) . Mercer flied out to left . Fedde struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Fedde pitching for Nationals . Weaver struck out looking . Locastro singled to left . Locastro caught stealing second , catcher to third . Calhoun homered to right ( 419 feet ) . VanMeter safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Turner . Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop , VanMeter to second . Smith flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Mathisen at first base . Smith in center field . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner singled to left . Soto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Turner out at second . Bell struck out looking . Schwarber popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Fedde pitching for Nationals . Escobar popped out to shortstop . Ahmed struck out looking . Vogt grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro doubled to center . Stevenson doubled to right , Castro scored . Gomes singled to right , Stevenson scored . Mercer singled to right , Gomes to second . Fedde sacrificed to first , Mercer to second , Gomes to third . Turner reached on infield single to third . Soto hit sacrifice fly to left , Gomes scored , Mercer to third . Bell lined out to center . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . An . Young hit for Weaver . Fedde pitching for Nationals . An . Young struck out swinging . Mathisen struck out looking . Calhoun walked . VanMeter popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Schwarber singled to right . Castro lined out to left . Robles hit for Stevenson . Robles flied out to right . Gomes singled to center , Schwarber to second . Mercer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Robles in center field . Clay pitching for Nationals . Peralta grounded out to first . Smith struck out swinging . Escobar homered to center ( 423 feet ) . Ahmed flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Pérez hit for Clay . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Pérez walked . Turner struck out looking . Soto flied out to center . Bell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pérez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Finnegan pitching for Nationals . Vogt flied out to center . Rojas hit for Smith . Rojas walked . Mathisen struck out swinging . Calhoun lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Swarzak pitching for Diamondbacks . Schwarber doubled to center . Castro singled to center , Schwarber scored . Robles reached on bunt single to catcher , Castro to second . Gomes grounded into double play , third to second to first , Robles out at second , Castro to third . Mercer grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Rainey pitching for Nationals . VanMeter struck out swinging . Peralta popped out to shortstop . Smith lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Zimmerman hit for Rainey . Zimmerman homered to right ( 379 feet ) . Turner flied out to center . Soto struck out swinging . Bell grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Suero pitching for Nationals . Escobar walked . McGowin pitching for Nationals . Ahmed grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Turner . Vogt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ahmed to second , Escobar out at third . Cabrera hit for Clarke . Cabrera popped out to second . Mathisen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Nationals 6 .	Gomes HR , gets Locastro , Nats top D'backs for 1st win streak