Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Smith popped out to shortstop . Cabrera doubled to deep right . Walker popped out to first . Peralta grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Rojas grounded out to second . Aguilar grounded out to shortstop . Dickerson walked . Duvall singled to center , Dickerson to third . Anderson homered to right ( 371 feet ) , Dickerson scored and Duvall scored . Díaz grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Kelly grounded out to catcher . Escobar grounded out to second . Ahmed singled to left center . Ahmed to second on wild pitch by Alcantara . Rojas walked . Smith safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Díaz , Rojas to second , Ahmed to third . Smith grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Brinson doubled to deep center . León flied out to center . Alcantara struck out looking . Brinson to third on passed ball by Kelly . Rojas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Cabrera grounded out to first . Walker struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Aguilar grounded out to second . Dickerson grounded out to first . Duvall flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Kelly struck out swinging . Escobar singled to right . Ahmed grounded into double play , third to second to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Anderson struck out swinging . Díaz walked . Brinson struck out swinging . León flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Rojas homered to right ( 375 feet ) . Smith struck out swinging . Smith struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to deep right center , Cabrera out stretching at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Alcantara singled to right . Rojas singled to right , Alcantara to second . Aguilar flied out to center . Dickerson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rojas out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Walker singled to left center . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Walker scored on throwing error by second baseman Díaz , Peralta second . Kelly struck out swinging . Escobar popped out to shortstop . Ahmed lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Bukauskas pitching for Diamondbacks . Duvall lined out to left . Anderson grounded out to catcher . Díaz lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Floro pitching for Marlins . Rojas struck out swinging . VanMeter hit for Bukauskas . VanMeter popped out to third . Smith walked . Cabrera singled to left , Smith to second . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Brinson lined out to center . León flied out to center . Devers hit for Floro . Devers lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Bass pitching for Marlins . Peralta walked . Locastro ran for Peralta . Kelly singled to left , Locastro to second . Varsho ran for Kelly . Escobar singled to left , Locastro scored , Varsho to second . Ahmed sacrificed , Ahmed to first on fielding error by catcher León , Escobar to second , Varsho to third . Bleier pitching for Marlins . Rojas struck out swinging . Mathisen hit for Clarke . Mathisen struck out swinging . Smith struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Smith in left field . Vogt catching . Varsho in center field . Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks . Rojas doubled to right . Aguilar singled to right center , Rojas scored . Dickerson reached on infield single to first , Aguilar scored on throwing error by catcher Vogt , Dickerson to second . Duvall struck out swinging . Young pitching for Diamondbacks . Anderson intentionally walked . Díaz flied out to left . Brinson homered to right center ( 406 feet ) , Dickerson scored and Anderson scored . León singled to right . Cooper hit for Bleier . Cooper singled to left center , León to second . Rojas singled to left , León scored , Cooper to second . Aguilar struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Cimber pitching for Marlins . Cabrera struck out swinging . Walker struck out swinging . Vogt popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Marlins 9 .	Aguilar sparks 6 - run 8th as Marlins beat Diamondbacks 9 - 3