Nationals - Top 1st . Frankoff pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner doubled to left . Turner to third on wild pitch by Frankoff . Harrison walked . Soto grounded out to second , Turner scored , Harrison to second . Harrison to third on wild pitch by Frankoff . Schwarber struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Ross pitching for Nationals . Smith singled to shallow left . Rojas doubled to deep right , Smith to third . Escobar singled to left center , Smith scored and Rojas scored . Peralta singled to left , Escobar to second . VanMeter struck out looking . Varsho singled to right center , Escobar scored , Varsho to second , Peralta to third . Ahmed flied out to right . Heath intentionally walked . Frankoff grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Frankoff pitching for Diamondbacks . Bell singled to left center . Gomes struck out swinging . Ross sacrificed to pitcher , Bell to second . Robles singled to center , Bell scored . Robles stole second . Turner struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Ross pitching for Nationals . Smith struck out swinging . Rojas grounded out to second . Escobar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Frankoff pitching for Diamondbacks . Harrison walked . Soto grounded into double play , pitcher to third to shortstop to first , Harrison out at second . Schwarber flied out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Ross pitching for Nationals . Peralta flied out to right . VanMeter struck out looking . Varsho reached on infield single to third . Ahmed grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Frankoff pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro grounded out to second . Bell struck out looking . Gomes popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Ross pitching for Nationals . Heath struck out looking . Frankoff struck out swinging . Smith hit by pitch . Rojas walked , Smith to second . Escobar homered to right ( 413 feet ) , Smith scored and Rojas scored . Peralta grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Frankoff pitching for Diamondbacks . Ross safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Escobar . Robles popped out to shortstop . Turner walked , Ross to second . Harrison grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Turner out at second , Ross to third . Soto walked , Harrison to second . Al . Young pitching for Diamondbacks . Schwarber struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Ross pitching for Nationals . VanMeter singled to right . Varsho walked , VanMeter to second . Clay pitching for Nationals . Ahmed grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Varsho out at second , VanMeter to third . VanMeter scored on Clay wild pitch , Ahmed to second on wild pitch by Clay . Heath grounded out to third , Ahmed to third . An . Young hit for Al . Young . An . Young singled to center , Ahmed scored . Smith struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro popped out to first . Bell grounded out to third . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Suero pitching for Nationals . Rojas struck out swinging . Escobar struck out swinging . Peralta homered to right ( 381 feet ) . VanMeter grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Stevenson hit for Suero . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Stevenson lined out to center . Robles doubled to center . Robles to third on wild pitch by Clarke . Turner grounded out to shortstop , Robles scored . Harrison singled to center . Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks . Leyba at second base . Soto reached on infield single to second , Harrison to second . Schwarber struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Harris pitching for Nationals . Varsho struck out swinging . Ahmed struck out swinging . Heath flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro grounded out to second . Bell grounded out to second . Gomes singled to right . López pitching for Diamondbacks . Zimmerman hit for Harris . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gomes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Voth pitching for Nationals . Leyba grounded out to second . Smith lined out to center . Rojas singled to right . Escobar homered to right ( 400 feet ) , Rojas scored . Peralta struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Robles grounded out to third . Turner singled to right center . Harrison doubled to right , Turner to third . Soto singled to second base . Turner scored , Harrison to third . Schwarber lined out to second . Soto to second on fielder 's indifference . Castro walked . Bell fouled out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 4 - Diamondbacks 11 .	Escobar has 2 HRs , 7 RBIs as D - backs rout Nationals 11 - 4