Cardinals - Top 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Edman walked . Edman stole second . Edman to third on wild pitch by Bumgarner . Carlson walked . Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to center , Edman scored . Arenado lined out to center . Molina doubled to left , Carlson scored . O'Neill homered to left ( 408 feet ) , Molina scored . Sosa lined out to right . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Rojas walked . Kelly flied out to left . Escobar grounded out to first , Rojas to second . Peralta singled to right , Rojas scored , Peralta to second . Smith walked . Reddick grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Thomas struck out swinging . Oviedo grounded out to second . Edman walked . Carlson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Ahmed walked . Locastro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ahmed safe at second on error by second baseman Edman . Bumgarner struck out swinging . Rojas singled to right center , Locastro to second , Ahmed to third . Kelly hit sacrifice fly to right , Ahmed scored , Locastro to third . Escobar flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Goldschmidt flied out to center . Arenado homered to left ( 373 feet ) . Molina struck out swinging . O'Neill struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Peralta walked . Smith walked , Peralta to second . Reddick reached on infield single to second , Peralta scored , Smith to second . Ahmed struck out swinging . Locastro grounded into double play , third to first , Smith out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Sosa grounded out to shortstop . Thomas walked . Oviedo grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Thomas safe at second on throwing error by catcher Kelly . Edman singled to left , Thomas scored , Oviedo to second . Carlson hit ground rule double to deep right center , Oviedo scored , Edman to third . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Arenado lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Bumgarner struck out swinging . Rojas walked . Kelly popped out to second . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina flied out to center . O'Neill grounded out to shortstop . Sosa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Peralta grounded out to second . Smith doubled to right . Reddick singled to left center , Reddick safe at second on throwing error by left fielder O'Neill , Smith safe at third on error . Woodford pitching for Cardinals . Ahmed struck out swinging . Locastro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 6th . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Thomas struck out looking . Woodford grounded out to first . Edman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Leyba hit for Smith . Woodford pitching for Cardinals . Leyba popped out to shortstop . Rojas struck out swinging . Kelly struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Buchter pitching for Diamondbacks . Carlson grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt walked . Arenado flied out to left . Molina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Woodford pitching for Cardinals . Escobar struck out looking . Peralta grounded out to first . Smith tripled to deep right center . Reddick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Buchter pitching for Diamondbacks . O'Neill doubled to deep left . Sosa flied out to left , O'Neill to third . Thomas intentionally walked . Carpenter hit for Woodford . Carpenter struck out swinging . Edman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Helsley pitching for Cardinals . Ahmed lined out to shortstop . Locastro doubled to left . Marte hit for Buchter . Marte reached on infield single to second , Locastro to third . Rojas walked , Marte to second . Kelly continues to at bat after dropped foul ball by catcher Molina . Kelly struck out swinging . Escobar singled to right , Locastro scored and Marte scored , Rojas to third . Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals . Peralta struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 9th . Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks . Locastro in left field . Marte in center field . Carlson lined out to center . Goldschmidt safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Rojas , Goldschmidt safe at second on error . Goldschmidt stole third . Arenado hit sacrifice fly to left , Goldschmidt scored . Molina flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals . Smith struck out swinging . Reddick doubled to left . Ahmed singled to shallow left , Reddick to third . Locastro hit by pitch , Ahmed to second . Marte grounded out to first , Reddick scored , Locastro to second , Ahmed to third . Rojas grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Diamondbacks 6 .	O'Neill homers in Cards ' win , D - backs lose 12th straight