Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Littell pitching for Giants . Rojas singled to center . Marte singled to right , Rojas to third . Kelly walked , Marte to second . Walker singled to center , Rojas scored , Kelly to second , Marte to third . Cabrera walked , Marte scored , Walker to second , Kelly to third . Peralta singled to center , Kelly scored and Walker scored , Cabrera to second . Long pitching for Giants . Reddick struck out swinging . Ahmed grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Peralta out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Young pitching for Diamondbacks . Slater singled to right center . Yastrzemski fouled out to third . Posey lined out to center . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Long pitching for Giants . Young struck out swinging . Rojas singled to right . Marte singled to left , Rojas to second . Kelly popped out to first . Walker doubled to deep left center , Marte scored and Rojas scored . Cabrera hit ground rule double to deep center , Walker scored . Peralta lined out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Young pitching for Diamondbacks . Flores singled to right . Belt walked , Flores to second . Belt to second on wild pitch by Young , Flores to third on wild pitch by Young . Solano grounded out to second , Flores scored , Belt to third . Duggar homered to right ( 400 feet ) , Belt scored . Long grounded out to catcher . Slater grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Long pitching for Giants . Reddick flied out to center . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Young pitching for Diamondbacks . Yastrzemski struck out looking . Posey singled to center . Crawford grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Posey out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Long pitching for Giants . Rojas grounded out to first . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Kelly lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Young pitching for Diamondbacks . Flores grounded out to third . Belt singled to center . Solano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Belt out at second . Duggar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Long pitching for Giants . Walker flied out to left . Cabrera walked . Peralta doubled to deep right , Cabrera to third . Reddick grounded out to pitcher , Cabrera scored , Peralta to third . Ahmed flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Martin pitching for Diamondbacks . Tauchman hit for Long . Tauchman grounded out to second . Slater struck out swinging . Yastrzemski reached on infield single to second . Posey walked , Yastrzemski to second . Crawford walked , Posey to second , Yastrzemski to third . Flores lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Menez pitching for Giants . Martin struck out swinging . Rojas singled to left . Marte struck out looking . Kelly doubled to left , Rojas to third . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Martin pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt tripled to deep right . Solano singled to left , Belt scored . Duggar grounded out to first , Solano to second . Wade Jr hit for Menez . Wade Jr struck out swinging . Vosler hit for Slater . Vosler reached on infield single to first , Solano scored . Yastrzemski grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . García pitching for Giants . Wade Jr in left field . Cabrera lined out to center . Peralta grounded out to second . Reddick doubled to deep right . Ahmed struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Martin pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey flied out to center . Crawford flied out to center . Flores flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Sherfy pitching for Giants . Smith hit for Martin . Smith popped out to third . Rojas grounded out to third . Marte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt doubled to deep right . Solano safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Cabrera . Dubón hit for Duggar . Dubón flied out to left . Wade Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Solano out at second , Belt to third . Casali hit for Sherfy . Castellanos pitching for Diamondbacks . Casali walked , Wade Jr to second . Yastrzemski homered to right ( 395 feet ) , Belt scored , Wade Jr scored and Casali scored . Posey struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Rogers pitching for Giants . Dubón in center field . Kelly grounded out to second . Walker struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Giants 9 .	D - backs lose 21st straight road game , blow 7 - run lead at SF