Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Hyun Kim pitching for Cardinals . Rojas struck out swinging . Locastro flied out to right . Escobar walked . Walker reached on infield single to shortstop , Escobar to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Carlson struck out swinging . Goldschmidt doubled to deep left . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . O'Neill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Hyun Kim pitching for Cardinals . Reddick walked . Ahmed flied out to center . Varsho lined out to center . Smith struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Carpenter grounded out to second . Molina singled to right . Edman flied out to left . Sosa singled to center , Molina to second . Kim doubled to deep left , Sosa scored and Molina scored . Carlson fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Hyun Kim pitching for Cardinals . Rojas singled to shallow right . Locastro hit by pitch , Rojas to second . Escobar flied out to center . Walker struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to right , Rojas scored , Locastro to second . Reddick popped out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right . Arenado flied out to left , Goldschmidt to third . O'Neill singled to center , Goldschmidt scored . Carpenter flied out to left . O'Neill stole second , O'Neill safe at third on throwing error by catcher Varsho . Molina singled to right , O'Neill scored . Edman lined out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Hyun Kim pitching for Cardinals . Ahmed walked . Varsho grounded out to second , Ahmed to second . Young hit for Smith . Young struck out swinging . Rojas flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Castellanos pitching for Diamondbacks . Sosa safe at first on catcher 's interference . Kim sacrificed to pitcher , Sosa to second . Carlson struck out swinging . Goldschmidt singled to right center , Sosa scored . Arenado flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Hyun Kim pitching for Cardinals . Locastro flied out to center . Escobar flied out to left . Walker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Castellanos pitching for Diamondbacks . O'Neill doubled to right center . Carpenter struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to third . Edman singled to center , O'Neill scored , Edman to second . Sosa flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Edman at second base . Nootbaar in right field . Cabrera doubled to right center . Reddick lined out to right . Ahmed walked . Varsho lined out to left . Peralta hit for Castellanos . Peralta flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Rojas at second base . Escobar at third base . Buchter pitching for Diamondbacks . Peralta in left field . Nootbaar fouled out to catcher . Carlson singled to right center . Goldschmidt lined out to center . Arenado lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Rojas grounded out to pitcher . Smith hit for Locastro . Smith flied out to right . Escobar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Smith in center field . Buchter pitching for Diamondbacks . O'Neill hit ground rule double to deep center . Rondón hit for Gant . Rondón walked . Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina lined out to right , O'Neill to third . Edman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , O'Neill scored , Rondón out at second . Sosa flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Ramirez pitching for Cardinals . Walker singled to center . VanMeter hit for Mantiply . VanMeter walked , Walker to second . Reddick grounded into fielder 's choice to first , VanMeter out at second , Walker to third . Ahmed walked , Reddick to second . Helsley pitching for Cardinals . Varsho walked , Walker scored , Ahmed to second , Reddick to third . Reddick scored , Varsho to second , Ahmed to third on wild pitch by Helsley . Peralta grounded out to shortstop , Ahmed scored , Varsho to third . Rojas grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Soria pitching for Diamondbacks . Nootbaar flied out to left . Carlson grounded out to first . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Smith grounded out to first . Escobar struck out looking . Walker reached on infield single to shortstop , Walker safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Sosa . Vogt hit for Soria . Vogt fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Cardinals 7 .	Kim ends skid , helps with 2 - run double , Cards sweep D - Backs