Giants - Top 1st . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Wade Jr walked . Yastrzemski fouled out to catcher . Posey walked , Wade Jr to second . Dickerson struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Wood pitching for Giants . Rojas popped out to third . Ahmed lined out to left . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Flores walked . Duggar singled to left center , Flores to second . Estrada singled to right , Duggar to second , Flores to third . Wood struck out looking . Wade Jr hit sacrifice fly to center , Flores scored . Yastrzemski singled to right , Duggar scored , Estrada to second . Posey struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Wood pitching for Giants . Walker struck out swinging . Cabrera lined out to first . Smith struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Dickerson homered to right ( 415 feet ) . Crawford singled to left . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Flores popped out to first . Duggar fouled out to left . Estrada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crawford out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Wood pitching for Giants . Vogt struck out swinging . Heath struck out swinging . Peacock walked . Rojas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Wood grounded out to second . Wade Jr doubled to right . Yastrzemski lined out to left . Posey flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Wood pitching for Giants . Ahmed singled to left . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop , Ahmed to third . Walker hit by pitch , Escobar to second . Cabrera singled to center , Ahmed scored and Escobar scored , Walker to second . Smith struck out swinging . Vogt singled to left , Cabrera to second , Walker to third . Heath struck out swinging . Peacock grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vogt out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Dickerson grounded out to shortstop . Crawford doubled to deep right center . Flores singled to left , Crawford scored . Duggar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Flores out at second . Duggar to second on wild pitch by Peacock . Estrada doubled to left , Duggar scored . Wood grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Wood pitching for Giants . Rojas lined out to center . Ahmed walked . Escobar flied out to left . Walker walked , Ahmed to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Wade Jr struck out swinging . Yastrzemski lined out to right . Posey grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . García pitching for Giants . Smith popped out to first . Vogt struck out swinging . Heath struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Slater hit for Dickerson . Smith in center field . Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks . Reddick in right field . Slater struck out swinging . Crawford reached on infield single to first . Flores grounded into double play , third to second to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Slater in left field . Leone pitching for Giants . Reddick flied out to center . Rojas flied out to center . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks . Duggar struck out swinging . de Geus pitching for Diamondbacks . Estrada grounded out to third . Davis hit for Leone . Davis doubled to right . Wade Jr homered to right ( 427 feet ) , Davis scored . Yastrzemski singled to center . Yastrzemski picked off first . Brett de Geus pitches to Buster Posey . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Sherfy pitching for Giants . Escobar homered to right ( 397 feet ) . Walker struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to left . Smith homered to right center ( 443 feet ) . Vogt flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Bukauskas pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey walked . Slater grounded into double play , third to second to first , Posey out at second . Crawford walked . Crawford stole second . Flores safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed , Crawford safe at third on error . Duggar walked , Flores to second . Estrada homered to left ( 431 feet ) , Crawford scored , Flores scored and Duggar scored . Ruf hit for Sherfy . Ruf grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Varsho hit for Bukauskas . Littell pitching for Giants . Varsho reached on infield single to first . Reddick struck out swinging . Rojas grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Varsho out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 11 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Dickerson , Wade homer as Giants beat Diamondbacks 11 - 4