Dodgers - Top 1st . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Betts walked . Taylor struck out swinging . Turner flied out to right . Pujols walked , Betts to second . Seager struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Ahmed flied out to center . Marte singled to right center . Ellis lined out to second . Walker flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Pollock reached on infield single to third . Barnes walked , Pollock to second . McKinney walked , Barnes to second , Pollock to third . Urías popped out to shortstop . Betts struck out swinging . Taylor walked , Pollock scored , McKinney to second , Barnes to third . Turner reached on infield single to third , Barnes scored , Taylor to second , McKinney to third . Pujols doubled to left , Turner scored , McKinney scored and Taylor scored . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Reddick grounded out to third . Hager struck out swinging . Varsho reached on infield single to shortstop . Holaday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Pollock reached on infield single to second . Barnes grounded out to third , Pollock to second . McKinney grounded out to second , Pollock to third . Urías grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Peacock grounded out to pitcher . Ahmed flied out to center . Marte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Betts flied out to right . Taylor reached on infield single to third . Turner lined out to second . Pujols grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Ellis struck out swinging . Walker reached on infield single to third , Walker safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Turner . Reddick struck out swinging . Hager struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 5th . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager doubled to deep center . Pollock flied out to left . Barnes reached on infield single to pitcher , Seager to third . McKinney singled to right , Seager scored , Barnes to second . Urías sacrificed to pitcher , McKinney to second , Barnes to third . Barnes scored on Peacock wild pitch , McKinney to third on wild pitch by Peacock . Betts flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Varsho struck out looking . Holaday struck out swinging . Cabrera hit for Peacock . Cabrera singled to left center . Ahmed flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor struck out looking . Turner struck out swinging . Pujols hit by pitch . Seager hit by pitch , Pujols to second . Pollock doubled to left , Pujols scored , Seager to third . Barnes lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Bickford pitching for Dodgers . Marte grounded out to second . Ellis struck out looking . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Buchter pitching for Diamondbacks . McKinney struck out swinging . Bickford struck out swinging . Betts singled to left . Taylor doubled to left , Betts to third . Turner homered to left ( 354 feet ) , Betts scored and Taylor scored . Pujols struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Price pitching for Dodgers . Reddick struck out swinging . Hager flied out to right . Varsho grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Aguilar pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager walked . Pollock doubled to deep center , Seager scored . Barnes fouled out to left . McKinney flied out to left . Beaty hit for Price . Beaty popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Ramírez pitching for Dodgers . Beaty at third base . Holaday grounded out to third . VanMeter hit for Aguilar . VanMeter walked . Ahmed grounded into double play , second to first , VanMeter out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Varsho catching . Bryan Holaday pitching for Diamondbacks . VanMeter in left field . Betts homered to left ( 380 feet ) . Taylor hit by pitch . Ramírez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Taylor out at second . Pujols walked . Seager flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Ramirez pitching for Dodgers . Marte lined out to right . Ellis struck out swinging . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 13 - Diamondbacks 0 .	Betts returns with HR , Dodgers pound Diamondbacks 13 - 0