Mariners - Top 1st . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford flied out to left . Haniger grounded out to shortstop . France singled to center . Seager lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Rojas safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Crawford . Marte grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Rojas out at second . Smith walked . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 2nd . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Toro struck out swinging . Murphy grounded out to third . Kelenic struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Flexen pitching for Mariners . VanMeter reached on bunt single to third . Varsho flied out to left . Young walked , VanMeter to second . McCarthy flied out to left . Gilbert struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Moore flied out to center . Flexen flied out to left . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Rojas flied out to left . Marte flied out to center . Smith grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Haniger walked . France singled to right , Haniger to third . Seager grounded into fielder 's choice to first , France to second . Toro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Haniger scored , Seager out at second , France to third . Murphy hit sacrifice fly to right , France scored . Toro caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Tyler Gilbert pitches to Jarred Kelenic . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Peralta grounded out to second . VanMeter grounded out to shortstop . Varsho popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Kelenic flied out to right . Moore flied out to center . Flexen fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Young lined out to center . McCarthy grounded out to first . Gilbert struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford walked . Haniger struck out looking . France lined out to third . Seager flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Flexen pitching for Mariners . Rojas doubled to deep left . Marte flied out to right , Rojas to third . Smith doubled to deep right , Rojas scored . Peralta homered to left center ( 411 feet ) , Smith scored . VanMeter fouled out to left . Varsho struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Toro doubled to left . Murphy singled to left center , Toro to third . Kelenic grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Toro scored , Murphy out at second . Moore flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Swanson pitching for Mariners . Young struck out swinging . McCarthy struck out swinging . Ramos hit for Gilbert . Ramos singled to right center . Rojas lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Wendelken pitching for Diamondbacks . Marmolejos hit for Swanson . Marmolejos struck out swinging . Crawford flied out to right . Haniger struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Sewald pitching for Mariners . Marte struck out swinging . Smith flied out to center . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Clippard pitching for Diamondbacks . France safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Rojas . Seager flied out to right . Toro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , France out at second . Toro stole second . Murphy walked . Kelenic lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Steckenrider pitching for Mariners . VanMeter grounded out to shortstop . Varsho flied out to center . Young struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 10th . Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks . Moore bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Kelenic out at third . Torrens hit for Steckenrider . Moore caught stealing second , catcher to second . Torrens doubled to deep center . Crawford flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . McCarthy sacrificed to catcher , Young to third . Walker hit for Mantiply . Walker struck out swinging . Rojas popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 11th . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Haniger walked . France walked , Haniger to second , Crawford to third . Seager doubled to shallow right , Crawford scored and Haniger scored , France to third . Poppen pitching for Diamondbacks . Toro singled to center , France scored , Seager to third . Murphy singled to right , Seager scored , Toro to second . Kelenic struck out looking . Moore popped out to shortstop . Bauers hit for Ramirez . Bauers doubled to deep right , Murphy scored and Toro scored . de Geus pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford reached on infield single to second , Bauers to third . Haniger singled to right , Bauers scored , Crawford to second . France hit by pitch , Haniger to second , Crawford to third . Seager grounded out to second . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 11th . Andriese pitching for Mariners . Rojas to third on passed ball by Murphy . Marte singled to right , Rojas scored . Smith grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Marte out at second . Peralta struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 10 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Seager 's double keys 11th inning rally , Mariners top D - backs