Braves - Top 1st . Mejia pitching for Diamondbacks . Soler grounded out to second . Freeman flied out to left . Albies struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Ynoa pitching for Braves . Rojas grounded out to second . Marte doubled to right . Varsho fouled out to third . Peralta grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Mejia pitching for Diamondbacks . Riley doubled to left . Duvall struck out swinging . Rosario walked . Swanson struck out swinging . Contreras flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Ynoa pitching for Braves . Kelly flied out to center . Smith flied out to center . Ramos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Mejia pitching for Diamondbacks . Ynoa grounded out to third . Soler lined out to center . Freeman singled to shallow left . Albies doubled to right , Freeman to third . Riley doubled to deep left center , Albies scored and Freeman scored . Duvall struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Ynoa pitching for Braves . Vargas walked . Mejía struck out bunting foul . Rojas singled to left , Vargas to second . Marte doubled to right , Rojas scored on throwing error by right fielder Soler and Vargas scored , Marte out stretching at third . Varsho tripled to deep center . Varsho scored on Ynoa wild pitch . Peralta grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 4th . Mejia pitching for Diamondbacks . Rosario flied out to right . Swanson flied out to center . Contreras walked . Ynoa lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Ynoa pitching for Braves . Kelly grounded out to third . Smith doubled to deep center . Ramos grounded out to shortstop , Smith to third . Vargas intentionally walked . Mejía lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Mejia pitching for Diamondbacks . Soler doubled to deep left . Freeman doubled to right , Soler scored . Albies singled to right center , Freeman scored , Albies to second . Riley doubled to deep left center , Albies scored . Widener pitching for Diamondbacks . Duvall homered to left ( 483 feet ) , Riley scored . Rosario singled to right . Swanson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rosario safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Vargas . Contreras struck out swinging . Fried hit for Ynoa . Fried walked , Swanson to second , Rosario to third . Soler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rosario scored , Fried out at second , Swanson to third . Freeman reached on infield single to first , Swanson scored on error , Freeman to second , Soler to second , Soler safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Marte . Albies struck out looking . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Braves . Rojas struck out swinging . Marte struck out swinging . Varsho flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Poppen pitching for Diamondbacks . Riley struck out swinging . Duvall struck out swinging . Rosario flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Newcomb pitching for Braves . Peralta walked . Kelly grounded into double play , third to second to first , Peralta out at second . Smith walked . Ramos grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Poppen pitching for Diamondbacks . Swanson grounded out to shortstop . Contreras doubled to left . Pederson hit for Newcomb . Pederson struck out looking . Soler lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Rodríguez pitching for Braves . Vargas flied out to center . McCarthy hit for Poppen . McCarthy homered to right ( 369 feet ) . Rojas lined out to right . Marte doubled to deep center . Varsho struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . de Geus pitching for Diamondbacks . Freeman struck out swinging . Albies flied out to center . Riley flied out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Martin pitching for Braves . Peralta flied out to left . Kelly struck out swinging . Smith grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . de Geus pitching for Diamondbacks . Duvall flied out to right . Rosario homered to right ( 421 feet ) . Swanson struck out looking . Contreras singled to center . Heredia hit for Martin . Heredia singled to right , Contreras to third . Contreras scored on de Geus wild pitch , Heredia to second on wild pitch by de Geus . Soler grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Santana pitching for Braves . Duvall in right field . Heredia in center field . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Vargas singled to right center . VanMeter hit for de Geus . VanMeter lined out to left . Vargas to second on fielder 's indifference . Rojas grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 11 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Braves ride big 5th inning to win , extend NL East lead