Rockies - Top 1st . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler grounded out to third . Herrera flied out to center . Helton singled to center . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Young grounded out to shortstop . Roberts flied out to center . Upton doubled to deep right center . Drew flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez walked . Gonzalez stole second . Lopez grounded out to second , Gonzalez to third . Spilborghs hit sacrifice fly to right , Gonzalez scored . Iannetta walked . De La Rosa singled to left , Iannetta to second . Fowler flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Nady flied out to right . Mora struck out swinging . Parra struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Herrera singled to right center . Helton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Herrera out at second . Tulowitzki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Blanco homered to left ( 416 feet ) . Saunders singled to left . Young popped out to second . Roberts walked , Saunders to second . Upton grounded out to pitcher , Saunders to third , Roberts to second . Drew walked . Nady singled to center , Saunders and Roberts scored , Drew to third . Mora struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez homered to right ( 453 feet ) . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Spilborghs bunt grounded out to pitcher . Iannetta struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Parra flied out to left . Blanco doubled to deep center . Saunders grounded out to first , Blanco to third . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . De La Rosa grounded out to second . Fowler walked . Herrera tripled to deep right , Fowler scored . Helton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Herrera out at home . Tulowitzki flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Roberts flied out to center . Upton reached on bunt single to pitcher . Drew grounded out to second , Upton to second . Nady grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez reached on bunt single to third . Lopez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . Spilborghs struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Mora singled to center . Mora caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Parra struck out swinging . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Iannetta reached on infield single to second . Stewart hit for De La Rosa . Stewart struck out looking . Fowler popped out to shortstop . Herrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Lindstrom pitching for Rockies . Johnson hit for Vasquez . Johnson flied out to center . Young struck out swinging . Roberts walked . Roberts caught stealing second , catcher to second . Upton batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton singled to deep right . Helton to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Tulowitzki flied out to left . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Helton to third on wild pitch by Hernandez . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Helton out at home , Lopez to second , Gonzalez to second , Gonzalez to third advancing on throw . Spilborghs walked . Iannetta popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Paulino pitching for Rockies . Upton homered to right ( 379 feet ) . Drew grounded out to second . Nady grounded out to pitcher . Mora struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Smith hit for Paulino . Smith flied out to left . Fowler singled to right . Giambi hit for Herrera . Giambi struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 3 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Upton homers in 8th to lift D - backs by Rockies