Padres - Top 1st . Galarraga pitching for Diamondbacks . Denorfia grounded out to third . Bartlett singled to right center . Headley doubled to deep center , Bartlett to third . Hawpe walked . Maybin singled to left , Bartlett scored , Headley to third , Hawpe to second . Ludwick hit sacrifice fly to center , Headley scored . Phillips flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Young lined out to left . Mora lined out to center . Upton walked . Drew lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Galarraga pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez safe at first on error by second baseman Roberts . Richard struck out looking . Denorfia safe at second on error by shortstop Drew , Gonzalez to third . Bartlett doubled to deep left , Gonzalez and Denorfia scored . Headley singled to left center , Bartlett scored , Headley to second advancing on throw . Hawpe grounded out to second , Headley to third . Maybin grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Roberts singled to left . Nady grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Roberts out at second . Parra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Galarraga pitching for Diamondbacks . Ludwick singled to center . Phillips lined out to center . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ludwick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Blanco homered to left ( 383 feet ) . Galarraga grounded out to second . Young flied out to center . Mora grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Galarraga pitching for Diamondbacks . Richard flied out to right . Denorfia grounded out to second . Bartlett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Upton reached on infield single to third . Drew grounded out to first , Upton to second . Roberts struck out swinging . Nady grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Galarraga pitching for Diamondbacks . Headley walked . Hawpe singled to right , Headley to third . Maybin hit sacrifice fly to center , Headley scored . Ludwick homered to left ( 441 feet ) , Hawpe scored . Phillips flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Parra grounded out to shortstop . Blanco homered to left ( 376 feet ) . Miranda hit for Galarraga . Miranda hit by pitch . Miranda to second on balk by Richard . Young walked . Mora singled to right , Miranda scored , Young to third . Upton struck out swinging . Drew struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Richard struck out swinging . Denorfia flied out to center . Bartlett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Richard pitching for Padres . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Nady struck out swinging . Parra walked . Qualls pitching for Padres . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Parra out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Headley singled to right . Hawpe struck out swinging . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Headley out at second . Ludwick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Venable in center field . Branyan hit for Gutierrez . Qualls pitching for Padres . Branyan grounded out to first . Young grounded out to third . Mora grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Demel pitching for Diamondbacks . Phillips hit by pitch . Gonzalez flied out to center . Forsythe hit for Qualls . Forsythe walked , Phillips to second . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop , Phillips to third , Forsythe to second . Bartlett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Frieri pitching for Padres . Upton homered to left center ( 434 feet ) . Drew walked . Roberts struck out swinging . Drew stole second . Nady hit by pitch . Adams pitching for Padres . Parra struck out looking . Montero hit for Blanco . Montero flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Montero catching . Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Headley flied out to left . Hawpe grounded out to shortstop . Venable bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Johnson hit for Paterson . Adams pitching for Padres . Johnson struck out looking . Young doubled to left . Mora popped out to shortstop . Upton safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Headley , Young to third . Upton to second on fielder 's indifference . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Padres 8 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Ludwick 's HR , 3 RBIs push Padres past D - backs