Braves - Top 1st . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Prado singled to center . Heyward flied out to left . Jones singled to left center , Prado to second . McCann flied out to center . Uggla grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Teheran pitching for Braves . Roberts lined out to right . Johnson grounded out to first . Upton homered to left ( 434 feet ) . Drew walked . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Freeman grounded out to first . Gonzalez singled to center . McLouth grounded out to second , Gonzalez to second . Teheran grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Montero grounded out to first . Miranda walked . Parra singled to center , Miranda to second . Saunders sacrificed to catcher , Miranda to third , Parra to second . Roberts popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Prado grounded out to third . Heyward grounded out to pitcher . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Johnson grounded out to second . Upton grounded out to third . Drew doubled to deep right . Young popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . McCann flied out to right . Uggla lined out to center . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Montero flied out to center . Miranda singled to right . Parra flied out to center . Saunders singled to center , Miranda to second . Roberts singled to right , Miranda scored , Saunders to second . Johnson flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to left . McLouth walked , Gonzalez to second . Teheran bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at third , McLouth to second . Prado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Teheran out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Sherrill pitching for Braves . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Drew struck out swinging . Young safe at first on error by third baseman Jones . Young caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Montero batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 6th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Heyward singled to left center . Jones doubled to deep right , Heyward to third . McCann hit sacrifice fly to left , Heyward scored , Jones tagged out at third . Uggla walked . Freeman singled to left , Uggla thrown out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Sherrill pitching for Braves . Montero struck out swinging . Miranda grounded out to second . Parra singled to center . Nady hit for Saunders . Linebrink pitching for Braves . Nady grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Parra out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez walked . McLouth bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Gonzalez out at second . Conrad hit for Linebrink . Conrad doubled to deep right , McLouth scored , Conrad to third advancing on throw . Prado hit sacrifice fly to center , Conrad scored . Heyward struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Proctor pitching for Braves . Roberts walked . Johnson sacrificed to first , Roberts to second . Roberts scored on Proctor 's wild pitch . Upton flied out to left . Drew flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones struck out looking . McCann grounded out to second . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Young struck out swinging . Montero struck out looking . Miranda doubled to left . Parra grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Freeman struck out swinging . Gonzalez fouled out to third . McLouth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Venters pitching for Braves . Hinske at first base . Bloomquist hit for Hernandez . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Roberts walked . Johnson hit by pitch , Roberts to second . Upton flied out to left , Roberts to third , Johnson to second . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 10th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Hinske struck out swinging . Prado grounded out to pitcher . Heyward struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Venters pitching for Braves . Young grounded out to pitcher . Montero struck out swinging . Miranda grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 11th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Branyan at first base . Jones walked . Mather ran for Jones . McCann popped out to second . Uggla reached on infield single to second , Mather tagged out at third , Uggla to second advancing on throw . Hernandez hit for Venters . Hernandez singled to center , Uggla scored . Gonzalez singled to left , Hernandez to second . McLouth lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 11th . Prado at third base . Mather in left field . Kimbrel pitching for Braves . Parra grounded out to first . Branyan singled to right . Jo Wilson ran for Branyan . Roberts reached on infield single to second , Jo Wilson to second . Johnson singled to right , Jo Wilson scored , Roberts to third . Upton reached on infield single to second , Roberts scored , Johnson to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 4 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Roberts ' hustle helps D - backs sneak by Braves