Twins - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Span singled to center . Plouffe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Span out at second . Kubel grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Duensing pitching for Twins . Bloomquist singled to center . Roberts flied out to right . Bloomquist caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Upton walked . Drew grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Morneau popped out to third . Cuddyer homered to left ( 426 feet ) . Valencia grounded out to shortstop . Young singled to left . Rivera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Duensing pitching for Twins . Young struck out swinging . Montero struck out swinging . Nady popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Duensing grounded out to shortstop . Span flied out to left . Plouffe bunt popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Duensing pitching for Twins . Johnson flied out to center . Kennedy struck out looking . Bloomquist grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Kubel flied out to left . Morneau flied out to right . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Roberts grounded out to pitcher . Upton flied out to center . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Valencia grounded out to shortstop . Young popped out to second . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Young grounded out to shortstop . Montero grounded out to first . Nady doubled to deep left center . Johnson singled to left center , Nady scored . Kennedy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Duensing grounded out to pitcher . Span lined out to first . Plouffe homered to left center ( 429 feet ) . Kubel flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Bloomquist lined out to second . Roberts struck out swinging . Upton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Morneau singled to center . Cuddyer grounded out to third , Morneau to second . Valencia flied out to center . Young flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Drew homered to right center ( 402 feet ) . Young doubled to left . Montero singled to right , Young to third . Nady singled to left , Young scored , Montero to second . Perkins pitching for Twins . Johnson bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Montero out at third , Nady to second . Kennedy sacrificed to third , Nady to third , Johnson to second . Bloomquist intentionally walked . Roberts doubled to deep center , Nady , Johnson and Bloomquist scored . Burnett pitching for Twins . Upton flied out to right . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Revere hit for Rivera . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Revere singled to center . Hughes hit for Burnett . Hughes struck out swinging . Span grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Revere out at second . Plouffe walked , Span to second . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Kubel tripled to deep center , Span and Plouffe scored . Morneau struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Butera catching . Slowey pitching for Twins . Drew singled to center . Young sacrificed to pitcher , Drew to second . Montero singled to right , Drew scored , Montero to second advancing on throw . Nady flied out to center . Johnson doubled to deep right center , Montero scored . Burroughs hit for Heilman . Dumatrait pitching for Twins . Burroughs popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Valencia homered to left ( 427 feet ) . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Butera doubled to deep right center , Young scored . Tolbert hit for Dumatrait . Tolbert walked . Span walked , Butera to third , Tolbert to second . Plouffe walked , Butera scored , Tolbert to third , Span to second . Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Kubel struck out looking . Morneau grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 7 - Diamondbacks 8 .	D - backs hold off Twins for fourth straight win