Brewers - Top 1st . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Hart flied out to center . Morgan singled to left . Kotsay grounded out to pitcher , Morgan to second . Fielder singled to shallow left , Morgan tagged out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Bloomquist singled to right . Parra walked , Bloomquist to second . Upton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to third , Parra out at second , Bloomquist out at third , Upton to first . Young flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks grounded out to second . Kottaras struck out swinging . McGehee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Roberts flied out to left . Blum lined out to right . Nady flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Betancourt flied out to left . Wolf struck out swinging . Hart struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Blanco reached on infield single to second . Collmenter grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Blanco safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Wolf . Bloomquist reached on infield single to first , Blanco to third , Collmenter to second . Parra grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blanco scored , Bloomquist out at second , Collmenter to third . Upton grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 4th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Morgan flied out to center . Kotsay grounded out to pitcher . Fielder popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Young singled to center . Roberts singled to left , Young to second . Blum flied out to left . Nady flied out to left , Young to third . Young out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Blanco batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks flied out to right . Kottaras struck out swinging . McGehee grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Blanco flied out to right . Collmenter struck out looking . Bloomquist grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Betancourt reached on bunt single to third . Wolf bunt popped out foul to catcher . Hart flied out to right . Morgan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Parra struck out swinging . Upton flied out to center . Young doubled to deep left center . Roberts homered to left ( 405 feet ) , Young scored . Blum grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Kotsay flied out to right . Fielder grounded out to shortstop . Weeks struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Nady flied out to center . Blanco lined out to center . Collmenter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Kottaras grounded out to second . McGehee flied out to right . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Bloomquist fouled out to first . Parra reached on infield single to pitcher , Parra to second on throwing error by pitcher Wolf . Dillard pitching for Brewers . Upton flied out to center . Young walked . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Counsell hit for Dillard . Counsell popped out to shortstop . Hart flied out to right . Morgan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 0 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Collmenter lasts 8 as D - backs blank Brewers