Rockies - Top 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler walked . Ellis flied out to left . Gonzalez singled to right , Fowler to third . Tulowitzki popped out to second . Helton singled to left , Fowler scored , Gonzalez to second . Wigginton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Bloomquist grounded out to second . Parra lined out to second . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Kouzmanoff flied out to right . Iannetta singled to left . Cook lined out to right . Iannetta caught stealing second , catcher to second . Fowler batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Montero struck out swinging . Hill singled to center . Overbay struck out swinging . Cowgill grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler grounded out to third . Ellis grounded out to third . Gonzalez reached on bunt single to pitcher . Tulowitzki struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Burroughs singled to left . Miley struck out swinging . Bloomquist walked , Burroughs to second . Parra tripled to deep center , Burroughs and Bloomquist scored . Upton grounded out to second , Parra scored . Montero grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton singled to center . Wigginton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Helton out at second . Kouzmanoff singled to left , Wigginton to second . Iannetta singled to right , Wigginton scored , Kouzmanoff to third . Cook sacrificed to pitcher , Iannetta to second , Cook safe at first on error by pitcher Miley . Fowler flied out to left . Ellis flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Hill struck out swinging . Overbay struck out swinging . Cowgill singled to right . Burroughs singled to left , Cowgill to second . Miley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Tulowitzki fouled out to right . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Bloomquist hit by pitch . Parra singled to right , Bloomquist to second . Upton flied out to left , Bloomquist to third . Montero homered to right ( 384 feet ) , Bloomquist and Parra scored . Hill walked . Lindstrom pitching for Rockies . Overbay hit by pitch , Hill to second . Cowgill struck out swinging . Burroughs flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Wigginton grounded out to third . Kouzmanoff singled to left . Iannetta singled to right , Kouzmanoff to second . Young Jr. hit for Lindstrom . Young Jr. flied into double play , center to shortstop , Kouzmanoff doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Roberts hit for Miley . Roberts struck out looking . Bloomquist singled to left center . Parra hit ground rule double to deep right center , Bloomquist to third . Upton intentionally walked . Montero struck out looking . Hill reached on infield single to third , Bloomquist scored , Parra to third , Upton to second . Overbay flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler struck out looking . Ellis flied out to right . Gonzalez hit ground rule double to first . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Cowgill singled to left . Burroughs struck out swinging , Cowgill stole second . Owings struck out swinging . Bloomquist grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton hit ground rule double to deep left . Wigginton grounded out to second , Helton to third . Kouzmanoff singled to left , Helton scored . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Iannetta grounded out to pitcher , Kouzmanoff to second . Smith hit for Brothers . Smith struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Parra singled to right . Upton homered to center ( 449 feet ) , Parra scored . Montero struck out looking . Hill singled to center . Overbay struck out swinging . Cowgill popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler homered to left center ( 396 feet ) . Ellis struck out looking . Gonzalez lined out to center . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 4 - Diamondbacks 9 .	Red - hot D - backs rip Rockies , pad West lead