Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Harang pitching for Padres . Parra struck out swinging . Hill flied out to center . Upton singled to left . Montero walked , Upton to second . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Upton out at third , Montero to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Maybin flied out to center . Bartlett struck out swinging . Denorfia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Harang pitching for Padres . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Blum grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Young out at second . McDonald grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Guzman flied out to right . Hudson singled to right . Blanks singled to left , Hudson to second . Gonzalez flied out to left . Johnson walked , Hudson to third , Blanks to second . Harang flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Harang pitching for Padres . Saunders grounded out to first . Parra reached on infield single to first . Parra stole second . Hill singled to left center , Parra to third . Upton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hill out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Maybin singled to center . Maybin stole second , Maybin safe at third on throwing error by catcher Montero . Bartlett grounded out to second , Maybin scored . Denorfia grounded out to third . Guzman grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Harang pitching for Padres . Montero homered to center ( 405 feet ) . Goldschmidt walked . Goldschmidt stole second . Young walked . Blum flied out to center , Goldschmidt to third . McDonald popped out to second . Saunders grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Hudson struck out looking . Blanks struck out looking . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Harang pitching for Padres . Parra grounded out to second . Hill struck out swinging . Upton doubled to deep right . Montero flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson flied out to left . Harang grounded out to second . Maybin grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Harang pitching for Padres . Goldschmidt homered to right ( 424 feet ) . Young struck out looking . Blum grounded out to second . McDonald singled to center . Saunders flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Bartlett flied out to center . Denorfia singled to center . Guzman walked , Denorfia to second . Hudson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Guzman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Spence pitching for Padres . Parra walked . Brach pitching for Padres . Parra to second on passed ball by Johnson . Hill singled to left , Parra scored , Hill to third on error by left fielder Blanks . Upton struck out looking . Montero intentionally walked . Goldschmidt singled to left center , Hill scored , Montero to second . Frieri pitching for Padres . Young struck out swinging . Montero to third , Goldschmidt to second on passed ball by Johnson . Blum struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 7th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Blanks flied out to left . Gonzalez doubled to deep left . Johnson flied out to right . Cunningham hit for Frieri . Cunningham grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Carpenter pitching for Padres . McDonald singled to center . Saunders sacrificed to catcher , McDonald to second . Parra grounded out to second , McDonald to third . Hill flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . Bartlett flied out to right . Denorfia popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Hamren pitching for Padres . Upton hit by pitch . Montero lined out to second . Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to right , Upton scored . Young singled to left . Blum flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 9th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Guzman grounded out to third . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Blanks singled to left . Gonzalez singled to left , Blanks to second , Blanks to third , Gonzalez to second on error by left fielder Parra . Hundley hit for Johnson . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Padres 1 .	D - backs win ; move closer to NL West crown \n\n