Giants - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Christian doubled to deep center . Fontenot grounded out to shortstop , Christian to third . Beltran walked . Sandoval singled to left , Christian scored , Beltran to second . Pill flied out to right , Beltran to third . Belt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Surkamp pitching for Giants . Bloomquist grounded out to second . Hill walked . Hill to second on passed ball by Sanchez . Young walked . Hill stole third , Young stole second . Goldschmidt walked . Roberts singled to left center , Hill and Young scored , Goldschmidt to second , Goldschmidt to third , Roberts to second on error by left fielder Belt . Parra singled to center , Goldschmidt and Roberts scored , Parra out stretching at second . Cowgill doubled to deep center . Cowgill stole third . Blanco walked . Mota pitching for Giants . Kennedy doubled to deep center , Cowgill and Blanco scored . Bloomquist flied out to center . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez grounded out to second . Crawford reached on infield single to third . Mota grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Mota pitching for Giants . Hill lined out to third . Young struck out looking . Goldschmidt walked . Roberts walked , Goldschmidt to second . Parra grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Christian grounded out to third . Fontenot lined out to right . Beltran grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Mota pitching for Giants . Cowgill fouled out to first . Blanco struck out swinging . Kennedy singled to left . Bloomquist singled to center , Kennedy to second . Hill flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Sandoval grounded out to second . Pill popped out to second . Belt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Mota pitching for Giants . Young grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Roberts lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez struck out swinging . Crawford walked . Gillaspie hit for Mota . Gillaspie flied out to right . Christian struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Zito pitching for Giants . Parra walked . Cowgill singled to center , Parra to second . Blanco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cowgill out at second , Parra to third . Kennedy walked . Bloomquist grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Fontenot singled to center . Beltran flied out to right . Sandoval doubled to deep left center , Fontenot scored . Pill flied out to center . Belt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Zito pitching for Giants . Hill singled to left . Young walked , Hill to second . Joaquin pitching for Giants . Hill to third , Young to second on wild pitch by Joaquin . Goldschmidt walked . Roberts singled to left , Hill scored , Young to third , Goldschmidt to second . Parra hit sacrifice fly to left , Young scored . Goldschmidt to third , Roberts to second on wild pitch by Joaquin . Cowgill grounded out to second , Goldschmidt scored , Roberts to third . Blanco tripled to deep right center , Roberts scored . Burroughs hit for Kennedy . Burroughs singled to left , Blanco scored . Bloomquist flied out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Cook pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez singled to right center . Crawford popped out to shortstop . Burriss hit for Joaquin . Burriss popped out to third . Christian fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Edlefsen pitching for Giants . Fontenot at third base . Torres in right field . Ford in center field . Burriss at second base . Hill singled to center . Blum hit for Young . Blum doubled to deep right , Hill scored . Overbay hit for Goldschmidt . Overbay walked . Roberts lined out to shortstop . Parra doubled to deep right , Blum scored , Overbay to third . Cowgill grounded out to shortstop , Overbay scored . Blanco walked . Gillespie hit for Cook . Gillespie grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Blanco out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Duke pitching for Diamondbacks . Blum at third base . Overbay at first base . Roberts at second base . Cowgill in center field . Gillespie in left field . Fontenot grounded out to first . Torres doubled to deep right . Ford singled to left , Torres to third . Pill grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ford out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Edlefsen pitching for Giants . Bloomquist flied out to left . Hammock hit for Duke . Hammock grounded out to shortstop . Blum walked . Overbay doubled to deep left , Blum scored . Runzler pitching for Giants . Roberts struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Castillo pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt doubled to deep right center . Sanchez lined out to first . Crawford grounded out to second , Belt to third . Burriss grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 2 - Diamondbacks 15 .	Kennedy wins No . 21 as D - backs oust Giants