Nationals - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Taylor struck out swinging. Escobar reached on infield single to second. Harper flied out to center, Escobar to second. Werth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Betts walked. Pedroia flied out to center. Betts stole second. Betts stole third. Ortiz singled to left, Betts scored. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ortiz out at second. Sandoval singled to right, Ramírez to third. Napoli fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Zimmerman grounded out to second. Robinson struck out looking. Desmond grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Victorino grounded out to third. Bogaerts safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Desmond. León singled to center, Bogaerts to second. Betts homered to left (397 feet), Bogaerts and León scored. Pedroia singled to left center. Ortiz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pedroia out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Lobatón grounded out to second. Espinosa flied out to left. Taylor flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Ramírez hit by pitch. Sandoval hit by pitch, Ramírez to second. Napoli singled to deep center, Ramírez to third, Sandoval to second. Victorino popped out to second. Bogaerts singled to right, Ramírez scored, Sandoval to third, Napoli to second. León singled to right center, Sandoval scored, Napoli to third, Bogaerts to second. Betts reached on infield single to shortstop, Napoli scored, Bogaerts to third, León to second. Roark pitching for Nationals. Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to center, Bogaerts scored. Ortiz flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Escobar safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Bogaerts. Harper struck out swinging. Werth grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Ramírez fouled out to pitcher. Sandoval grounded out to second. Napoli grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Zimmerman homered to center (425 feet). Robinson tripled to deep center. Desmond lined out to second. Lobatón walked. Espinosa grounded out to first, Robinson scored, Lobatón to second. Taylor fouled out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Victorino flied out to left. Bogaerts reached on infield single to shortstop. León singled to right, Bogaerts to third. Betts lined out to center. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, León out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Escobar flied out to center. Harper grounded out to second. Werth grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Ortiz homered to center (431 feet). Ramírez walked. Sandoval singled to center, Ramírez to second. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sandoval out at second, Ramírez to third. Victorino grounded into double play, third to second to first, Napoli out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Zimmerman safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval. Robinson grounded out to second, Zimmerman to third. Desmond grounded out to shortstop, Zimmerman scored. Lobatón struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Johnson in left field. Barrett pitching for Nationals. Bogaerts walked. León grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Bogaerts out at second. Betts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Espinosa homered to right center (388 feet). Taylor grounded out to third. Escobar flied out to center. Harper struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Cedeño pitching for Nationals. Pedroia walked. Craig hit for Ortiz. Craig grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pedroia out at second. Craig to second on wild pitch by Cedeño. Craig to third on wild pitch by Cedeño. Ramírez walked. Nava ran for Ramírez. Sandoval lined out to second. Napoli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Johnson struck out swinging. Zimmerman walked. Robinson struck out swinging. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 4 - Red Sox 9.	Betts, Ortiz homer as Red Sox win home opener 9-4 over Nats