Nationals - Top 1st. Wood pitching for Braves. Span flied out to center. Desmond struck out looking. Werth struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Markakis singled to left. Simmons popped out to shortstop. Freeman doubled to right, Markakis to third. Pierzynski singled to center, Markakis and Freeman scored. Johnson lined into double play, center to first, Pierzynski doubled off first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Wood pitching for Braves. Harper singled to right. Zimmerman flied out to center, Harper to second. Ramos singled to center, Harper scored. Espinosa struck out swinging. Ramos to second on wild pitch by Wood. Uggla struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Johnson struck out swinging. Peterson lined out to left. Young Jr. struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Wood pitching for Braves. Zimmermann grounded out to second. Span grounded out to second. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Wood struck out swinging. Markakis singled to center. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Markakis out at second, Simmons to second on throwing error by second baseman Uggla. Freeman singled to left, Simmons scored. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 4th. Wood pitching for Braves. Werth grounded out to second. Harper doubled to deep right. Zimmerman singled to left, Harper scored on error by left fielder Johnson. Ramos struck out looking. Espinosa singled to left, Zimmerman to second. Uggla walked, Zimmerman to third, Espinosa to second. Zimmermann singled to deep center, Zimmerman, Espinosa and Uggla scored, Zimmermann to second advancing on throw. Span struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Johnson grounded out to second. Johnson struck out swinging. Peterson reached on infield single to shortstop. Peterson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Young Jr. batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Wood pitching for Braves. Desmond flied out to center. Werth struck out looking. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Young Jr. walked. Gosselin hit for Wood. Gosselin singled to right, Young Jr. to third. Markakis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Young Jr. scored, Gosselin out at second. Simmons lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Cahill pitching for Braves. Zimmerman grounded out to first. Ramos singled to center. Espinosa singled to right, Ramos to third. Uggla grounded out to second, Ramos scored, Espinosa to second. Zimmermann lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Freeman popped out to third. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Cahill pitching for Braves. Span doubled to deep right center. Span to third on wild pitch by Cahill. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Werth singled to left center, Span scored. Harper walked, Werth to second. Zimmerman flied out to right. Ramos reached on infield single to second, Werth to third, Harper to second. Espinosa singled to center, Werth and Harper scored, Ramos to second. Uggla grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Espinosa out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Johnson singled to center. Peterson struck out swinging. Young Jr. struck out swinging. Callaspo hit for Cahill. Callaspo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Kohn pitching for Braves. Moore hit for Zimmermann. Moore struck out swinging. Span grounded out to second. Desmond walked. Werth walked, Desmond to second. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Grace pitching for Nationals. Markakis struck out looking. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Freeman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Cornely pitching for Braves. Zimmerman flied out to center. Ramos walked. Espinosa singled to right, Ramos to second. Uggla singled to left, Ramos scored, Espinosa to second. Robinson hit for Grace. Robinson fouled out to left. Span homered to right (383 feet), Espinosa and Uggla scored. Desmond struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Barrett pitching for Nationals. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Johnson grounded out to second. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 13 - Braves 4.	Zimmermann does it all to help Nationals win 2nd straight