Braves - Top 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Markakis struck out swinging. Simmons struck out looking. Freeman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Braves. Escobar singled to center. Desmond sacrificed to first, Escobar to second. Werth struck out swinging. Harper doubled to deep center, Escobar scored. Zimmerman doubled to deep center, Harper scored. Ramos singled to right, Zimmerman scored, Ramos to second advancing on throw. Espinosa struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Johnson grounded out to catcher. Callaspo walked. Peterson singled to left, Callaspo to second. Bethancourt lined out to left. Maybin singled to center, Callaspo scored, Peterson to third. Wood singled to center, Peterson scored, Maybin to second. Markakis grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Braves. Taylor struck out swinging. Zimmermann grounded out to shortstop. Escobar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Simmons grounded out to pitcher. Freeman walked. Johnson singled to right, Freeman to second. Callaspo grounded into fielder's choice to first, Johnson out at second, Freeman to third. Peterson singled to right center, Freeman scored, Callaspo to third. Bethancourt popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Braves. Desmond struck out looking. Werth struck out looking. Harper lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Uggla at second base. Espinosa at third base. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Maybin grounded out to second. Wood singled to left. Markakis lined out to left. Simmons flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Braves. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Ramos struck out looking. Espinosa reached on infield single to second. Taylor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Freeman doubled to deep right. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Callaspo lined out to right, Freeman to third. Peterson lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Braves. Zimmermann flied out to right. Uggla walked. Desmond reached on infield single to pitcher, Uggla to second. Werth flied out to left. Uggla picked off second. Harper batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Bethancourt fouled out to catcher. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. Wood singled to center. Markakis walked, Wood to second. Simmons grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Braves. Harper singled to deep right. Zimmerman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Harper out at second. Ramos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Grace pitching for Nationals. Freeman singled to left center. Gomes hit for Johnson. Gomes singled to deep right, Freeman to third. Callaspo singled to shallow right, Freeman scored, Gomes to second. Peterson lined into double play, second to shortstop, Gomes doubled off second. Bethancourt grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Gomes in left field. Wood pitching for Braves. Espinosa grounded out to third. Taylor singled to left. Robinson hit for Grace. Robinson popped out to shortstop. Cunniff pitching for Braves. Uggla popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Solis pitching for Nationals. Maybin grounded out to pitcher. Gosselin hit for Cunniff. Gosselin grounded out to shortstop. Markakis singled to left. Simmons popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Martin pitching for Braves. Desmond singled to right. Werth walked, Desmond to second. Harper popped out to shortstop. Zimmerman singled to center, Desmond scored, Werth out at third. Ramos doubled to deep right, Zimmerman scored, Ramos thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Freeman lined out to center. Gomes struck out looking. Callaspo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 4 - Nationals 5.	Harper doubles and singles, Nationals beat Braves for sweep