Nationals - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Span singled to left center. Escobar grounded into double play, pitcher to second to shortstop to first, Span out at second. Werth grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Inciarte grounded out to first. Trumbo lined out to center. Goldschmidt walked. Peralta singled to left, Goldschmidt to second. Hill doubled to deep right center, Goldschmidt and Peralta scored. Owings lined out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Harper fouled out to left. Zimmerman doubled to center. Ramos struck out looking. Desmond grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Gosewisch popped out to shortstop. Ahmed struck out swinging. De La Rosa grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Espinosa walked. Strasburg sacrificed to pitcher, Espinosa to second. Span doubled to deep left center, Espinosa scored. Escobar grounded out to second, Span to third. Werth flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Inciarte homered to right (385 feet). Trumbo struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Peralta singled to left. Hill grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Harper doubled to deep right center. Zimmerman singled to center, Harper to third. Ramos grounded into double play, second to first, Harper scored, Zimmerman out at second. Desmond grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Owings tripled to deep center. Gosewisch singled to left, Owings scored. Ahmed singled to shallow left, Gosewisch to second. De La Rosa sacrificed to pitcher, Gosewisch to third, Ahmed to second, De La Rosa safe at first on error by pitcher Strasburg. Gosewisch to third on error by pitcher Strasburg. Inciarte hit sacrifice fly to center, Gosewisch scored, Ahmed to third. Trumbo homered to left (441 feet), Ahmed and De La Rosa scored. Solis pitching for Nationals. Goldschmidt fouled out to first. Peralta grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Espinosa grounded out to shortstop. Solis singled to center. Span lined out to center. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Solís pitching for Nationals. Hill singled to center. Owings doubled to left, Hill to third. Gosewisch struck out swinging. Ahmed intentionally walked. De La Rosa singled to right, Hill scored, Owings to third, Ahmed to second. Inciarte hit sacrifice fly to left, Owings scored, Ahmed to third, De La Rosa to second. Ahmed out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Trumbo batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Werth singled to center. Harper homered to right (396 feet), Werth scored. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Ramos grounded out to second. Desmond struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Solís pitching for Nationals. Trumbo homered to left center (421 feet). Goldschmidt walked. Peralta flied out to center. Grace pitching for Nationals. Espinosa at shortstop. Uggla at second base. Hill singled to left, Goldschmidt to second. Owings singled to center, Goldschmidt to third, Hill to second. Goldschmidt scored, Hill to third, Owings to second on wild pitch by Grace. Gosewisch hit sacrifice fly to left, Hill scored. Ahmed singled to center, Owings scored. De La Rosa struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Espinosa grounded out to second. Uggla struck out swinging. Span walked. Escobar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Barrett pitching for Nationals. Inciarte lined out to center. Trumbo lined out to right. Goldschmidt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Werth grounded out to shortstop. Harper walked. Zimmerman grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Robinson pitching for Nationals. Peralta singled to center. Hill struck out swinging. Owings flied out to center. Gosewisch grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramos singled to right center. Taylor hit for Robinson. Taylor flied out to right. Espinosa singled to left, Ramos to second. Uggla doubled to deep right, Ramos scored, Espinosa to third. Moore hit for Span. Moore grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Espinosa scored, Uggla out at third. Escobar singled to right, Moore to second. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Werth grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 6 - Diamondbacks 14.	Trumbo hits 2 HRs, D-backs rip Strasburg and rout Nats 14-6