Blue Jays - Top 1st. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Reyes walked. Donaldson doubled to deep center, Reyes to third. Bautista singled to left center, Reyes scored, Donaldson to third. Colabello singled to right, Donaldson scored, Bautista to second. Navarro grounded out to second, Bautista to third, Colabello to second. Smoak grounded out to first, Bautista scored, Colabello to third. Pillar singled to left, Colabello scored. Goins grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Span grounded out to pitcher. Desmond singled to center. Escobar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Desmond out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Buehrle singled to center. Reyes flied out to right. Donaldson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Buehrle out at second. Bautista flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Harper grounded out to first. Zimmerman safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes. Ramos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zimmerman out at second. Moore grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramos out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Colabello struck out swinging. Navarro struck out swinging. Smoak struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Espinosa grounded out to shortstop. Jordan singled to right. Span grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jordan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Pillar singled to left. Goins grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pillar out at second. Buehrle sacrificed to pitcher, Goins to second. Reyes singled to right, Goins scored. Donaldson lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Escobar singled to center. Harper singled to left center, Escobar to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Ramos grounded into fielder's choice to third, Escobar out at third, Harper to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Bautista grounded out to third. Colabello grounded out to shortstop. Navarro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Moore lined out to third. Espinosa walked. Jordan struck out swinging. Span grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Smoak doubled to deep right. Pillar grounded out to second, Smoak to third. Goins doubled to shallow left, Smoak scored. Buehrle grounded out to first, Goins to third. Reyes singled to right center, Goins scored. Donaldson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Desmond lined out to center. Escobar grounded out to third. Harper doubled to deep right. Zimmerman lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Hill pitching for Nationals. Moore at first base. Taylor in left field. Bautista struck out swinging. Colabello grounded out to third. Navarro reached on infield single to second. Smoak lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Moore flied out to center. Espinosa flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Hill pitching for Nationals. Pillar lined out to pitcher. Goins grounded out to shortstop. Buehrle struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Carrera in left field. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Taylor grounded out to third. Span grounded out to second. Desmond grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Hill pitching for Nationals. Reyes reached on infield single to first. Donaldson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reyes out at second. Bautista homered to left center (400 feet). Carrera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Escobar singled to left center. Harper grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. Difo hit for Hill. Difo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 8 - Nationals 0.	Buehrle dominates Nationals; Blue Jays win 8-0