Nationals - Top 1st. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Escobar grounded out to second. Rendon flied out to center. Harper grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Gardner flied out to left. Headley flied out to center. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Robinson struck out swinging. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Teixeira flied out to center. McCann doubled to left center. Beltrán struck out swinging. Gregorius flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Desmond struck out swinging. Espinosa struck out swinging. Taylor flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Drew homered to right (375 feet). Flores flied out to center. Gardner walked. Headley struck out swinging. Rodriguez lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Escobar singled to center. Rendon grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Escobar out at second. Harper homered to center (421 feet). Zimmerman grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Teixeira struck out swinging. McCann struck out swinging. Beltrán singled to right. Gregorius grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltrán out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Robinson struck out looking. Ramos grounded out to second. Desmond lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Drew flied out to left. Flores singled to left. Gardner struck out swinging. Headley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Espinosa grounded out to first. Taylor flied out to right. Escobar doubled to deep left. Rendon grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Teixeira doubled to deep right. McCann singled to left center, Teixeira to third. Beltrán grounded into fielder's choice to center, McCann out at second. Gregorius struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Harper struck out bunting foul. Zimmerman struck out looking. Robinson singled to center. Ramos singled to right, Robinson to second. Desmond flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Drew grounded out to second. Flores singled to right. Gardner singled to left, Flores to second. Headley lined out to right. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Flores scored, Gardner safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Desmond, Rodriguez safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Desmond. Thornton pitching for Nationals. Teixeira intentionally walked. McCann singled to right, Gardner and Rodriguez scored, Teixeira to third. Beltrán singled to left, Teixeira scored, McCann to second. Gregorius lined out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 8th. Young in right field. Betances pitching for Yankees. Espinosa lined out to left. Taylor flied out to right. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Hill pitching for Nationals. Drew homered to right (385 feet). Flores singled to right. Gardner grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Flores out at second. Headley singled to left. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Headley out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Shreve pitching for Yankees. Rendon flied out to center. Harper doubled to left center. Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher. Robinson walked. Miller pitching for Yankees. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 1 - Yankees 6.	Tanaka bests Scherzer as Yanks win 7th in row