Nationals - Top 1st. Colome pitching for Rays. Span singled to left. Rendon lined out to left. Escobar struck out swinging. Harper doubled to deep right center, Span to third. Ramos grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Roark pitching for Nationals. Kiermaier lined out to center. Butler grounded out to first. Longoria singled to center. DeJesus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Colome pitching for Rays. Robinson homered to right (409 feet). Espinosa reached on bunt single to second. Taylor reached on bunt single to pitcher, Espinosa to second. Desmond struck out swinging. Span walked, Espinosa to third, Taylor to second. Rendon walked, Espinosa scored, Taylor to third, Span to second. Escobar singled to left, Taylor and Span scored, Rendon to second. Harper walked, Rendon to third, Escobar to second. Ramos hit sacrifice fly to right, Rendon scored, Escobar to third. Robinson doubled to deep right center, Escobar scored, Harper thrown out at home. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Forsythe singled to center. Souza Jr. grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Forsythe out at second. Cabrera walked, Souza Jr. to second. Elmore struck out swinging. Rivera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Riefenhauser pitching for Rays. Espinosa reached on infield single to second. Taylor grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Espinosa out at second. Desmond grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Taylor out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Kiermaier grounded out to shortstop. Butler grounded out to pitcher. Longoria singled to right. DeJesus grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Riefenhauser pitching for Rays. Span lined out to third. Rendon flied out to center. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. Souza Jr. struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Riefenhauser pitching for Rays. Harper homered to right center (445 feet). Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Robinson walked. Romero pitching for Rays. Espinosa singled to center, Robinson to second. Taylor singled to deep right center, Robinson scored, Espinosa to third. Desmond singled to right, Espinosa scored, Taylor to third. Span safe at second on error by left fielder DeJesus, Taylor scored, Desmond to third. Rendon flied out to right, Desmond out at home. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Bottom 5th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Elmore grounded out to third. Rivera doubled to deep center. Kiermaier singled to center, Rivera to third. Butler grounded out to second, Rivera scored, Kiermaier to second. Franklin hit for Longoria. Franklin lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Franklin at first base. Elmore at third base. Romero pitching for Rays. Escobar struck out swinging. Harper reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramos grounded into double play, third to second to first, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Roark pitching for Nationals. DeJesus flied out to right. Forsythe singled to left. Souza Jr. grounded into fielder's choice to second, Forsythe out at second. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Romero pitching for Rays. Robinson singled to right. Espinosa singled to right, Robinson to second. Taylor flied out to center. Desmond walked, Robinson to third, Espinosa to second. Gomes pitching for Rays. Span singled to left, Robinson scored, Espinosa to third, Desmond to second. den Dekker ran for Span. Rendon singled to left, Espinosa scored, Desmond to third, den Dekker to second. Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center, Desmond scored, den Dekker to third. Moore hit for Harper. Moore flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. den Dekker in left field. Moore at first base. Robinson in right field. Taylor in center field. Roark pitching for Nationals. Elmore lined out to second. Rivera grounded out to first. Kiermaier grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Casali catching. Franklin at second base. Forsythe at third base. Elmore pitching for Rays. Rivera at first base. Ramos homered to center (435 feet). Robinson flied out to left. Espinosa singled to center. Taylor fouled out to catcher. Desmond reached on infield single to first, Espinosa to second. den Dekker grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Rivero pitching for Nationals. Casali struck out swinging. Franklin struck out swinging. Guyer hit for DeJesus. Guyer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Franklin pitching for Rays. Guyer in left field. Forsythe at second base. Elmore at third base. Rendon doubled to left. Ross hit for Escobar. Ross popped out to third. Moore flied out to left. Ramos homered to left center (389 feet), Rendon scored. Robinson singled to right center. Espinosa hit by pitch, Robinson to second. Taylor flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 9th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Forsythe grounded out to third. Souza Jr. struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to center. Elmore walked, Cabrera to second. Rivera homered to left center (380 feet), Cabrera and Elmore scored. Thornton pitching for Nationals. Kiermaier flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 16 - Rays 4.	Ramos homers twice off position players, Nats rout Rays