Nationals - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Taylor struck out swinging. Escobar singled to right. Harper struck out swinging. Robinson doubled to deep right, Escobar thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Machado singled to left. Parmelee doubled to deep center, Machado to third. Jones popped out to shortstop. Paredes grounded out to second, Machado scored, Parmelee to third. Snider struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Ramos walked. Espinosa reached on bunt single to pitcher, Ramos to second. Moore singled to left, Ramos to third, Espinosa to second. Desmond grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramos scored, Moore out at second, Espinosa to third. den Dekker walked. Taylor singled to center, Espinosa scored, den Dekker to second. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Taylor out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Pearce flied out to right. Hardy singled to right. Flaherty struck out looking. Joseph homered to center (400 feet), Hardy scored. Machado struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Harper grounded out to second. Robinson grounded out to first. Ramos lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Parmelee singled to shallow left. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Parmelee out at second. Paredes singled to center. Snider lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Espinosa flied out to center. Moore popped out to first. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Pearce homered to left (379 feet). Hardy popped out to shortstop. Flaherty struck out looking. Joseph singled to right. Machado flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. den Dekker flied out to center. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Parmelee flied out to center. Jones grounded out to third. Paredes singled to left center. Snider popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Harper homered to right center (411 feet). Robinson singled to left. Ramos singled to center, Robinson to second. Espinosa homered to right (359 feet), Robinson and Ramos scored. Roe pitching for Orioles. Moore struck out looking. Desmond flied out to right. den Dekker tripled to right. Taylor grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Pearce grounded out to shortstop. Hardy walked. Flaherty grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hardy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Roe pitching for Orioles. Escobar grounded out to third. Harper struck out swinging. Robinson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Joseph walked. Machado walked, Joseph to second. Parmelee bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Joseph out at third, Machado to second. Jones grounded out to first, Machado to third, Parmelee to second. Rivero pitching for Nationals. Paredes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Ramos lined out to right. Espinosa struck out swinging. Moore grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Reimold hit for Snider. Janssen pitching for Nationals. Reimold struck out swinging. Pearce struck out looking. Hardy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Reimold in left field. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Desmond walked. Desmond stole second. den Dekker sacrificed to third, Desmond to third. Taylor singled to right, Desmond scored. Escobar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Taylor out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Flaherty flied out to right. Wieters hit for Joseph. Wieters singled to center. Machado walked, Wieters to second. Parmelee flied out to right. Jones popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 7 - Orioles 4.	Harper, Espinosa HRs carry Nationals over Orioles 7-4