Marlins - Top 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Gordon reached on bunt single to third. Suzuki doubled to deep right, Gordon to third. Prado popped out to first. Bour homered to center (416 feet), Gordon and Suzuki scored. Dietrich struck out swinging. Ozuna fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Hand pitching for Marlins. Werth lined out to left. Rendon struck out swinging. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Hechavarría reached on bunt single to second. Mathis struck out swinging. Hand sacrificed to pitcher, Hechavarría to second. Gordon lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Hand pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman lined out to second. Desmond walked. Ramos struck out swinging. Espinosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Suzuki grounded out to second. Prado grounded out to second. Bour struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Hand pitching for Marlins. Taylor singled to right. Strasburg sacrificed to catcher, Taylor to second. Werth homered to left center (398 feet), Taylor scored. Rendon singled to left. Harper struck out swinging. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rendon out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Dietrich homered to right (418 feet). Ozuna flied out to center. Hechavarría singled to right center. Mathis fouled out to first. Hand singled to left, Hechavarría to second. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hechavarría out at third, Hand to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Hand pitching for Marlins. Desmond walked. Ramos grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Desmond out at second. Espinosa grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Fister pitching for Nationals. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Prado walked. Bour grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Prado out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Hand pitching for Marlins. Taylor singled to right center. Fister sacrificed to first, Taylor to second. Werth doubled to left, Taylor scored. Rendon grounded out to shortstop. Harper singled to left, Werth scored. Zimmerman singled to right center, Harper to third. Desmond singled to center, Harper scored, Zimmerman to second. Cordier pitching for Marlins. Ramos grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Fister pitching for Nationals. Dietrich doubled to deep center. Ozuna popped out to second. Hechavarría grounded out to third. Mathis lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Cordier pitching for Marlins. Espinosa doubled to right. Taylor flied out to right. Robinson hit for Fister. Robinson homered to right (420 feet), Espinosa scored. Werth popped out to second. Rendon singled to right center. Harper grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Rivero pitching for Nationals. Rojas hit for Cordier. Rojas grounded out to second. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Desmond walked. Ramos singled to right center, Desmond to third. Espinosa grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ramos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Prado struck out looking. Bour grounded out to second. Dietrich lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Taylor lined out to second. den Dekker hit for Storen. den Dekker doubled to deep left. Werth walked. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. den Dekker out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Rendon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Nationals. den Dekker in left field. Ozuna struck out swinging. Hechavarría doubled to deep right. Realmuto hit for Mathis. Realmuto fouled out to shortstop. Yelich hit for Barraclough. Yelich singled to right, Hechavarría to third. Nicolino ran for Yelich. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nicolino out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Nationals 7.	Werth homers, drives in 3 as Nationals beat Marlins 7-4