Nationals - Top 1st. Asher pitching for Phillies. Rendon struck out looking. Escobar lined out to shortstop. Harper grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Galvis struck out swinging. Blanco grounded out to third. Altherr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Asher pitching for Phillies. Werth walked. Robinson reached on infield single to second, Werth to second. Desmond safe at first on error by first baseman Ruf, Werth to third, Robinson to second. Lobatón hit sacrifice fly to right, Werth scored, Robinson to third. Desmond caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Taylor struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Francoeur struck out swinging. Ruf walked. Sweeney grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ruf out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Asher pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez fouled out to third. Rendon grounded out to third. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. Rupp singled to center. Asher struck out swinging. Galvis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Asher pitching for Phillies. Harper struck out swinging. Werth homered to left (376 feet). Robinson flied out to right. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Blanco reached on infield single to second. Altherr struck out swinging. Francoeur struck out swinging. Ruf homered to left (407 feet), Blanco scored. Sweeney flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Asher pitching for Phillies. Lobatón singled to left. Taylor singled to left, Lobatón to second. Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher, Lobatón to third, Taylor to second. Rendon singled to center, Lobatón scored, Taylor out at home, Rendon to second advancing on throw. Escobar doubled to deep right center, Rendon scored. Harper singled to right center, Escobar thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. Rupp singled to center. Kratz hit for Asher. Kratz singled to right, Rupp to second. Galvis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kratz out at second, Rupp to third. Blanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Neris pitching for Phillies. Werth homered to center (439 feet). Robinson doubled to deep left center. Desmond doubled to deep right center, Robinson scored. Lobatón walked. Taylor grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lobatón out at second, Desmond to third. Gonzalez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Altherr grounded out to third. Francoeur struck out swinging. Ruf walked. Sweeney lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Rendon hit by pitch. Escobar struck out swinging. Harper homered to right center (389 feet), Rendon scored. Werth lined out to right. Robinson flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. Rupp grounded out to pitcher. Bogusevic hit for De Fratus. Bogusevic struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Ogando pitching for Phillies. Desmond walked. Lobatón struck out swinging. Taylor grounded into fielder's choice to third, Desmond out at second. Uggla hit for Gonzalez. Uggla walked, Taylor to second. Rendon singled to right, Taylor scored, Uggla to third. Escobar singled to right, Uggla scored, Rendon to second, Rendon scored, Escobar to second on error by right fielder Francoeur. Turner ran for Escobar. Harper flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Rendon at third base. Turner at second base. Rivero pitching for Nationals. Galvis grounded out to third. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. Altherr struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Roberts pitching for Phillies. Werth singled to right. Moore ran for Werth. Robinson singled to right, Moore to second. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to third, Robinson out at second, Moore to third. Difo ran for Desmond. Lobatón singled to right, Moore scored, Difo to second. Taylor grounded into double play, third to first, Difo out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Turner at shortstop. den Dekker in right field. Moore in left field. Difo at second base. Martin pitching for Nationals. Francoeur flied out to center. Ruf grounded out to shortstop. Sweeney lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 12 - Phillies 2.	Werth, Harper power Nationals to sweep of Phillies