Phillies - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Victorino singled to center . Polanco singled to shallow left , Victorino to second . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Polanco out at second , Victorino to third . Rollins stole second . Howard hit sacrifice fly to left , Victorino scored . Francisco singled to left , Rollins scored . Francisco stole second . Ibanez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Lee pitching for Phillies . Prado flied out to center . McLouth singled to right . Jones grounded out to third , McLouth to second . McCann walked . Uggla fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Ruiz singled to right . Valdez grounded out to third , Ruiz to second . Lee safe at first on error by shortstop Gonzalez , Ruiz to third . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ruiz scored , Lee out at second . Victorino stole second . Polanco struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Lee pitching for Phillies . Heyward tripled to deep left . Gonzalez doubled to left , Heyward scored . Freeman singled to right , Gonzalez to third . Hudson struck out looking . Prado hit ground rule double to deep center , Gonzalez scored , Freeman to third . McLouth grounded out to second , Freeman scored , Prado to third . Jones grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Rollins grounded out to second . Howard grounded out to second . Francisco popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Lee pitching for Phillies . McCann singled to right . Uggla grounded out to third , McCann to second . Heyward struck out looking . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Ibanez grounded out to second . Ruiz singled to center . Valdez grounded into double play , second to first , Ruiz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Lee pitching for Phillies . Freeman hit by pitch . Hudson struck out bunting foul . Prado singled to center , Freeman to second . McLouth singled to left , Freeman to third , Prado to second . Jones doubled to deep center , Freeman , Prado and McLouth scored . McCann singled to center , Jones to third . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Uggla flied out to center . Heyward walked , McCann to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCann out at third , Heyward to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Kendrick singled to center . Victorino singled to left , Kendrick to second . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Victorino out at second , Kendrick to third . Rollins safe at first on error by pitcher Hudson , Polanco to second . Howard grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Kendrick out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 5th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Freeman grounded out to first . Hudson grounded out to first . Prado singled to center . McLouth grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Francisco hit by pitch . Ibanez struck out swinging . Ruiz grounded out to third , Francisco to second . Valdez lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Orr at second base . Jones singled to left . McCann struck out swinging . Uggla struck out swinging . Heyward struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Orr grounded out to second . Victorino flied out to left . Polanco lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Freeman struck out swinging . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Rollins grounded out to second . Howard popped out to shortstop . Francisco doubled to deep right center . Venters pitching for Braves . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Romero pitching for Phillies . Prado grounded out to shortstop . McLouth struck out swinging . Jones walked . McCann struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Braves . Ruiz flied out to center . Gload hit for Romero . Gload flied out to left . Orr struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 3 - Braves 6 .	Braves blast Lee ; Chipper reaches milestone