Pirates - Top 1st. Berrios pitching for Twins. Frazier grounded out to second. Evans struck out swinging. Bell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Kepler walked. Polanco flied out to left. Cruz singled to center, Kepler to second, Kepler safe at third on fielding error by center fielder Dyson. Rosario reached on infield single to shortstop, Kepler scored, Cruz to second. Sanó doubled to left, Cruz scored, Rosario to third. Arraez hit sacrifice fly to center, Rosario scored, Sanó to third. Gonzalez lined out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 2nd. Berrios pitching for Twins. Moran walked. Reynolds struck out swinging. Moran to second on wild pitch by Berríos. Polanco walked. González singled to center, Polanco to second, Moran to third. Dyson struck out swinging. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Avila struck out swinging. Buxton reached on infield single to shortstop, Buxton safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Evans. Kepler walked. Polanco walked, Kepler to second, Buxton to third. Cruz singled to center, Buxton scored, Polanco to second, Kepler to third. Rosario fouled out to third. Sanó struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 3rd. Berrios pitching for Twins. Frazier struck out swinging. Evans reached on infield single to shortstop. Bell grounded into double play, second to third to first, Evans out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Arraez flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Avila grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Berrios pitching for Twins. Moran flied out to left. Reynolds tripled to deep center. Polanco hit sacrifice fly to left, Reynolds scored. González flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Buxton popped out to second. Kepler walked. Kepler stole second. Polanco walked. Cruz singled to left center, Polanco to second, Kepler to third. Howard pitching for Pirates. Rosario reached on infield single to shortstop, Kepler scored, Cruz to second, Polanco thrown out at home. Sanó struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Berrios pitching for Twins. Dyson flied out to right. Murphy grounded out to third. Frazier walked. Evans singled to shallow left, Frazier to second. Bell fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Turley pitching for Pirates. Arraez walked. Gonzalez singled to left, Arraez to second. Avila walked, Gonzalez to second, Arraez to third. Buxton hit sacrifice fly to right, Arraez scored, Avila to second, Gonzalez to third. Kepler hit sacrifice fly to right, Gonzalez scored. Polanco flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Berrios pitching for Twins. Moran grounded out to third. Reynolds grounded out to second. Polanco lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Neverauskas pitching for Pirates. Cruz struck out swinging. Rosario popped out to second. Sanó flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Thielbar pitching for Twins. González singled to right. Dyson walked, González to second. Murphy flied out to center, Dyson to second, González to third. Frazier struck out swinging. Evans lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Rios pitching for Pirates. Arraez grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Avila flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Thielbar pitching for Twins. Bell struck out swinging. Moran grounded out to pitcher. Reynolds walked. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Rios pitching for Pirates. Buxton fouled out to first. Kepler walked. Polanco grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Kepler out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Thielbar pitching for Twins. González doubled to deep left. Dyson popped out to first. Murphy singled to left, González scored. Frazier singled to left, Murphy to second. Evans singled to deep left, Murphy scored, Frazier to second. May pitching for Twins. Bell flied out to left. Moran fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 3 - Twins 7.	Berríos, Twins win 5th in row, top Pirates after drone delay