Tigers - Top 1st . McAllister pitching for Indians . Jackson struck out swinging . Dirks grounded out to first . Cabrera fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Bourn flied out to left . Swisher flied out to center . Kipnis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Fielder doubled to deep left center . Martinez grounded out to second , Fielder to third . Kelly grounded out to shortstop . Avila struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Cabrera lined out to first . Brantley lined out to first . Santana popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Santiago walked . Perez singled to right , Santiago to third . Jackson walked , Perez to second . Dirks struck out swinging . Cabrera walked , Santiago scored , Perez to third , Jackson to second . Fielder doubled to deep center , Perez and Jackson scored , Cabrera to third . Martinez doubled to deep right , Cabrera and Fielder scored . Kelly walked . Guilmet pitching for Indians . Avila lined out to right . Santiago safe at first on error by second baseman Aviles , Martinez scored on Aviles error , Kelly advanced to second on Aviles error , Kelly to third , Santiago to second on throwing error by right fielder Stubbs . Perez grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Chisenhall flied out to right . Aviles struck out swinging . Stubbs struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Guilmet pitching for Indians . Jackson tripled to deep center . Dirks doubled to deep right , Jackson scored . Cabrera walked . Fielder lined out to right , Dirks to third . Martinez singled to right , Dirks scored , Cabrera to second . Kelly grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martinez out at second , Cabrera to third . Avila flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Bourn reached on infield single to pitcher . Swisher struck out looking . Kipnis lined out to center . Cabrera doubled to deep right center , Bourn scored . Brantley lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Guilmet pitching for Indians . Santiago reached on infield single to pitcher . Perez singled to right , Santiago to third . Jackson popped out to second . Dirks popped out to shortstop . Cabrera singled to deep left , Santiago and Perez scored . Fielder lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Pena catching . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Santana walked . Chisenhall grounded out to pitcher , Santana to second . Aviles grounded out to second , Santana to third . Stubbs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Albers pitching for Indians . Martinez fouled out to left . Kelly popped out to third . Pena grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Bourn flied out to right . Swisher grounded out to second . Kipnis singled to center . Kipnis to second on fielder 's indifference . Cabrera doubled to deep right , Kipnis scored . Brantley flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Albers pitching for Indians . Santiago grounded out to first . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Jackson reached on infield single to third . Dirks singled to center , Jackson to second . Cabrera lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Santana flied out to left . Chisenhall grounded out to second . Aviles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Rzepczynski pitching for Indians . Fielder grounded out to second . Martinez flied out to left . Kelly flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Stubbs grounded out to shortstop . Bourn struck out looking . Swisher grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Raburn pitching for Indians . Pena grounded out to first . Tuiasosopo hit for Santiago . Tuiasosopo struck out swinging . Perez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Dirks in right field . Kelly at second base . Tuiasosopo in left field . Perez at shortstop . Coke pitching for Tigers . Kipnis doubled to left . Cabrera flied out to center , Kipnis to third . Brantley reached on infield single to pitcher , Kipnis scored , Brantley to second on throwing error by pitcher Coke . Santana lined out to right . Chisenhall flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Tigers 10 - Indians 3 .	Scherzer wins 17th ; Tigers take 12th in row