Angels - Top 1st . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Shuck grounded out to second . Calhoun flied out to left . Trout struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Wilson pitching for Angels . Bourn struck out swinging . Swisher walked . Kipnis walked , Swisher to second . Cabrera flied out to right , Swisher to third . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Hamilton doubled to deep right . Trumbo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hamilton out at third . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Trumbo out at second . Aybar stole second , Aybar safe at third on throwing error by catcher Gomes . Nelson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Santana struck out looking . Gomes doubled to deep right . Aviles singled to left , Gomes to third . Stubbs reached on infield single to third , Gomes scored , Aviles to second . Bourn grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Stubbs out at second , Aviles to third . Swisher walked , Bourn to second . Kipnis flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Iannetta singled to left . Green struck out swinging . Shuck doubled to center , Iannetta to third . Calhoun walked . Trout grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Iannetta scored , Calhoun out at second , Shuck to third . Hamilton grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Cabrera lined out to center . Raburn walked . Santana struck out swinging . Gomes hit by pitch , Raburn to second . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gomes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Trumbo popped out to second . Aybar grounded out to second . Nelson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Stubbs struck out swinging . Bourn flied out to center . Swisher tripled to deep center . Kipnis lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Iannetta walked . Green reached on bunt single to pitcher , Iannetta to third , Green to second on throwing error by pitcher Jimenez . Shuck hit sacrifice fly to right , Iannetta scored , Green to third . Calhoun hit sacrifice fly to left , Green scored . Trout struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Raburn grounded out to third . Santana lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Hamilton flied out to center . Trumbo popped out to second . Aybar reached on infield single to shortstop . Nelson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Gomes singled to left . Aviles struck out swinging . Stubbs singled to left , Gomes to second . Bourn singled to center , Gomes scored , Stubbs to third . Kohn pitching for Angels . Swisher popped out to second . Boshers pitching for Angels . Kipnis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Iannetta walked . Green struck out looking . Hill pitching for Indians . Shuck reached on infield single to pitcher , Iannetta to second . Calhoun struck out looking . Shaw pitching for Indians . Trout struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Gutierrez pitching for Angels . Cabrera grounded out to first . Raburn struck out swinging . Santana grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Hamilton singled to left . Trumbo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hamilton safe at second on error by shortstop Cabrera . Hamilton to third , Trumbo to second on wild pitch by Shaw . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hamilton and Trumbo scored , Aybar safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Kipnis . Allen pitching for Indians . Nelson singled to deep center , Aybar scored . Iannetta walked , Nelson to second . Green singled to right center , Nelson to third , Iannetta to second . Shuck hit sacrifice fly to left , Nelson scored . Calhoun grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Green out at second , Iannetta to third . Trout walked , Calhoun to second . Hamilton flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Cowgill in left field . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Gomes struck out swinging . Aviles struck out swinging . Stubbs struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Rzepczynski pitching for Indians . Trumbo flied out to right . Aybar reached on infield single to first . Nelson flied out to center . Iannetta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Frieri pitching for Angels . Bourn struck out swinging . Swisher flied out to center . Kipnis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 7 - Indians 2 .	Wilson , Angels handle error - prone Indians