Indians - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Bourn walked . Swisher flied out to center . Kipnis grounded out to second , Bourn to second . Santana singled to center , Bourn scored . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Santana out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Kazmir pitching for Indians . Jackson walked . Iglesias singled to center , Jackson to second . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Iglesias out at second , Jackson to third . Fielder lined into double play , shortstop to first , Hunter doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Giambi popped out to second . Chisenhall grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Indians . Martinez singled to center . Tuiasosopo walked , Martinez to second . Infante homered to left ( 410 feet ) , Martinez and Tuiasosopo scored . Pena struck out swinging . Santiago singled to center . Jackson singled to right , Santiago to second . Iglesias struck out looking . Hunter singled to center , Santiago scored , Jackson to second . Fielder grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Gomes struck out swinging . Bourn bunt grounded out to pitcher . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Indians . Martinez lined out to right . Tuiasosopo struck out swinging . Infante grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Kipnis grounded out to pitcher . Santana popped out to second . Brantley lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Kazmir pitching for Indians . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Santiago grounded out to shortstop . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Cabrera reached on infield single to second . Giambi singled to right center , Cabrera to third . Chisenhall fouled out to first . Gomes struck out swinging . Bourn singled to right , Cabrera scored , Giambi to second . Swisher struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Kazmir pitching for Indians . Iglesias reached on infield single to shortstop . Hunter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Iglesias out at second . Fielder grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Kipnis struck out swinging . Santana grounded out to first . Brantley tripled to deep right center . Cabrera fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Martinez grounded out to second . Dirks hit for Tuiasosopo . Dirks walked . Infante homered to left ( 386 feet ) , Dirks scored . Pena doubled to deep right . Santiago flied out to right . Jackson hit by pitch . Iglesias walked , Pena to third , Jackson to second . Hunter grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Dirks in left field . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Giambi grounded out to second . Chisenhall flied out to center . Gomes homered to left ( 415 feet ) . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Bourn grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Hill pitching for Indians . Fielder singled to left . Martinez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Fielder out at second . Dirks struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Veras pitching for Tigers . Swisher grounded out to first . Kipnis doubled to deep right center . Santana inside - the - park home run to deep center ( 425 feet ) , Kipnis scored . Brantley flied out to center . Cabrera singled to center . Giambi flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Albers pitching for Indians . Infante grounded out to shortstop . Pena singled to right . Santiago singled to center , Pena to third . Perez ran for Pena . Allen pitching for Indians . Jackson tripled to deep left center , Perez and Santiago scored . Iglesias sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Jackson scored . Hunter struck out swinging . Rzepczynski pitching for Indians . Fielder doubled to deep right , Iglesias scored . Martinez intentionally walked . Dirks reached on infield single to shortstop , Fielder to third , Martinez to second . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dirks out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Avila catching . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Gomes grounded out to pitcher . Bourn flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 5 - Tigers 10 .	Infante hits 2 HRs ; Tigers double up Indians