Indians - Top 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Bourn grounded out to second . Swisher homered to left center ( 401 feet ) . Kipnis singled to center . Santana walked , Kipnis to second . Raburn homered to left ( 364 feet ) , Kipnis and Santana scored . Cabrera flied out to center . Gomes doubled to deep center . Aviles struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Kluber pitching for Indians . De Aza walked . Beckham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , De Aza out at second . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Stubbs singled to left . Bourn grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stubbs out at second . Swisher safe at first on error by third baseman Semien . Kipnis doubled to deep left , Swisher scored . Kipnis stole third . Santana popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Dunn lined out to second . Konerko homered to left center ( 383 feet ) . Garcia singled to right . Viciedo flied out to center . Phegley grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Raburn walked . Cabrera flied out to right . Gomes doubled to deep center , Raburn to third . Aviles hit sacrifice fly to right , Raburn scored , Gomes to third . Stubbs grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Semien hit ground rule double to deep center . De Aza singled to center , Semien scored . Beckham popped out to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , De Aza out at second . Dunn singled to center , Ramirez to third . Konerko flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Bourn tripled to right . Swisher fouled out to left . Kipnis hit sacrifice fly to right , Bourn scored . Santana walked . Raburn doubled to deep left , Santana thrown out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Garcia singled to left . Viciedo struck out swinging . Phegley fouled out to third . Semien popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Leesman pitching for White Sox . Cabrera homered to left ( 373 feet ) . Gomes walked . Aviles walked , Gomes to second . Stubbs walked , Gomes to third , Aviles to second . Bourn singled to right , Gomes scored , Aviles to third , Stubbs to second . Swisher singled to center , Aviles and Stubbs scored , Bourn to second . Kipnis walked , Bourn to third , Swisher to second . Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Santana singled to right , Bourn scored , Swisher to third , Kipnis to second . Raburn singled to left center , Swisher and Kipnis scored , Santana to second . Carson ran for Raburn . Cabrera struck out swinging . Gomes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Carson out at second . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Ramirez at shortstop . Carson in right field . Kubel in left field . Stubbs in center field . Kluber pitching for Indians . De Aza grounded out to first . Beckham grounded out to second . Garcia hit for Ramirez . Garcia grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Garcia at shortstop . Gillaspie at first base . Gonzalez catching . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Aviles flied out to left . Stubbs singled to left . Ramirez flied out to right . Swisher grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Ramirez at second base . Chisenhall at third base . Shoppach catching . Aviles at shortstop . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Keppinger hit for Dunn . Keppinger reached first base on catcher 's interference . Gillaspie grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Keppinger out at second . Garcia popped out to second . Viciedo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 7th . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Chisenhall safe at second on error by first baseman Gillaspie . Santana flied out to right , Chisenhall to third . Carson grounded out to third . Kubel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Gonzalez singled to center . Semien reached on infield single to third , Gonzalez to second . De Aza fouled out to third . Beckham flied out to left . Garcia popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Shoppach grounded out to shortstop . Aviles flied out to center . Stubbs doubled to deep right . Ramirez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Pestano pitching for Indians . Keppinger walked . Gillaspie singled to center , Keppinger to second . Garcia struck out swinging . Keppinger to third , Gillaspie to second on passed ball by Shoppach . Viciedo hit sacrifice fly to right , Keppinger scored , Gillaspie to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Swisher safe at second on error by left fielder Viciedo . Chisenhall popped out to shortstop . Santana struck out looking . Carson walked . Kubel walked , Swisher to third , Carson to second . Shoppach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Guilmet pitching for Indians . Semien walked . De Aza flied out to right . Beckham flied out to left . Jor Danks hit for Garcia . Jor Danks flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 14 - White Sox 3 .	Indians keep pace in wild card with big win