Astros - Top 1st . McAllister pitching for Indians . Villar flied out to center . Altuve grounded out to first . Krauss lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Bourn grounded out to shortstop . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . Kipnis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Carter lined out to shortstop . Crowe grounded out to first . Laird homered to left ( 411 feet ) . Martinez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Santana singled to right center . Raburn flied out to right . Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Laird , Santana to second . Brantley singled to left , Santana to third , Cabrera to second . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Santana scored , Cabrera out at third , Brantley to second . Stubbs struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 3rd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Corporan flied out to center . Hoes grounded out to shortstop . Villar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Bourn grounded out to second . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . Kipnis lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Altuve flied out to right . Krauss struck out swinging . Carter tripled to deep center . Crowe popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Santana struck out swinging . Raburn singled to left . Cabrera walked , Raburn to second . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Raburn safe at third on error by first baseman Carter , Cabrera safe at second on error by first baseman Carter , Raburn scored , Cabrera to third , Brantley to second on throwing error by left . Aviles grounded out to pitcher . Stubbs walked . Bourn grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Laird grounded out to shortstop . Martinez singled to left center . Corporan walked , Martinez to second . Hoes singled to center , Martinez to third , Corporan to second . Villar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hoes out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Swisher flied out to right . Kipnis flied out to right . Santana walked . Raburn grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Altuve walked . Rzepczynski pitching for Indians . Altuve caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Krauss struck out swinging . Shaw pitching for Indians . Carter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Cabrera grounded out to third . Brantley grounded out to second . Aviles doubled to right . Stubbs grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Crowe struck out looking . Laird grounded out to third . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 1 - Indians 2 .	Indians edge Astros in rain - shortened game