Indians - Top 1st . Albers pitching for Twins . Brantley lined out to shortstop . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . Kipnis doubled to deep left center . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kipnis out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . McAllister pitching for Indians . Presley bunt grounded out to third . Dozier struck out swinging . Doumit singled to right . Willingham flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Albers pitching for Twins . Raburn struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Gomes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Pinto singled to right center . Plouffe grounded out to shortstop , Pinto to second . Colabello struck out swinging . Mastroianni popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Albers pitching for Twins . Aviles grounded out to first . Stubbs struck out swinging . Brantley singled to left . Swisher walked , Brantley to second . Kipnis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Brantley to third , Swisher safe at second on error by second baseman Dozier . Santana flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 3rd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Escobar singled to center . Presley singled to left , Escobar to second . Dozier grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Presley out at second , Escobar to third . Doumit grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Albers pitching for Twins . Raburn singled to center . Raburn to second on balk by Albers . Cabrera sacrificed to catcher , Raburn to third , Cabrera safe at first on error by first baseman Colabello . Raburn scored on error by first baseman Colabello . Gomes homered to left ( 372 feet ) , Cabrera scored . Aviles grounded out to second . Stubbs reached on infield single to shortstop . Brantley grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Stubbs out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 4th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Willingham grounded out to third . Pinto struck out swinging . Plouffe walked . Colabello doubled to deep right center , Plouffe to third . Mastroianni flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Albers pitching for Twins . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . Kipnis grounded out to second . Santana grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Escobar flied out to center . Presley walked . Dozier singled to left , Presley to second . Shaw pitching for Indians . Doumit grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dozier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Albers pitching for Twins . Raburn singled to left . Cabrera popped out to second . Gomes singled to left , Raburn to second . Aviles grounded out to shortstop , Raburn to third , Gomes to second . Stubbs walked . Pressly pitching for Twins . Brantley singled to left , Raburn scored , Gomes to third , Stubbs to second . Swisher struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Willingham lined out to left . Pinto walked . Plouffe reached on infield single to first , Pinto to second . Colabello struck out swinging . Mastroianni struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Pressly pitching for Twins . Kipnis walked . Kipnis to second on wild pitch by Pressly . Santana doubled to deep right , Kipnis scored . Raburn grounded out to catcher , Santana to third . Cabrera flied out to right , Santana out at home . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Carson in right field . Rzepczynski pitching for Indians . Escobar struck out looking . Presley hit by pitch . Allen pitching for Indians . Presley to second on passed ball by Gomes . Dozier struck out swinging . Doumit singled to center , Presley scored . Willingham flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Roenicke pitching for Twins . Gomes singled to right . Aviles grounded out to pitcher , Gomes to second . Stubbs walked . Brantley singled to left , Gomes scored , Stubbs to second . Tonkin pitching for Twins . Swisher struck out swinging . Kipnis flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Albers pitching for Indians . Pinto struck out looking . Plouffe flied out to right . Colabello walked . Mastroianni flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Tonkin pitching for Twins . Santana struck out swinging . Carson grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Escobar singled to left . Escobar to second on fielder 's indifference . Presley tripled to deep center , Escobar scored . Dozier grounded out to third , Presley scored . Doumit singled to left center . Willingham flied out to center . Pinto homered to right ( 349 feet ) , Doumit scored . Smith pitching for Indians . Plouffe reached on infield single to third . Florimon ran for Plouffe . Colabello walked , Florimon to second . Bernier ran for Colabello . Arcia hit for Mastroianni . Arcia struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 6 - Twins 5 .	Indians hold off Twins , keep wild - card edge