Yankees - Top 1st. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Gardner lined out to center. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Jones flied out to center. Markakis struck out swinging. Wieters walked. Tejada flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Cano singled to deep right. Posada grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cano out at second. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Scott singled to left. Wigginton singled to center, Scott to second. Hughes flied out to left. Reimold walked, Scott to third, Wigginton to second. Izturis walked, Scott scored, Wigginton to third, Reimold to second. Jones grounded into double play, third to second to first, Izturis out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Swisher singled to right. Winn singled to center, Swisher to second. Jeter grounded out to first, Swisher to third, Winn to second. Gardner safe at first on error by third baseman Tejada, Swisher scored. Teixeira walked, Winn to third, Gardner to second. Rodriguez lined out to third. Cano flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Markakis flied out to left. Wieters flied out to left. Tejada lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Posada homered to right (411 feet). Granderson grounded out to first. Swisher popped out to shortstop. Winn fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Scott walked. Wigginton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Scott out at second. Hughes struck out looking. Reimold grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wigginton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Jeter grounded out to first. Gardner struck out looking. Teixeira walked. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Jones lined out to center. Markakis popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Cano singled to right. Cano caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Posada walked. Granderson struck out swinging. Swisher reached on infield single to third, Posada tagged out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Wieters lined out to first. Tejada flied out to center. Scott walked. Wigginton hit by pitch, Scott to second. Hughes singled to right, Scott scored, Wigginton to third. Reimold singled to left, Wigginton scored, Hughes to second. Izturis singled to center, Hughes scored, Montanez to second. Jones struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Castillo pitching for Orioles. Winn struck out looking. Jeter flied out to right. Gardner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Aceves pitching for Yankees. Markakis grounded out to second. Wieters walked. Tejada flied out to right. Scott grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Teixeira flied out to center. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Cano singled to left. Posada grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Aceves pitching for Yankees. Wigginton safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter. Hughes struck out looking. Montanez flied out to right. Lugo stole second, Lugo safe at third on throwing error by catcher Posada. Izturis singled to right, Lugo scored. Jones doubled to left, Izturis to third. Markakis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Simon pitching for Orioles. Granderson struck out looking. Swisher singled to center. Johnson walked, Swisher to second. Jeter struck out swinging. Gardner safe at first on error by shortstop Izturis, Swisher scored, Pena to third. Teixeira singled to right, Pena scored, Gardner to third. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Teixeira out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 4 - Orioles 5.	O's top Yanks for 2nd win in row \n\n