Mariners - Top 1st. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Suzuki flied out to left. Figgins struck out looking. Kotchman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Patterson grounded out to first. Jones struck out swinging. Markakis lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. Lopez flied out to center. Langerhans struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Tejada popped out to shortstop. Wigginton singled to left. Scott fouled out to third. Hughes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Jo Wilson flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Saunders struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Tatum struck out looking. Izturis walked. Patterson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Suzuki reached on infield single to third. Figgins sacrificed to catcher, Suzuki to second. Kotchman flied out to left. Sweeney walked. Lopez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Jones grounded out to third. Markakis walked. Markakis to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Tejada grounded out to pitcher, Markakis to third. Wigginton singled to right, Markakis scored. Scott flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Langerhans doubled to deep left center. Jo Wilson flied out to right, Langerhans to third. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Saunders singled to right, Langerhans scored. Suzuki homered to right (394 feet), Saunders scored. Figgins struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Hughes struck out swinging. Tatum grounded out to shortstop. Izturis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Kotchman grounded out to second. Sweeney homered to center (411 feet). Lopez singled to left. Lopez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Langerhans struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Patterson doubled to right. Jones grounded out to first, Patterson to third. Markakis grounded out to pitcher. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Jo Wilson lined out to shortstop. Johnson grounded out to third. Saunders homered to right (386 feet). Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Suzuki walked. Figgins grounded into fielder's choice to second, Suzuki out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Wigginton struck out swinging. Scott reached on infield single to pitcher. Hughes singled to right, Scott to second. Wieters hit for Tatum. Wieters struck out swinging. Atkins hit for Izturis. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to third, Scott out at third, Hughes to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Wieters catching. Lugo at shortstop. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Kotchman grounded out to second. Sweeney popped out to second. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. League pitching for Mariners. Patterson homered to right (391 feet). Jones struck out swinging, Jones safe at first on wild pitch by League. Markakis singled to left, Jones to second. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Markakis out at second, Jones to third. Wigginton walked, Tejada to second. Scott homered to left center (380 feet), Jones, Tejada and Wigginton scored. Hughes struck out looking. Wieters grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Simon pitching for Orioles. Langerhans grounded out to second. Jo Wilson hit by pitch. Griffey Jr hit for Johnson. Griffey Jr walked, Jo Wilson to second. Moore ran for Griffey Jr. Saunders struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to left, Jo Wilson thrown out at home, Moore to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Orioles 6.	Scott's grand slam powers Orioles past Mariners