Indians - Top 1st. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Cabrera grounded out to second. Sizemore grounded out to first. Choo walked. Hafner hit by pitch, Choo to second. Peralta singled to left, Choo scored, Hafner to second. Branyan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Patterson singled to center. Jones hit by pitch, Patterson to second. Markakis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jones out at second, Patterson to third. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. LaPorta struck out swinging. Valbuena grounded out to shortstop. Marson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Scott singled to center. Wigginton struck out swinging. Wieters grounded out to pitcher, Scott to second. Hughes safe at first on error by first baseman Branyan, Scott to third. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Cabrera grounded out to second. Sizemore flied out to left. Choo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Patterson singled to right. Jones tripled to deep right, Patterson scored. Markakis grounded out to first. Tejada hit by pitch. Scott singled to right, Jones scored, Tejada to second. Wigginton struck out swinging. Wieters popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Hafner grounded out to shortstop. Peralta grounded out to third. Branyan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Hughes grounded out to first. Izturis walked. Patterson singled to right, Izturis to second. Jones struck out swinging. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Patterson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. LaPorta struck out looking. Valbuena flied out to center. Marson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Scott grounded out to second. Wigginton singled to center. Wieters walked, Wigginton to second. Hughes grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Cabrera grounded out to second. Sizemore flied out to right. Choo lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Izturis walked. Patterson walked, Izturis to second. Jones grounded out to third, Izturis to third, Patterson to second. Markakis intentionally walked. Tejada singled to center, Izturis and Patterson scored, Markakis to second. Laffey pitching for Indians. Scott singled to center, Markakis scored, Tejada to second, Tejada to third, Scott to second on error by center fielder Sizemore. Wigginton singled to left, Tejada scored, Scott to third. Wieters walked, Wigginton to second. Hughes struck out looking. Izturis popped out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 7th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Hafner singled to right. Peralta flied out to center. Branyan struck out swinging. LaPorta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Patterson struck out swinging. Jones singled to left. Markakis singled to right, Jones to second. Tejada singled to center, Jones scored, Markakis to second. Scott grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tejada out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Valbuena flied out to left. Marson hit by pitch. Cabrera flied out to center. Sizemore grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Ambriz pitching for Indians. Wigginton doubled to deep right center. Wieters grounded out to shortstop, Wigginton to third. Wigginton scored on Ambriz' wild pitch. Hughes struck out swinging. Izturis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Ohman pitching for Orioles. Choo grounded out to first. Hafner singled to right. Peralta struck out swinging. Branyan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 1 - Orioles 8.	Guthrie, Tejada help Orioles win third straight