Royals - Top 1st. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Podsednik walked. Podsednik stole second. Aviles flied out to left. DeJesus singled to left, Podsednik to third. Butler singled to right, Podsednik scored, DeJesus to second. Guillen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Butler out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Davies pitching for Royals. Patterson reached on bunt single to pitcher. Patterson stole second. Markakis flied out to left, Patterson to third. Wigginton struck out swinging. Tejada reached on infield single to pitcher, Patterson scored. Scott grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Callaspo grounded out to first. Maier safe at first on error by second baseman Wigginton. Betancourt doubled to deep left, Maier to third. Kendall flied out to right. Maier scored, Betancourt to third on balk by Bergesen. Podsednik struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Davies pitching for Royals. Wieters singled to right center. Jones reached on bunt single to pitcher, Wieters to second. Atkins lined out to first. Izturis flied out to right, Wieters to third. Patterson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Aviles popped out to third. DeJesus singled to right. Butler flied out to center. Guillen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Davies pitching for Royals. Markakis flied out to center. Wigginton reached on infield single to shortstop. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wigginton out at second. Scott singled to right, Tejada to second. Wieters fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Callaspo grounded out to second. Maier fouled out to third. Betancourt reached on infield single to third. Kendall flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Davies pitching for Royals. Jones flied out to left. Atkins flied out to center. Izturis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Podsednik singled to center. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to third, Podsednik out at second. Aviles caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Davies pitching for Royals. Patterson walked. Patterson stole second. Patterson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Kendall. Markakis lined out to right. Wigginton grounded out to second, Patterson scored. Tejada singled to right. Scott grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 6th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Guillen reached on infield single to third. Callaspo doubled to deep right, Guillen to third. Maier intentionally walked. Betancourt grounded out to third, Guillen scored, Callaspo to third, Maier to second. Kendall flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Davies pitching for Royals. Wieters struck out looking. Jones flied out to right. Atkins popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Podsednik grounded out to second. Aviles singled to deep right center. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop, Aviles to second. Butler doubled to deep center, Aviles scored. Guillen hit by pitch. Uehara pitching for Orioles. Callaspo popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Farnsworth pitching for Royals. Izturis flied out to left. Patterson hit by pitch. Markakis singled to center, Patterson to third. Wigginton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Patterson scored, Markakis out at second. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wigginton out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Uehara pitching for Orioles. Maier struck out swinging. Betancourt grounded out to second. Kendall fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Wood pitching for Royals. Scott grounded out to pitcher. Wieters singled to center. Jones grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wieters out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Ohman pitching for Orioles. Podsednik bunt popped out foul to catcher. Aviles struck out swinging. DeJesus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Atkins walked. Lugo ran for Atkins. Izturis reached on bunt single to pitcher, Lugo to second. Patterson sacrificed to first, Lugo to third, Izturis to second. Markakis intentionally walked. Wigginton struck out swinging. Tejada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - Orioles 3.	Royals notch rain-soaked win against Orioles