Orioles - Top 1st. Harden pitching for Rangers. Patterson grounded out to second. Wigginton flied out to center. Markakis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Andrus grounded out to third. Young grounded out to second. Kinsler popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Harden pitching for Rangers. Tejada singled to center. Scott singled to left, Tejada to second. Wieters struck out swinging. Jones reached on infield single to third, Tejada to third, Scott to second. Atkins struck out looking. Izturis singled to left center, Tejada and Scott scored, Jones to third. Patterson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Guerrero grounded out to pitcher. Hamilton homered to center (420 feet). Cruz doubled to left. Smoak flied out to left. Cruz stole third. Treanor struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Harden pitching for Rangers. Wigginton grounded out to third. Markakis walked. Tejada flied out to center. Scott struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Borbon reached on infield single to shortstop. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to second, Borbon out at second. Young singled to left, Andrus to second, Andrus to third, Young to second on error by left fielder Patterson. Kinsler struck out swinging. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 4th. Harden pitching for Rangers. Wieters grounded out to second. Jones flied out to center. Atkins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Hamilton doubled to deep left center. Cruz flied out to right, Hamilton to third. Smoak grounded out to second. Treanor grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Harden pitching for Rangers. Izturis singled to right center. Patterson struck out looking. Izturis to second on wild pitch by Harden. Wigginton struck out swinging. Markakis reached on infield single to second, Izturis to third. Tejada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Borbon grounded out to second. Andrus struck out swinging. Young singled to center. Kinsler singled to left, Young to second. Guerrero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Harden pitching for Rangers. Scott singled to left. Wieters flied out to right. Jones singled to center, Scott to second. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Atkins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Hamilton flied out to left. Cruz grounded out to third. Smoak flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Patterson doubled to deep right. Wigginton flied out to center, Patterson to third. Markakis intentionally walked. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Albers pitching for Orioles. Treanor reached on infield single to third. Arias ran for Treanor. Borbon sacrificed to pitcher, Arias to second, Borbon safe at first on error by pitcher Albers. Andrus sacrificed to catcher, Arias to third, Borbon to second. Young intentionally walked. Kinsler grounded out to second, Arias scored, Borbon to third, Young to second. Guerrero reached on infield single to third, Borbon scored, Young to third. Ohman pitching for Orioles. Hamilton flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 8th. Ramirez catching. Ray pitching for Rangers. Scott grounded out to second. Wieters singled to right. Jones flied out to center. Atkins walked, Wieters to second. Izturis singled to center, Wieters scored, Atkins to third. Patterson flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Uehara pitching for Orioles. Cruz struck out swinging. Smoak walked. Ramirez singled to left, Smoak to third. Murphy hit for Borbon. Murphy struck out swinging. Meredith pitching for Orioles. Andrus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Hamilton in center field. Murphy in left field. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Wigginton struck out swinging. Markakis walked. Tejada grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Meredith pitching for Orioles. Young doubled to center. Kinsler walked. Guerrero flied out to center. Castillo pitching for Orioles. Hamilton walked, Young to third, Kinsler to second. Berken pitching for Orioles. Cruz hit sacrifice fly to center, Young scored. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 3 - Rangers 4.	Umps miss Hamilton HR in Rangers victory