Athletics - Top 1st. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Davis lined out to third. Barton singled to center. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to third, Barton out at second. Suzuki popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Patterson flied out to center. Lugo struck out swinging. Wigginton walked. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wigginton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Cust grounded out to second. Kouzmanoff walked. Gross homered to center (404 feet), Kouzmanoff scored. Rosales grounded out to shortstop. Ellis fouled out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Wieters grounded out to shortstop. Jones singled to center. Atkins struck out swinging. Montanez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Davis walked. Barton walked, Davis to second. Sweeney grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop to catcher to second to first to shortstop to catcher, Davis out at home, Davis out at third, Barton to second. Suzuki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Izturis singled to center. Patterson struck out looking. Izturis stole second. Lugo reached on infield single to third. Wigginton walked, Izturis to third, Lugo to second. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to third, Izturis scored, Lugo out at third, Wigginton to second. Wieters singled to center, Wigginton scored, Tejada to second. Jones flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Cust grounded out to second. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. Gross grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Atkins lined out to center. Montanez grounded out to shortstop. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Rosales flied out to center. Ellis popped out to shortstop. Davis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Patterson struck out swinging. Lugo singled to right. Lugo caught stealing second, catcher to second. Wigginton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Barton grounded out to second. Sweeney grounded out to second. Suzuki fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Tejada grounded out to second. Wieters hit by pitch. Jones singled to left, Wieters to second. Atkins walked, Wieters to third, Jones to second. Montanez grounded out to pitcher, Wieters scored, Jones to third, Atkins to second. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Cust grounded out to second. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. Gross grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Patterson struck out swinging. Ross pitching for Athletics. Lugo singled to left. Wigginton walked, Lugo to second. Tejada singled to right, Lugo scored, Wigginton to second. Wieters walked, Wigginton to third, Tejada to second. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Jones fouled out to first. Atkins walked, Wigginton scored, Tejada to third, Wieters to second. Montanez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Rosales singled to left. Ellis singled to center, Rosales to second. Berken pitching for Orioles. Davis flied out to right. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Barton popped out to shortstop. Sweeney singled to left, Rosales scored, Ellis to second. Suzuki reached on infield single to second, Ellis to third, Sweeney to second. Fox hit for Cust. Fox reached on infield single to shortstop, Ellis scored, Sweeney to third, Suzuki to second. Meredith pitching for Orioles. Kouzmanoff doubled to deep center, Sweeney, Suzuki and Fox scored. Gross intentionally walked. Rosales grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gross out at second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Izturis flied out to center. Patterson struck out swinging. Lugo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Meredith pitching for Orioles. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Davis grounded out to third. Castillo pitching for Orioles. Barton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Wigginton grounded out to second. Tejada singled to right. Wieters singled to center, Tejada to second. Moore ran for Wieters. Jones flied out to right. Atkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 7 - Orioles 5.	Five-run eighth helps Athletics rally past Orioles