Red Sox - Top 1st. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Scutaro singled to left. Pedroia walked, Scutaro to second. Ortiz walked, Scutaro to third, Pedroia to second. Youkilis struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to first, Scutaro scored, Pedroia to third, Ortiz to second. Drew doubled to deep right center, Pedroia and Ortiz scored. Beltre popped out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Patterson flied out to right. Tejada reached on infield single to pitcher. Markakis flied out to center. Wigginton walked, Tejada to second. Scott grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wigginton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Hermida doubled to deep right. Hall singled to center, Hermida to third. Scutaro struck out looking. Pedroia singled to left, Hermida scored, Hall to second. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Ortiz grounded out to first, Hall to third, Pedroia to second. Youkilis popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Wieters popped out to third. Jones flied out to right. Moore flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Martinez singled to shallow left. Drew struck out swinging. Beltre flied out to right. Hermida struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Izturis singled to right. Patterson sacrificed to pitcher, Izturis to second. Tejada flied out to right. Markakis popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Hall struck out swinging, Hall safe at first on passed ball by Wieters. Scutaro singled to left, Hall to second. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop, Hall to third, Scutaro to second. Ortiz lined out to second. Youkilis homered to left (413 feet), Hall and Scutaro scored. Martinez singled to center. Drew struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Wigginton grounded out to pitcher. Scott grounded out to first. Wieters flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Albers pitching for Orioles. Beltre homered to left (376 feet). Hermida struck out swinging. Hall struck out looking. Scutaro flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. McDonald in center field. Hall in left field. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Jones grounded out to second. Moore grounded out to shortstop. Izturis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Albers pitching for Orioles. Pedroia struck out swinging. Ortiz grounded out to second. Youkilis singled to right center. Martinez walked, Youkilis to second. Drew flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Patterson grounded out to shortstop. Tejada flied out to right. Markakis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Mata pitching for Orioles. Beltre lined out to first. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. Hall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Wigginton singled to center. Scott grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wigginton out at second. Wieters struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Mata pitching for Orioles. Scutaro homered to left (378 feet). Pedroia singled to deep right. Ortiz grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Pedroia out at second. Youkilis grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Moore singled to right. Izturis flied out to center. Patterson popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Castillo pitching for Orioles. Tatum catching. Martinez singled to center. Drew reached on infield single to pitcher, Martinez to second. Beltre doubled to deep center, Martinez scored, Drew to third. McDonald grounded out to shortstop, Drew scored. Hall walked. Scutaro grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hall out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Tejada singled to left. Markakis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tejada out at second. Wigginton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 11 - Orioles 0.	Scutaro helps Buchholz, Red Sox blank O's