Orioles - Top 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Patterson grounded out to first. Tejada struck out swinging. Markakis singled to center. Scott walked, Markakis to second. Markakis to third, Scott to second on wild pitch by Lincecum. Jones flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Torres walked. Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop, Torres to second. Huff doubled to deep left, Torres scored, Sanchez thrown out at home, Huff to third advancing on throw. Uribe walked. Sandoval singled to deep center, Huff scored, Sandoval out at second, Uribe to second. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. Tatum struck out looking. Izturis singled to right. Guthrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Schierholtz flied out to left. Rowand singled to left. Lincecum grounded out to first, Rowand to second. Torres grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Patterson struck out looking. Tejada singled to right. Tejada to second on wild pitch by Lincecum. Markakis walked. Scott struck out swinging. Tejada to third, Markakis to second on wild pitch by Lincecum. Jones struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Sanchez doubled to deep left center. Huff grounded out to second, Sanchez to third. Uribe popped out to shortstop. Sandoval grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Lugo singled to left. Tatum singled to left center, Lugo to second. Izturis singled to right center, Lugo scored, Tatum to third, Izturis to second advancing on throw. Guthrie struck out swinging. Patterson struck out swinging. Tejada struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Molina popped out to second. Schierholtz grounded out to first. Rowand flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Markakis singled to left. Scott walked, Markakis to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Scott out at second, Markakis to third. Lugo singled to left center, Markakis scored, Jones to second. Lugo caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop, Jones to third on runner's fielder's choice. Tatum walked. Izturis lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Lincecum grounded out to shortstop. Torres struck out swinging. Sanchez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Guthrie flied out to center. Patterson struck out swinging. Tejada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Huff homered to right (403 feet). Uribe homered to left (386 feet). Sandoval struck out swinging. Molina doubled to deep right center. Schierholtz lined out to left. Rowand grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Markakis grounded out to pitcher. Scott singled to right. Casilla pitching for Giants. Whiteside catching. Jones struck out swinging, Scott stole second. Lugo singled to right, Scott scored, Lugo to second advancing on throw. Tatum walked. Izturis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Berken pitching for Orioles. Whiteside grounded out to shortstop. Torres grounded out to second. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Moore hit for Berken. Casilla pitching for Giants. Moore struck out swinging. Patterson walked. Torres in center field. Huff in left field. Ishikawa at first base. Wilson pitching for Giants. Tejada singled to center, Patterson to third. Markakis struck out swinging. Scott grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Ohman pitching for Orioles. Huff singled to left. Simon pitching for Orioles. Uribe doubled to deep right, Huff to third. Sandoval intentionally walked. Ishikawa singled to right, Huff scored, Uribe to third, Sandoval to second. Schierholtz hit sacrifice fly to left, Uribe scored. Wilson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ishikawa out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Wilson pitching for Giants. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Lugo fouled out to right. Wieters hit for Tatum. Wieters struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 3 - Giants 6.	Giants ace Lincecum K's 10, hit by line drive