Orioles - Top 1st. Oliver pitching for Tigers. Patterson safe at second on error by right fielder Ordonez. Patterson stole third. Tejada grounded out to third, Patterson scored. Markakis grounded out to second. Wigginton hit by pitch. Jones struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Millwood pitching for Orioles. Jackson lined out to second. Damon singled to right. Ordonez walked, Damon to second. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Damon and Ordonez scored, Cabrera to third advancing on throw. Boesch walked. Guillen singled to center, Cabrera scored, Boesch to third. Inge hit ground rule double to deep right, Boesch scored, Guillen to third. Avila grounded out to second, Guillen scored, Inge to third. Santiago struck out looking. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Oliver pitching for Tigers. Wieters fouled out to right. Fox singled to left. Lugo tripled to deep right, Fox scored. Izturis singled to right, Lugo scored. Patterson grounded out to first, Izturis to second. Tejada reached on infield single to second, Izturis scored on throwing error by second baseman Guillen. Markakis walked, Tejada to second. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Wigginton doubled to left, Tejada scored, Markakis to third. Markakis scored, Wigginton to third on wild pitch by Bonine. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Jackson grounded out to third. Damon singled to center. Ordonez flied out to center. Cabrera doubled to deep left, Damon to third. Boesch walked. Guillen singled to shallow left, Damon and Cabrera scored, Boesch to second. Inge singled to shallow right, Boesch scored, Guillen to second. Avila struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Wieters grounded out to second. Fox homered to left center (410 feet). Lugo singled to right center. Izturis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lugo out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Santiago flied out to left. Jackson grounded out to third. Damon doubled to deep right. Ordonez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Patterson doubled to deep left center. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Patterson out at third. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Wigginton walked. Jones flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Cabrera flied out to right. Boesch grounded out to second. Guillen doubled to deep right. Inge intentionally walked. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Wieters singled to right center. Fox flied out to center. Lugo singled to left center, Wieters to third. Thomas pitching for Tigers. Izturis fouled out to first. Patterson lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Uehara pitching for Orioles. Santiago reached on bunt single to shortstop. Jackson tripled to deep right, Santiago scored. Damon grounded out to shortstop. Ordonez singled to left, Jackson scored. Cabrera flied out to left. Boesch walked, Ordonez to second. Guillen struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Thomas pitching for Tigers. Tejada grounded out to second. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Wigginton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Albers pitching for Orioles. Inge flied out to right. Avila singled to right. Santiago struck out swinging. Jackson singled to right, Avila to third. Damon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Perry pitching for Tigers. Jones singled to right. Wieters flied out to center. Fox flied out to center. Lugo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Albers pitching for Orioles. Ordonez singled to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. Boesch walked, Ordonez to second. Hernandez pitching for Orioles. Guillen walked, Ordonez to third, Boesch to second. Inge doubled to deep center, Ordonez and Boesch scored, Guillen to third. Avila flied out to left. Santiago struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Kelly in left field. Boesch in right field. Coke pitching for Tigers. Izturis struck out looking. Patterson struck out swinging. Tejada popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Orioles. Jackson struck out swinging. Damon safe at first on error by third baseman Tejada. Kelly struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 9th. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Markakis walked. Wigginton singled to right, Markakis to second. Jones grounded out to second, Markakis to third, Wigginton to second. Wieters singled to right center, Markakis and Wigginton scored. Fox singled to right center, Wieters to second. Moore hit for Lugo. Moore grounded out to first, Wieters to third, Fox to second. Izturis popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 9 - Tigers 12.	Tigers pound out 17 hits, power past Orioles