Orioles - Top 1st. Davies pitching for Royals. Roberts doubled to deep left. Markakis grounded out to second, Roberts to third. Wigginton hit sacrifice fly to right, Roberts scored. Scott grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Bloomquist lined out to second. Kendall grounded out to second. Butler fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Davies pitching for Royals. Jones grounded out to third. Pie singled to center. Pie to second on wild pitch by Davies. Pie to third on wild pitch by Davies. Wieters walked. Patterson walked, Wieters to second. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pie scored, Patterson out at second, Wieters to third. Roberts struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Guillen fouled out to first. Betemit walked. Aviles struck out looking. Ankiel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Davies pitching for Royals. Markakis homered to right (421 feet). Wigginton grounded out to shortstop. Scott popped out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Gordon struck out swinging. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Davies pitching for Royals. Pie struck out swinging. Wieters flied out to center. Patterson singled to center. Patterson stole second. Izturis walked. Roberts grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Kendall walked. Butler doubled to deep center, Kendall to third. Guillen walked. Betemit walked, Kendall scored, Butler to third, Guillen to second. Aviles hit sacrifice fly to right, Butler scored. Ankiel singled to right, Guillen to third, Betemit to second. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Betancourt singled to center, Guillen scored, Betemit to third, Ankiel to second, Betemit scored on error by center fielder Jones. Gordon singled to right, Ankiel scored, Betancourt to second. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gordon out at second, Betancourt to third. Kendall grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 5th. Davies pitching for Royals. Markakis flied out to center. Wigginton singled to center. Scott grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wigginton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Butler walked. Guillen grounded out to first, Butler to second. Betemit singled to left, Butler to third. Aviles grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Betemit out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Davies pitching for Royals. Jones struck out swinging. Pie walked. Wieters grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pie safe at third on error by shortstop Betancourt. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pie scored, Wieters out at second. Izturis singled to center, Patterson to second. Farnsworth pitching for Royals. Roberts struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Ankiel reached on infield single to second. Betancourt lined into double play, third to first, Ankiel doubled off first. Gordon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Farnsworth pitching for Royals. Markakis flied out to left. Wigginton grounded out to third. Scott walked. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Albers pitching for Orioles. Bloomquist grounded out to third. Kendall doubled to center. Butler intentionally walked. Guillen lined out to left. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Betemit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Pie grounded out to shortstop. Wieters grounded out to second. Patterson homered to right center (409 feet). Izturis popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Aviles grounded out to shortstop. Ankiel flied out to center. Betancourt popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Roberts safe at first on error by second baseman Aviles. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Roberts out at second. Wigginton popped out to second. Scott grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 9th. Hernandez pitching for Orioles. Gordon flied out to center. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Kendall singled to right, Kendall out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 10th. Wood pitching for Royals. Jones grounded out to first. Pie grounded out to second. Wieters walked. Patterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 10th. Hernandez pitching for Orioles. Butler struck out looking. Guillen flied out to center. Betemit struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 11th. Wood pitching for Royals. Izturis walked. Roberts singled to right, Izturis to third. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Izturis out at third, Markakis to second, Roberts to second, Roberts to third advancing on throw. Wigginton hit sacrifice fly to left, Roberts scored. Scott intentionally walked. Jones flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 11th. Simon pitching for Orioles. Aviles singled to center. Ankiel grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Aviles out at second. Betancourt singled to right. Gordon lined out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 6 - Royals 5.	Wigginton's sac fly leads O's past Royals in 11th