Dodgers - Top 1st. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Puig walked. Kemp grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Puig out at second. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Campana singled to left center. Campana to second on wild pitch by Greinke. Hill flied out to right, Campana to third. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Prado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez walked. Van Slyke doubled to deep left, Gonzalez to third. Uribe singled to right, Gonzalez and Van Slyke scored. Turner struck out swinging. Butera struck out looking. Greinke grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Uribe out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Montero grounded out to second. Trumbo struck out swinging. Parra grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Puig singled to center. Kemp lined out to right. Puig to second on wild pitch by Miley. Ramirez flied out to center. Gonzalez homered to left (375 feet), Puig scored. Van Slyke walked. Uribe lined out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Pennington struck out swinging. Miley singled to center. Campana struck out swinging. Hill doubled to deep center, Miley to third. Goldschmidt popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Turner doubled to deep left center. Butera struck out swinging. Greinke grounded out to shortstop. Puig singled to center, Turner scored. Kemp lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Prado struck out looking. Montero singled to right. Trumbo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Montero out at second. Parra singled to center, Trumbo to second. Pennington flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to right. Van Slyke flied out to center. Uribe doubled to deep right, Gonzalez to third. Turner grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Pollock hit for Miley. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Pollock homered to center (427 feet). Campana grounded out to second. Hill lined out to third. Goldschmidt doubled to left. Prado singled to right, Goldschmidt to third. Montero struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Pollock in center field. Butera walked. Greinke sacrificed to catcher, Butera to second. Puig fouled out to first. Kemp safe at first on error by third baseman Prado, Butera scored. Ramirez lined out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Trumbo struck out swinging. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Parra grounded out to second. Pennington reached on bunt single to third. Pennington to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Pollock flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Van Slyke grounded out to shortstop. Uribe lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Owings hit for Ziegler. Withrow pitching for Dodgers. Owings walked. Hill struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out looking, Owings stole second. Prado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Turner struck out looking. Butera reached on infield single to shortstop. Figgins hit for Withrow. Figgins singled to right, Butera to second. Puig fouled out to first. Butera to third, Figgins to second on wild pitch by Putz. Kemp walked. Ramirez walked, Butera scored, Figgins to third, Kemp to second. Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Maholm pitching for Dodgers. Montero flied out to center. Trumbo hit by pitch. Trumbo to second on wild pitch by Maholm. Parra grounded out to second, Trumbo to third. Pennington singled to left center, Trumbo scored. Pollock grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Van Slyke struck out swinging. Uribe doubled to deep left. Turner safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Prado. Butera singled to right, Uribe to third, Turner to second. Ethier hit for Maholm. Ethier grounded into fielder's choice to first, Uribe scored, Butera out at second, Turner to third. Puig flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. League pitching for Dodgers. Chavez hit for Reed. Chavez singled to center. Hill hit by pitch, Chavez to second. Goldschmidt flied out to right, Chavez to third. Hill to second on fielder's indifference. Prado walked. Montero hit sacrifice fly to center, Chavez scored, Hill to third. Prado to second on fielder's indifference. Trumbo doubled to deep center, Hill and Prado scored. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Parra struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 8 - Diamondbacks 5.	Greinke now 3-0 as Dodgers top D-backs