Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Haren pitching for Dodgers. Parra grounded out to second. Hill grounded out to third. Goldschmidt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon grounded out to third. Crawford grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Haren pitching for Dodgers. Montero struck out swinging. Ross struck out swinging. Prado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Kemp struck out looking. Ethier grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Haren pitching for Dodgers. Trumbo singled to center. Owings sacrificed to third, Trumbo to second. Bolsinger singled to shallow left, Trumbo to third. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to first, Trumbo scored, Bolsinger safe at second on error by shortstop Ramirez. Hill hit by pitch, Bolsinger to third, Parra to second. Goldschmidt singled to right, Bolsinger and Parra scored, Hill out at third. Montero doubled to right, Goldschmidt scored. Ross flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. Uribe struck out swinging. Butera struck out looking. Haren walked. Gordon singled to left, Haren to second. Crawford struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Haren pitching for Dodgers. Prado flied out to center. Trumbo struck out looking. Owings doubled to right center. Bolsinger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez grounded out to third. Gonzalez singled to center. Kemp singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Ethier homered to right (382 feet), Gonzalez and Kemp scored. Uribe popped out to shortstop. Butera flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Haren pitching for Dodgers. Parra safe at first on error by third baseman Uribe. Hill popped out to shortstop. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. Haren singled to right center. Gordon singled to right, Haren to second. Crawford singled to right, Haren to third, Gordon to second. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Haren scored, Gordon safe at third on error by third baseman Prado, Crawford to second. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez singled to right, Gordon and Crawford scored, Ramirez to third, Gonzalez to second on throwing error by first baseman Goldschmidt. Kemp doubled to left, Ramirez and Gonzalez scored. Ethier struck out swinging. Kemp stole third. Uribe lined out to center. Butera struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Haren pitching for Dodgers. Montero grounded out to second. Ross grounded out to second. Prado singled to shallow left. Trumbo fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Haren grounded out to second. Gordon lined out to second. Crawford grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Haren pitching for Dodgers. Owings popped out to third. Cahill grounded out to shortstop. Parra grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez struck out looking. Gonzalez flied out to center. Kemp struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Haren pitching for Dodgers. Hill reached on infield single to third. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hill out at second. Wilson pitching for Dodgers. Goldschmidt to second on fielder's indifference. Montero walked. Ross struck out looking. Prado doubled to right center, Goldschmidt and Montero scored. Trumbo singled to right, Prado to third. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to second, Trumbo out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier flied out to center. Uribe struck out swinging. Butera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Campana hit for Cahill. Campana grounded out to second. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Hill singled to right. Hill to second on fielder's indifference. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Dodgers 8.	Ethier's HR propels Dodgers over Diamondbacks