Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Hammel pitching for Cubs. Campana grounded out to shortstop. Prado lined out to right. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Valbuena flied out to left. Ruggiano singled to left. Rizzo walked, Ruggiano to second. Schierholtz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rizzo out at second, Ruggiano to third. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schierholtz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Hammel pitching for Cubs. Chavez grounded out to second. Ross flied out to right. Parra lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Olt struck out swinging. Lake struck out swinging. Baker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Hammel pitching for Cubs. Owings reached on infield single to first. Gosewisch grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Owings out at second. McCarthy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Hammel struck out swinging. Valbuena doubled to deep center. Ruggiano popped out to second. Rizzo walked. Schierholtz singled to center, Valbuena scored, Rizzo to third. Castro flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Hammel pitching for Cubs. Campana grounded out to third. Prado reached on infield single to shortstop. Goldschmidt lined into double play, shortstop to first, Prado doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Olt flied out to center. Lake singled to center. Lake stole second. Baker struck out swinging. Hammel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Hammel pitching for Cubs. Chavez struck out swinging. Ross struck out looking. Parra singled to left. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Valbuena singled to right. Ruggiano grounded out to third, Valbuena to second. Rizzo safe at first on error by second baseman Prado, Valbuena to third. Schierholtz hit sacrifice fly to right, Valbuena scored. Castro singled to right, Rizzo to second. Olt homered to right center (396 feet), Rizzo and Castro scored. Lake flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Hammel pitching for Cubs. Gosewisch homered to left center (382 feet). Hill hit for McCarthy. Hill flied out to right. Campana grounded out to second. Prado popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Baker flied out to left. Hammel struck out swinging. Valbuena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Hammel pitching for Cubs. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Chavez flied out to left. Ross struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruggiano struck out swinging. Rizzo lined out to center. Schierholtz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Grimm pitching for Cubs. Parra struck out swinging. Owings grounded out to shortstop. Gosewisch grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Castro doubled to deep left. Olt struck out swinging. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Lake struck out swinging. Baker walked. Kalish hit for Grimm. Kalish reached on infield single to pitcher, Castro to third, Baker to second. Valbuena walked, Castro scored, Baker to third, Kalish to second. Ruggiano singled to right, Baker and Kalish scored, Valbuena to third. Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks. Rizzo reached on infield single to third, Valbuena scored, Ruggiano tagged out at third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Parker pitching for Cubs. Pennington hit for Thatcher. Pennington singled to center. Campana grounded out to first, Pennington to second. Prado fouled out to first. Goldschmidt singled to right, Pennington scored. Chavez flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 2 - Cubs 9.	Hammel, Olt lead Cubs past D-backs