Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Parra struck out swinging. Prado singled to left. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Prado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera struck out swinging. Denorfia grounded out to third. Smith grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Montero homered to right center (425 feet). Hill flied out to left. Owings doubled to right. Al Marte doubled to deep right, Owings scored. Inciarte struck out swinging. McCarthy struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Grandal grounded out to catcher. Gyorko lined out to first. Alonso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Parra struck out swinging. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third. Montero reached on infield single to catcher, Goldschmidt to second. Hill walked, Goldschmidt to third, Montero to second. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Maybin walked. Peterson flied into double play, left to second to first, Maybin doubled off first. Kennedy singled to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Al Marte struck out looking. Inciarte flied out to right. McCarthy singled to right. Parra singled to right, McCarthy to second. Prado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Denorfia struck out looking. Smith hit ground rule double to left. Grandal grounded out to first, Smith to third. Gyorko grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt flied out to center. Montero singled to center. Hill singled to center, Montero to second. Owings singled to left, Montero scored, Hill to second. Al Marte struck out swinging. Inciarte struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Alonso grounded out to first. Maybin grounded out to first. Peterson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Roach pitching for Padres. Amarista at third base. McCarthy struck out swinging. Parra grounded out to second. Prado grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Amarista flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to second. Denorfia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Roach pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Montero grounded out to second. Hill walked. Owings singled to center, Hill to third. Al Marte reached on infield single to shortstop, Hill scored, Owings to second. Inciarte struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith doubled to deep center. Grandal struck out swinging. Gyorko lined out to left. Alonso grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Benoit pitching for Padres. Pennington hit for McCarthy. Pennington grounded out to first. Parra struck out swinging. Prado flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks. Maybin singled to center. Hundley hit for Benoit. Hundley singled to left center, Maybin to second. Nady hit for Amarista. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Nady grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hundley out at second, Maybin to third. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Alonso at third base. Torres pitching for Padres. Nady at first base. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to second. Montero grounded into fielder's choice to second, Goldschmidt out at second. Hill struck out swinging. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Denorfia grounded out to second. Smith reached on infield single to third. Grandal doubled to deep right center, Smith scored. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Gyorko homered to left center (418 feet), Grandal scored. Alonso grounded out to first. Maybin doubled to deep left. Venable hit for Torres. Venable walked. Nady flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Padres 3.	McCarthy's strong outing lifts D'Backs over Padres