Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Parra grounded out to second. Prado lined out to second. Goldschmidt singled to right. Montero singled to center, Goldschmidt to third. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Montero out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks. Gomez reached on bunt single to first. Gennett grounded into fielder's choice to right, Gomez safe at third on error by second baseman Prado. Lucroy grounded into double play, second to first, Gennett out at second, Gomez scores. Overbay grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Chavez grounded out to second. Pollock doubled to deep right. Pennington singled to left, Pollock to third. Arroyo sacrificed to pitcher, Pennington to second. Parra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Gindl grounded out to first. Segura singled to center. Segura caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Schafer batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Prado singled to left. Goldschmidt homered to left (388 feet), Prado scored. Montero grounded out to third. Ross struck out looking. Chavez singled to left center. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to third, Chavez out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks. Schafer struck out swinging. Peralta grounded out to pitcher. Gomez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Pennington struck out swinging. Arroyo popped out to second. Parra singled to right. Prado popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks. Gennett singled to left. Lucroy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gennett out at second. Overbay grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Montero grounded out to third. Ross singled to center. Chavez singled to left center, Ross to second. Pollock flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds popped out to first. Gindl walked. Segura flied out to center. Schafer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gindl out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Pennington flied out to left. Arroyo struck out swinging. Parra singled to center. Prado popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Davis hit for Peralta. Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks. Davis lined out to center. Gomez reached on bunt single to third. Gennett grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Gomez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Thornburg pitching for Brewers. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Montero doubled to deep left center. Ross flied out to right, Montero to third. Chavez walked. Pollock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks. Lucroy struck out swinging. Overbay lined out to center. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Pennington flied out to right. Arroyo singled to center. Arroyo to third on wild pitch by Smith. Parra safe at first on error by first baseman Overbay, Arroyo scored. Prado lined out to left. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Parra out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Inciarte in left field. Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks. Gindl singled to left. Segura popped out to second. Schafer walked, Gindl to second. Weeks hit for Smith. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Weeks singled to left, Gindl to third, Schafer to second. Gomez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Weeks out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Brewers. Montero lined out to right. Inciarte struck out looking. Chavez singled to right. Chavez stole second. Pollock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Gennett doubled to left. Lucroy lined out to right, Gennett to third. Overbay hit sacrifice fly to center, Gennett scored. Reynolds struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Brewers 2.	Arroyo helps lift Diamondbacks over Brewers 3-2