Brewers - Top 1st. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Gennett struck out swinging. Braun lined out to second. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt singled to right. Montero singled to right, Goldschmidt to third. Hill struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez singled to right. Davis tripled to deep right center, Ramirez scored. Reynolds walked. Segura grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Davis scored, Reynolds out at second. Herrera singled to right. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Herrera out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Peralta singled to right. Owings singled to center, Peralta to second. Kieschnick singled to center, Peralta scored, Owings to third, Kieschnick to second advancing on throw. McCarthy singled to right center, Owings and Kieschnick scored. Parra grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McCarthy out at second. Prado singled to right. Goldschmidt fouled out to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Gennett homered to right center (441 feet). Braun singled to right. Lucroy singled to center, Braun to second. Ramirez lined into double play, right to shortstop, Braun doubled off second. Davis grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Montero struck out swinging. Hill lined out to center. Peralta singled to center. Owings lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Herrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Kieschnick struck out swinging. McCarthy struck out swinging. Parra flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Gennett lined out to center. Braun grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Prado lined out to right. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Montero popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Lucroy grounded out to pitcher. Ramirez singled to center. Davis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Hill flied out to center. Peralta lined out to center. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds grounded out to second. Segura lined out to center. Herrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Kieschnick singled to center. McCarthy sacrificed to first, Kieschnick to second. Parra hit by pitch. Prado grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Overbay hit for Peralta. Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks. Weeks hit for Overbay. Weeks struck out looking. Gennett popped out to shortstop. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Braun walked. Lucroy walked, Braun to second. Braun to third on wild pitch by Harris. Ramirez doubled to left, Braun and Lucroy scored. Davis singled to shallow left, Ramirez scored. Davis caught stealing second, catcher to second. Reynolds batting. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Goldschmidt singled to right. Montero struck out swinging. Hill grounded into double play, second to first, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds popped out to second. Segura grounded out to third. Herrera doubled to right center. Maldonado hit for Smith. Maldonado hit by pitch. Herrera stole third. Gennett singled to right center, Herrera scored, Maldonado to second. Maldonado to third, Gennett to second on wild pitch by Putz. Braun tripled to deep right center, Maldonado and Gennett scored. Lucroy popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Duke pitching for Brewers. Maldonado catching. Peralta struck out swinging. Owings singled to right. Kieschnick struck out looking. Ross hit for Putz. Ross lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 9 - Diamondbacks 3.	Brewers score 6 late to beat D-backs 9-3