Brewers - Top 1st. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. Gennett grounded out to third. Braun struck out looking. Lucroy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Gregorius hit by pitch. Parra singled to center, Gregorius to second. Goldschmidt walked, Gregorius to third, Parra to second. Montero singled to left, Gregorius scored, Parra to third, Goldschmidt to second. Prado grounded into fielder's choice to second, Parra scored, Montero out at second, Goldschmidt to third. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to first, Goldschmidt scored, Prado out at second. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Peralta out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez homered to left (425 feet). Davis grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds struck out swinging. Segura tripled to deep right. Herrera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Kieschnick popped out to shortstop. Bolsinger fouled out to right. Gregorius lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. Lohse grounded out to shortstop. Gennett grounded out to second. Braun singled to center. Lucroy singled to center, Braun to second. Ramirez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Parra grounded out to first. Goldschmidt walked. Montero flied out to right. Prado lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. Davis struck out swinging. Reynolds grounded out to pitcher. Segura struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Peralta grounded out to first. Owings doubled to deep center. Kieschnick grounded out to first, Owings to third. Bolsinger grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. Herrera grounded out to second. Lohse struck out swinging. Gennett reached on infield single to shortstop. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gennett out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Gregorius flied out to center. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt walked. Montero safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Gennett, Goldschmidt to second. Prado singled to right center, Goldschmidt scored, Montero to third. Peralta struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 6th. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. Lucroy homered to left center (403 feet). Ramirez struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Owings hit by pitch. Kieschnick flied out to center. Bolsinger struck out looking. Gregorius struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. Segura tripled to deep center. Herrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Segura scored. Overbay hit for Lohse. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Overbay singled to right center. Gennett doubled to left, Overbay to third. Braun hit by pitch. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Lucroy homered to center (445 feet), Overbay, Gennett and Braun scored. Ramirez struck out looking. Davis struck out looking. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt lined out to center. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds struck out swinging. Segura popped out to second. Herrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Kintzler pitching for Brewers. Prado struck out looking. Peralta grounded out to first. Owings grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Weeks hit for Kintzler. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Weeks struck out looking. Gennett reached on infield single to third, Gennett to second on throwing error by third baseman Prado. Braun struck out swinging. Lucroy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Brewers. Kieschnick homered to right center (398 feet). Ross hit for Delgado. Ross singled to left. Gregorius struck out swinging. Parra singled to deep center, Ross to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Montero grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 7 - Diamondbacks 5.	Brewers' Lucroy belts 2, including key slam