Giants - Top 1st. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco flied out to left. Pence singled to deep right center. Posey singled to left, Pence to second. Sandoval singled to left center, Pence scored, Posey to second, Posey to third on error by left fielder Peralta. Morse grounded out to pitcher, Sandoval to second. Crawford walked. Colvin singled to left center, Posey and Sandoval scored, Crawford to second. Adrianza hit by pitch, Crawford to third, Colvin to second. Vogelsong grounded into fielder's choice to second, Adrianza out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Gregorius flied out to center. Parra struck out swinging. Goldschmidt lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco popped out to shortstop. Pence grounded out to third. Posey doubled to deep center. Sandoval singled to center, Posey scored. Morse singled to right, Sandoval to second. Crawford grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Hill doubled to deep right. Montero doubled to deep left, Hill scored. Prado grounded out to second, Montero to third. Peralta doubled to deep center, Montero scored. Inciarte grounded out to first, Peralta to third. McCarthy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Colvin grounded out to first. Adrianza grounded out to second. Vogelsong grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Gregorius grounded out to first. Parra grounded out to second. Goldschmidt walked. Hill lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco singled to center. Pence struck out swinging. Posey lined out to center. Sandoval singled to center, Blanco to second. Morse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Montero grounded out to second. Prado flied out to center. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford tripled to deep right center. Colvin grounded out to second, Crawford scored. Adrianza flied out to left. Vogelsong grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Arias at first base. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Inciarte grounded out to pitcher. Pacheco hit for McCarthy. Pacheco doubled to deep right. Gregorius walked. Parra flied out to left. Goldschmidt walked, Pacheco to third, Gregorius to second. Hill singled to right, Pacheco and Gregorius scored, Goldschmidt to third, Hill thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco flied out to center. Pence homered to left (441 feet). Posey grounded out to second. Sandoval grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Montero grounded out to shortstop. Prado struck out looking. Peralta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Arias fouled out to catcher. Crawford lined out to center. Colvin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. Ross hit for Delgado. Ross singled to center. Gregorius flied out to center. Parra reached on infield single to second, Ross to second. Machi pitching for Giants. Goldschmidt walked, Ross to third, Parra to second. Hill fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Stites pitching for Diamondbacks. Adrianza doubled to deep right. Panik hit for Machi. Panik walked. Blanco sacrificed to catcher, Adrianza to third, Panik to second. Pence walked. Posey lined out to shortstop. Sandoval flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Casilla pitching for Giants. Montero struck out swinging. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Peralta struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks. Arias flied out to center. Crawford struck out looking. Colvin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Romo pitching for Giants. Inciarte flied out to center. Kieschnick hit for Thatcher. Kieschnick doubled to deep center. Gregorius reached on infield single to shortstop. Parra grounded out to second, Kieschnick to third, Gregorius to second. Goldschmidt lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 6 - Diamondbacks 4.	Colvin's 3 RBIs help Giants snap 6-game skid