Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Inciarte lined out to right. Parra struck out swinging. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center. Montero walked. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Montero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Polanco doubled to deep right. Polanco to third on fielding error by right fielder Parra. Marte grounded out to shortstop, Polanco scored. McCutchen struck out swinging. Walker singled to right. Martin singled to left, Walker to second. Davis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Peralta walked. Prado struck out looking. Peralta to second on wild pitch by Morton. Gregorius walked. Anderson struck out looking. Inciarte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Alvarez singled to left. Mercer singled to center, Alvarez to second. Morton bunted into double play, catcher to third to second, Alvarez out at third, Mercer to second. Polanco homered to right (396 feet), Mercer scored. Marte struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt singled to center. Montero grounded out to catcher, Goldschmidt to second. Hill singled to center, Goldschmidt scored. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hill out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. McCutchen singled to center. Walker flied out to right. Martin walked, McCutchen to second. Davis flied out to center. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Prado grounded out to third. Gregorius grounded out to shortstop. Anderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer singled to right. Morton struck out bunting foul. Polanco walked, Mercer to second. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mercer out at third, Polanco to second, Polanco to third, Marte to second on throwing error by third baseman Prado. McCutchen walked. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Inciarte grounded out to first. Parra grounded out to third. Goldschmidt singled to center. Montero struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin doubled to deep center. Davis grounded out to second, Martin to third. Alvarez struck out swinging. Mercer intentionally walked. Morton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Hill flied out to center. Peralta singled to right center. Prado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Polanco struck out swinging. Marte walked. Marte stole second. McCutchen struck out swinging. Walker lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Wilson pitching for Pirates. Gregorius struck out looking. Ross hit for Delgado. Ross singled to left. Inciarte lined out to center. Parra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin lined out to second. Harrison hit for Davis. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez hit for Alvarez. Sanchez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Harrison at third base. Sanchez at first base. Watson pitching for Pirates. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Montero hit by pitch. Hill flied out to center. Peralta grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Stites pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer singled to center. Snider hit for Watson. Snider grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mercer out at second, Snider to second on throwing error by shortstop Gregorius. Polanco flied out to left. Marte doubled to deep right, Snider scored. McCutchen singled to center, Marte scored. Walker struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Marte in center field. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Snider in left field. Prado singled to right. Gregorius struck out swinging. Kieschnick hit for Stites. Kieschnick singled to center, Prado to second. Inciarte lined out to left. Parra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 1 - Pirates 5.	Polanco, Pirates beat Diamondbacks 5-1