Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Inciarte grounded out to pitcher. Peralta struck out looking. Goldschmidt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Polanco grounded out to third. Marte grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen singled to center. Walker struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Montero lined out to first. Hill lined out to shortstop. Evans lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Davis struck out looking. Alvarez singled to left. Alvarez caught stealing second, catcher to second. Mercer batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Kieschnick grounded out to pitcher. Gregorius grounded out to third. McCarthy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer doubled to left. Worley grounded out to first, Mercer to third. Polanco grounded out to shortstop, Mercer scored. Marte singled to center. Marte stole second. McCutchen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Inciarte lined out to second. Peralta grounded out to second. Goldschmidt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker doubled to right center. Martin singled to left, Walker to third. Davis singled to right, Walker scored, Martin to second. Alvarez grounded into double play, third to first, Martin out at third, Davis to second. Mercer intentionally walked. Worley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Montero walked. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Montero out at second. Evans popped out to second. Kieschnick grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Polanco singled to right center. Marte lined out to left. McCutchen struck out swinging. Polanco caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Walker batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Gregorius walked. McCarthy sacrificed to catcher, Gregorius to second. Inciarte singled to left center, Gregorius scored. Peralta homered to right (376 feet), Inciarte scored. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center. Montero struck out looking. Hill struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker lined out to shortstop. Martin struck out swinging. Davis walked. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison hit for Alvarez. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Harrison at third base. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Evans struck out looking. Kieschnick flied out to left. Gregorius singled to left center. Parra hit for Perez. Parra grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Parra in right field. Mercer struck out swinging. Snider hit for Worley. Snider struck out swinging. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Inciarte grounded out to second. Peralta singled to center. Peralta caught stealing second, catcher to second. Goldschmidt walked. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Prado at third base. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte grounded out to pitcher. McCutchen reached on infield single to shortstop. Walker grounded out to second, McCutchen to second. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Frieri pitching for Pirates. Hill singled to left. Prado singled to center, Hill to third. Ross hit for Ziegler. Ross doubled to center, Hill scored, Prado to third. Gregorius singled to center, Prado scored. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ross out at third, Gregorius to second. Inciarte singled to right, Gregorius to third, Parra to second. Gomez pitching for Pirates. Peralta singled to center, Gregorius and Parra scored, Inciarte to second, Inciarte to third on throwing error by center fielder McCutchen. Goldschmidt tripled to deep right, Inciarte and Peralta scored. Montero singled to center, Goldschmidt scored. Hill grounded out to pitcher, Montero to second. Prado grounded out to second. 7 Runs, 8 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Stites pitching for Diamondbacks. Davis popped out to third. Harrison singled to center. Harrison to second on fielder's indifference. Mercer walked. Sanchez hit for Gomez. Sanchez lined out to center. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 10 - Pirates 2.	Peralta has 4 RBIs, Diamondbacks beat Pirates