Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Harang pitching for Braves. Inciarte grounded out to second. Peralta singled to right. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right center, Peralta scored, Goldschmidt to third on throwing error by shortstop Simmons. Montero singled to center, Goldschmidt scored. Prado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Montero safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Simmons. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Montero to third, Prado out at second. Parra singled to right, Montero scored, Hill to third. Parra to second on passed ball by Bethancourt. Gregorius intentionally walked. Bolsinger grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. Upton tripled to deep right center. Simmons singled to center, Upton scored. Simmons to second on balk by Bolsinger. Freeman struck out swinging. Upton walked. Heyward grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Upton out at second, Simmons to third. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Harang pitching for Braves. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. Peralta grounded out to second. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. La Stella flied out to left. Bethancourt doubled to deep center. Harang struck out swinging. Upton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Harang pitching for Braves. Montero singled to right. Prado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Montero out at second. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. Simmons struck out swinging. Freeman doubled to deep center. Upton reached on infield single to third. Heyward singled to center, Freeman scored, Upton to third. Heyward caught stealing second, catcher to second to first. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Harang pitching for Braves. Parra grounded out to second. Gregorius flied out to center. Bolsinger flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Bolsinger pitching for Diamondbacks. La Stella singled to center. Bethancourt singled to right, La Stella to second. Harang sacrificed to third, La Stella to third, Bethancourt to second. Upton safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Gregorius, La Stella scored. Simmons doubled to deep left, Bethancourt and Upton scored. Freeman tripled to right, Simmons scored. Upton hit sacrifice fly to center, Freeman scored. Heyward walked. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson flied out to center. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Harang pitching for Braves. Inciarte homered to right (386 feet). Peralta lined out to left. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Montero grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. La Stella walked. La Stella to second on wild pitch by Delgado. Bethancourt grounded out to shortstop. Harang struck out looking. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Harang pitching for Braves. Prado singled to left. Hill grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Prado out at second. Parra singled to center. Gregorius popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Stites pitching for Diamondbacks. Simmons safe at first on error by first baseman Goldschmidt. Freeman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Simmons out at second. Upton homered to right (398 feet), Freeman scored. Heyward grounded out to second. Johnson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Ross hit for Stites. Harang pitching for Braves. Ross grounded out to shortstop. Inciarte grounded out to second. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. La Stella walked. Bethancourt singled to center, La Stella to second. Harang struck out looking. Upton singled to left, La Stella to third, Bethancourt to second. Simmons grounded out to third, La Stella scored, Bethancourt to third, Upton to second. Freeman flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Harang pitching for Braves. Goldschmidt flied out to right. Montero singled to right. Prado grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Montero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Upton lined out to shortstop. Heyward struck out swinging. Johnson walked. La Stella hit ground rule double to deep right, Johnson to third. Bethancourt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Simmons pitching for Braves. Hill flied out to left. Parra walked. Gregorius grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Braves 10.	Braves batter D-backs for ninth straight win