Tigers - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Jackson grounded out to third. Davis struck out swinging. Kinsler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Peralta struck out looking. Hill doubled to deep center. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Montero fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Martinez singled to right center. Kelly singled to right center, Martinez to third. Avila doubled to deep center, Martinez and Kelly scored. Romine lined out to right. Sanchez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Trumbo struck out looking. Parra reached on infield single to second. Prado grounded into double play, third to second to first, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Jackson grounded out to third. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Gregorius flied out to left. Cahill fouled out to first. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera singled to left. Martinez singled to right, Cabrera to second. Kelly singled to right, Cabrera to third, Martinez to second. Avila hit sacrifice fly to right, Cabrera scored. Romine safe at first on error by second baseman Hill, Martinez to third, Kelly to second. Sanchez struck out swinging. Jackson doubled to deep left, Martinez, Kelly and Romine scored. Davis singled to right center, Jackson scored. Davis stole second. Kinsler grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Hill walked. Goldschmidt singled to right, Hill to second. Montero grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Goldschmidt out at second, Hill to third. Trumbo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera walked. Martinez struck out swinging. Kelly struck out looking. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Parra doubled to deep center. Prado doubled to left, Parra scored. Gregorius homered to right (398 feet), Prado scored. De La Rosa struck out swinging. Peralta grounded out to second. Hill flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Romine grounded out to third. Sanchez lined out to first. Jackson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Goldschmidt singled to center. Goldschmidt stole second. Montero struck out swinging. Trumbo flied out to center. Parra singled to center, Goldschmidt scored. Prado grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Davis singled to center. Kinsler lined out to center. Cabrera flied out to center, Davis to second. Martinez intentionally walked. Kelly walked, Davis to third, Martinez to second. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Gregorius singled to center. Marte hit for De La Rosa. Gregorius stole second. Marte singled to left, Gregorius to third. Peralta singled to right, Gregorius scored, Marte to second. Hill flied out to center. Chamberlain pitching for Tigers. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peralta out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Stites pitching for Diamondbacks. Romine struck out looking. Chamberlain struck out swinging. Jackson doubled to deep right. Davis reached on infield single to second, Jackson to third. Kinsler singled to center, Jackson scored, Davis to third. Cabrera homered to left (356 feet), Davis and Kinsler scored. Martinez flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Montero singled to center. Trumbo struck out swinging. Parra struck out looking. Prado singled to right, Montero to second. Gregorius struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Kelly struck out swinging. Avila struck out swinging. Romine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Ahmed hit for Perez. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Ahmed popped out to second. Peralta fouled out to left. Hill flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 11 - Diamondbacks 5.	Tigers wear down Diamondbacks 11-5