Rockies - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon struck out swinging. Rutledge struck out swinging. Morneau hit by pitch. Arenado doubled to deep left, Morneau scored. Dickerson safe at first on error by pitcher Cahill, Arenado scored. Stubbs grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dickerson out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Inciarte flied out to left. Pennington singled to left. Pennington stole second. Peralta doubled to right, Pennington scored. Trumbo struck out swinging. Hill lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Culberson walked. De La Rosa struck out bunting foul. Blackmon lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Gosewisch flied out to right. Al Marte lined out to third. Gregorius flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Rutledge doubled to left. Morneau singled to right, Rutledge to third. Arenado hit sacrifice fly to left, Rutledge scored. Dickerson flied out to left. Stubbs struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Cahill popped out to second. Inciarte singled to center. Pennington doubled to right, Inciarte to third. Peralta popped out to third. Trumbo homered to left (419 feet), Inciarte and Pennington scored. Hill flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Culberson grounded out to shortstop. De La Rosa grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Gosewisch grounded out to shortstop. Marte grounded out to third. Gregorius struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon grounded out to first. Rutledge grounded out to shortstop. Morneau hit ground rule double to right. Arenado flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Cahill flied out to right. Inciarte doubled to left. Pennington grounded out to third. Peralta grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson grounded out to third. Stubbs struck out swinging. Rosario walked. Culberson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Trumbo lined out to second. Hill lined out to left. Gosewisch flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Barnes hit for De La Rosa. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Barnes struck out swinging. Blackmon lined out to left. Rutledge grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Marte homered to left (386 feet). Gregorius flied out to left. Paul hit for Cahill. Paul struck out swinging. Inciarte struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Paul in left field. Morneau struck out swinging. Arenado homered to left center (404 feet). Dickerson singled to right. Stubbs grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Dickerson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Pennington singled to right. Peralta singled to left center, Pennington to second. Pennington to third, Peralta to second on passed ball by Rosario. Trumbo reached on infield single to third, Pennington scored, Peralta scored, Trumbo to second on throwing error by third baseman Arenado. Trumbo to third on wild pitch by Kahnle. Hill hit sacrifice fly to right, Trumbo scored. Masset pitching for Rockies. Gosewisch doubled to right center, Gosewisch to third on error by center fielder Stubbs. Lamb hit for Ziegler. Lamb popped out to third. Gregorius singled to center, Gosewisch scored. Paul singled to left, Gregorius to second. Inciarte reached on infield single to shortstop, Gregorius to third, Paul to second. Pennington walked, Gregorius scored, Paul to third, Inciarte to second. Peralta homered to right center (433 feet), Paul, Inciarte and Pennington scored. Trumbo struck out swinging. 9 Runs, 8 Hits, 2 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Stites pitching for Diamondbacks. Lamb at third base. Rosario grounded out to pitcher. Culberson struck out swinging. McKenry hit for Masset. McKenry lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Diamondbacks 14.	Diamondbacks rout Rockies 14-4