Rockies - Top 1st. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson grounded out to second. Barnes grounded out to third. Arenado singled to center. Rosario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Morales pitching for Rockies. Inciarte reached on infield single to first. Hill walked, Inciarte to second. Peralta struck out looking. Trumbo doubled to deep right, Inciarte and Hill scored. Marte flied out to left. Lamb grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Stubbs walked. Paulsen homered to right center (409 feet), Stubbs scored. Culberson struck out swinging. LeMahieu grounded out to first. Morales struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Morales pitching for Rockies. Gosewisch lined out to center. Gregorius walked. Miley sacrificed to catcher, Gregorius to second. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson struck out looking. Barnes singled to right. Arenado walked, Barnes to second. Rosario grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Arenado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Morales pitching for Rockies. Hill lined out to shortstop. Peralta grounded out to second. Trumbo lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Stubbs flied out to right. Paulsen struck out swinging. Culberson reached on infield single to third. LeMahieu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Morales pitching for Rockies. Marte singled to left. Lamb singled to left, Marte to second. Gosewisch safe at first on error by pitcher Morales, Marte to third, Lamb to second. Gregorius fouled out to first. Miley grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Marte out at home, Lamb to third, Gosewisch to second, Lamb scored, Gosewisch to third, Miley to second on throwing error by catcher Rosario. Inciarte flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Morales bunt grounded out to catcher. Dickerson grounded out to second. Barnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Morales pitching for Rockies. Hill flied out to center. Peralta lined out to right. Trumbo lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Rosario homered to right center (397 feet). Stubbs struck out swinging. Paulsen struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Morales pitching for Rockies. Marte popped out to shortstop. Lamb struck out swinging. Gosewisch singled to center. Gregorius lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Culberson grounded out to first. LeMahieu flied out to right. Blackmon hit for Morales. Blackmon flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Logan pitching for Rockies. Pacheco hit for Delgado. Pacheco singled to center. Inciarte grounded out to first, Pacheco to second. Pacheco to third on wild pitch by Logan. Hill struck out swinging. Peralta grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson grounded out to first. Barnes singled to center. Arenado struck out swinging. Rosario grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Trumbo struck out looking. Marte struck out looking. Lamb singled to center. Gosewisch struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Stubbs popped out to shortstop. Paulsen grounded out to shortstop. Culberson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Gregorius walked. Paul hit for Reed. Paul bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gregorius out at second. Inciarte walked, Paul to second. Hill singled to left, Paul to third, Inciarte to second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Paul out at home, Inciarte to third, Hill to second. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Rutledge at shortstop. Trumbo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 10th. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu struck out looking. Rutledge struck out swinging. Dickerson homered to right center (402 feet). Barnes reached on bunt single to second. Arenado hit by pitch, Barnes to second. Rosario singled to center, Barnes scored, Arenado to third, Rosario to second advancing on throw. Stubbs intentionally walked. Paulsen lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Marte struck out looking. Lamb struck out swinging. Gosewisch struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 5 - Diamondbacks 3.	Rockies outlast Diamondbacks in 10