Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Inciarte singled to right. Pennington singled to left, Inciarte to second. Peralta singled to center, Inciarte thrown out at home, Pennington to second. Pennington stole third. Peralta stole second. Trumbo hit sacrifice fly to center, Pennington scored, Peralta to third. Montero grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Yelich struck out looking. Solano grounded out to second. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Hill grounded out to second. Lamb struck out swinging. Paul lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. McGehee struck out looking. Baker safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Lamb. Ozuna struck out swinging. Hechavarria singled to center, Baker to third, Hechavarria to second on throwing error by center fielder Inciarte. Mathis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 3 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Miley grounded out to shortstop. Inciarte struck out swinging. Pennington walked. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Alvarez grounded out to shortstop. Yelich grounded out to first. Solano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Trumbo reached on infield single to second. Montero lined out to left. Hill struck out swinging. Lamb doubled to left, Trumbo to third. Paul grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Stanton reached on infield single to third. McGehee lined out to center. Baker tripled to deep right center, Stanton scored. Ozuna walked. Hechavarria struck out swinging. Mathis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Miley grounded out to second. Inciarte grounded out to second. Pennington flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Alvarez grounded out to pitcher. Yelich struck out looking. Solano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Peralta grounded out to first. Trumbo struck out swinging. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Stanton grounded out to pitcher. McGehee flied out to left. Baker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Hill grounded out to second. Lamb grounded out to second. Paul grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Ozuna singled to center. Hechavarria grounded out to second, Ozuna to third. Mathis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ozuna scored. Johnson hit for Alvarez. Johnson flied into double play, right to first, Mathis doubled off first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Pacheco hit for Miley. Pacheco grounded out to second. Inciarte singled to center. Pennington grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Inciarte out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Yelich singled to left. Solano struck out looking. Stanton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Yelich out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Peralta struck out swinging. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 1 - Marlins 2.	Alvarez makes successful return in Marlins' win