Dodgers - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon grounded out to second. Puig walked. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Puig out at second. Gonzalez to second on passed ball by Montero. Kemp homered to left (388 feet), Gonzalez scored. Ramirez flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Inciarte grounded out to second. Hill singled to left. Peralta singled to center, Hill to second. Trumbo struck out looking. Montero lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford grounded out to second. Turner struck out swinging. Ellis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Marte hit by pitch. Lamb struck out swinging. Gregorius singled to deep right center, Marte to third. Cahill sacrificed to first, Gregorius to second. Inciarte singled to left center, Marte and Gregorius scored, Inciarte to second advancing on throw. Hill lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernandez grounded out to pitcher. Gordon grounded out to first. Puig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Peralta singled to deep center. Trumbo flied out to center. Montero flied out to center. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez walked. Kemp walked, Gonzalez to second. Ramirez struck out looking. Crawford singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Kemp to third. Turner singled to center, Kemp scored, Crawford to second. Ellis singled to center, Crawford scored, Turner to third. Hernandez reached on bunt single to pitcher, Turner scored, Ellis to second. Gordon singled to right center, Ellis scored, Hernandez to second. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Puig walked, Hernandez to third, Gordon to second. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center, Hernandez scored, Gordon to third. Puig stole second. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Lamb walked. Gregorius grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Lamb out at second. Delgado sacrificed to catcher, Gregorius to second. Inciarte singled to right, Gregorius scored. Inciarte stole second. Hill grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez lined out to right. Crawford struck out swinging. Turner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Peralta walked. Trumbo lined out to right. Montero grounded out to first, Peralta to second. Peralta to third on passed ball by Ellis. Marte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellis singled to left center. Hernandez struck out bunting foul. Gordon singled to center, Ellis to second. Puig fouled out to first. Gonzalez singled to right, Ellis thrown out at home, Gordon to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Lamb flied out to center. Gregorius struck out swinging. Delgado popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Kemp fouled out to right. Ramirez singled to left. Crawford singled to left center, Ramirez to second. Turner singled to left center, Ramirez scored, Crawford to second, Crawford to third advancing on throw. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellis struck out swinging. Ethier hit for Hernandez. Ethier grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Rojas at shortstop. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Inciarte grounded out to first. Hill flied out to center. Peralta struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon singled to left center. Puig struck out looking. Gonzalez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. League pitching for Dodgers. Trumbo singled to deep center. Trumbo to second on wild pitch by League. Montero grounded out to second, Trumbo to third. Marte hit ground rule double to deep left center, Trumbo scored. Lamb walked. Wright pitching for Dodgers. Gregorius grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lamb out at second, Marte to third. Pennington hit for Harris. Pennington grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Kemp singled to left. Rojas grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kemp out at second. Crawford flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Inciarte flied out to left. Hill walked. Hill to second on fielder's indifference. Peralta struck out swinging. Trumbo singled to left center, Hill scored. Trumbo to second on fielder's indifference. Montero struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 9 - Diamondbacks 5.	Dodgers get back 2 outs to spur win