Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Gibson pitching for Twins. Inciarte grounded out to second. Pollock struck out looking. Lamb grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Schafer struck out swinging. Dozier struck out swinging. Mauer hit by pitch. Plouffe singled to right center, Mauer to third. Arcia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Trumbo struck out swinging. Montero grounded out to first. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Pinto walked. Nunez popped out to second. Hicks singled to center, Pinto to second. Escobar singled to right, Pinto scored, Hicks to third, Escobar to second advancing on throw. Schafer struck out swinging. Dozier intentionally walked. Parmelee hit for Mauer. Parmelee singled to left, Hicks and Escobar scored, Dozier to third, Parmelee out stretching at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Parmelee at first base. Gibson pitching for Twins. Ross struck out looking. Gregorius lined out to center. Gosewisch singled to center. Inciarte reached on bunt single to third, Gosewisch to second. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Inciarte out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Plouffe singled to left center. Arcia grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Plouffe out at second. Pinto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Lamb doubled to right. Trumbo struck out swinging. Montero lined out to right. Owings singled to center, Lamb scored. Owings picked off first. Ross batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Nunez doubled to center. Hicks singled to left, Nunez scored. Spruill pitching for Diamondbacks. Escobar popped out to third. Schafer singled to right, Hicks to second. Dozier struck out looking. Parmelee lined out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Ross flied out to center. Gregorius singled to center. Gosewisch grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Gregorius out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Spruill pitching for Diamondbacks. Plouffe singled to center. Arcia singled to right, Plouffe to third. Pinto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Plouffe scored, Arcia out at second. Nunez reached on infield single to third. Nunez stole second. Hicks grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Inciarte singled to center. Pollock flied out to right. Lamb flied out to center. Trumbo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Spruill pitching for Diamondbacks. Escobar flied out to center. Schafer grounded out to second. Dozier lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Montero popped out to shortstop. Owings struck out swinging. Ross singled to left. Gregorius struck out swinging, Gregorius safe at first on wild pitch by Gibson, Ross to second. Gosewisch flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Spruill pitching for Diamondbacks. Parmelee hit by pitch. Plouffe singled to left center, Parmelee to second. Arcia flied out to center, Parmelee to third. Pinto hit sacrifice fly to left, Parmelee scored. Nunez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Plouffe out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Fien pitching for Twins. Inciarte singled to center. Pollock reached on infield single to second, Inciarte to second. Lamb flied out to center, Inciarte to third, Pollock to second. Trumbo grounded out to first, Inciarte scored, Pollock to third. Duensing pitching for Twins. Montero grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Stites pitching for Diamondbacks. Hicks lined out to left. Escobar grounded out to second. Schafer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Burton pitching for Twins. Owings struck out swinging. Ross walked. Gregorius struck out swinging. Gosewisch safe at first on error by third baseman Nunez, Ross to second. Inciarte singled to left center, Ross scored, Gosewisch to second. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gosewisch out at third, Inciarte to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Twins 6.	Gibson sharp  in Twins' 6-3 win over Diamondbacks