Nationals - Top 1st. Correia pitching for Pirates. Espinosa struck out swinging. Ankiel bunt grounded out to catcher. Werth grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Marquis pitching for Nationals. McCutchen doubled to deep left. Tabata grounded out to first, McCutchen to third. Overbay walked. Walker singled to left, McCutchen scored, Overbay to second. Jones flied out to left. Alvarez reached on infield single to shortstop, Overbay to third, Walker to second. Snyder grounded into fielder's choice to third, Walker out at third, Alvarez to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Correia pitching for Pirates. LaRoche grounded out to second. Morse singled to right. Hairston Jr. singled to left, Morse to second. Rodriguez grounded out to second, Morse to third, Hairston Jr. to second. Cora grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Cedeno grounded out to second. Correia flied out to center. McCutchen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Correia pitching for Pirates. Marquis singled to center. Espinosa singled to center, Marquis to third. Espinosa stole second. Ankiel walked. Werth grounded into fielder's choice to third, Marquis out at home, Espinosa to third, Ankiel to second. LaRoche grounded out to first, Espinosa scored, Ankiel to third, Werth to second. Morse homered to left center (411 feet), Ankiel and Werth scored. Hairston Jr. singled to left. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hairston Jr. out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Tabata singled to right center. Overbay grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Tabata out at second. Walker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Correia pitching for Pirates. Cora flied out to center. Marquis singled to center. Espinosa singled to right, Marquis to second. Ankiel grounded out to second, Marquis to third, Espinosa to second. Werth grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Jones walked. Alvarez doubled to deep right, Jones to third. Snyder hit sacrifice fly to left, Jones scored. Cedeno doubled to deep center, Alvarez scored. Correia sacrificed to pitcher, Cedeno to third. McCutchen grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Correia pitching for Pirates. LaRoche homered to right (407 feet). Morse singled to center. Morse caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Hairston Jr. struck out swinging. Rodriguez singled to left. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Cora grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. Overbay singled to center. Walker singled to center, Overbay to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to first, Walker out at second, Overbay to third. Alvarez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Marquis grounded out to second. Espinosa singled to right. Espinosa picked off first. Ankiel lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Snyder safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Hairston Jr.. Cedeno popped out to second. Bowker hit for McCutchen. Bowker struck out swinging. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Snyder out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 7th. Crotta pitching for Pirates. Werth grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche struck out swinging. Morse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Nix in left field. Tabata flied out to left. Overbay flied out to center. Walker singled to left. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Crotta pitching for Pirates. Hairston Jr. grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez singled to right. Cora grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez out at second. Nix doubled to deep center, Cora scored. Espinosa flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Alvarez struck out swinging. Snyder singled to left. Cedeno grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Snyder out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Veras pitching for Pirates. Ankiel grounded out to second. Werth struck out looking. LaRoche singled to left center. Stairs hit for Clippard. Stairs struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Diaz hit for Veras. Diaz struck out swinging. McCutchen reached on infield single to third, McCutchen to second on throwing error by third baseman Hairston Jr..A McCutchen to third on throwing error by second baseman Espinosa. Tabata flied out to right, McCutchen thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Final score: Nationals 6 - Pirates 3.	Nationals beat Pirates to end three-game skid