Nationals - Top 1st. Richard Worley pitching for Phillies. Espinosa struck out looking. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Werth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Rollins singled to center. Victorino popped out to shortstop. Polanco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rollins out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Richard Worley pitching for Phillies. LaRoche struck out looking. Ramos hit ground rule double to right. Nix flied out to center. Hairston Jr. popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Howard struck out swinging. Francisco struck out swinging. Ibanez singled to right center. Schneider grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Richard Worley pitching for Phillies. Cora singled to center. Marquis struck out swinging. Espinosa flied out to center. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Valdez lined out to first. Worley grounded out to second. Rollins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Richard Worley pitching for Phillies. Werth grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche struck out looking. Ramos grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Victorino grounded out to second. Polanco singled to left center. Howard grounded into fielder's choice to second, Polanco out at second. Francisco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Richard Worley pitching for Phillies. Nix grounded out to pitcher. Hairston Jr. flied out to right. Cora singled to center. Marquis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Ibanez homered to right center (404 feet). Schneider singled to shallow right. Valdez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schneider out at second. Worley singled to left center, Valdez to second. Rollins walked, Valdez to third, Worley to second. Victorino singled to left, Valdez scored, Worley to third, Rollins to second. Polanco hit sacrifice fly to left, Worley scored. Howard lined out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Richard Worley pitching for Phillies. Espinosa hit by pitch. Desmond grounded out to shortstop, Espinosa to second. Werth struck out swinging. LaRoche doubled to deep left center, Espinosa scored. Ramos grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Francisco walked. Ibanez singled to right, Francisco to second. Schneider singled to shallow right, Francisco to third, Ibanez to second. Valdez singled to shallow left, Francisco scored, Ibanez to third, Schneider to second. Broderick pitching for Nationals. Gload hit for Worley. Gload struck out swinging. Rollins singled to center, Ibanez scored, Schneider to third, Valdez to second. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Schneider scored, Rollins out at second, Valdez to third, Valdez scored, Victorino to second on throwing error by shortstop Desmond. Polanco lined out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 7th. Romero pitching for Phillies. Nix struck out swinging. Hairston Jr. popped out to second. Cora singled to left center. Bixler hit for Broderick. Bixler grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Howard grounded out to shortstop. Francisco fouled out to first. Ibanez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Stutes pitching for Phillies. Espinosa flied out to left. Desmond struck out swinging. Werth singled to shallow center. Werth to second on fielder's indifference. LaRoche walked. Ramos fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Coffey pitching for Nationals. Schneider grounded out to first. Valdez flied out to left. Martinez hit for Stutes. Martinez walked. Rollins grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Phillies. Nix singled to center. Hairston Jr. struck out looking. Cora struck out looking. Stairs hit for Coffey. Stairs singled to right, Nix to third. Stairs to second on fielder's indifference. Espinosa homered to right center (409 feet), Nix and Stairs scored. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 4 - Phillies 7.	Phillies top Nationals