Pirates - Top 1st. Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals. Presley flied out to center. D'Arnaud singled to right. D'Arnaud stole second. McCutchen walked. Diaz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McCutchen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Bernadina singled to left. Werth singled to center, Bernadina to second. Zimmerman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Werth out at second, Bernadina to third. Nix walked. Morse grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nix out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals. Overbay popped out to shortstop. Cedeno grounded out to shortstop. Harrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Espinosa lined out to third. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals. McKenry reached on infield single to shortstop. Morton sacrificed to catcher, McKenry to second, Morton safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Gorzelanny. McKenry to third on throwing error by pitcher Gorzelanny. Presley grounded out to first, McKenry scored, Morton to second. D'Arnaud struck out swinging. McCutchen safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Morse, Morton to third. Diaz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Gorzelanny walked. Bernadina grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop, Gorzelanny out at second. Werth popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals. Overbay flied out to center. Cedeno singled to right. Harrison grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cedeno out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Zimmerman popped out to second. Nix struck out swinging. Morse flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals. McKenry flied out to left. Morton struck out swinging. Presley doubled to deep right. D'Arnaud popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Espinosa flied out to left. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Desmond safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cedeno. Gorzelanny grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 6th. Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals. McCutchen doubled to left. Diaz grounded out to shortstop, McCutchen to third. Overbay struck out swinging. Cedeno struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Bernadina homered to right center (396 feet). Werth grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman lined out to third. Watson pitching for Pirates. Nix walked. Morse struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals. Harrison singled to center. McKenry sacrificed to pitcher, Harrison to second. Wood hit for Watson. Wood struck out swinging. Presley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Espinosa struck out swinging. Ramos walked. Desmond grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramos out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. D'Arnaud flied out to center. McCutchen flied out to center. Jones hit for Diaz. Jones popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Jones in right field. Ankiel hit for Clippard. Moskos pitching for Pirates. Ankiel singled to right. Bernadina sacrificed to first, Ankiel to second, Bernadina safe at first on error by second baseman Harrison. Resop pitching for Pirates. Werth struck out looking. Zimmerman struck out looking. Nix struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 9th. Bernadina in left field. Storen pitching for Nationals. Ankiel in center field. Overbay lined out to center. Cedeno grounded out to second. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Wood pitching for Pirates. Walker at second base. Morse singled to center. Morse to second on wild pitch by Wood. Espinosa intentionally walked. Cora ran for Morse. Ramos flied out to right, Cora to third. Stairs hit for Desmond. Stairs singled to deep right, Cora scored, Espinosa to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 1 - Nationals 2.	Nationals edge Pirates on Stairs' walk-off single