Pirates - Top 1st. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Presley singled to left. D'Arnaud grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Presley safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Marquis. Jones popped out to third. McCutchen singled to left, Presley scored, D'Arnaud to second. D'Arnaud stole third. Walker singled to left, D'Arnaud scored, McCutchen to third. Overbay singled to right center, McCutchen scored, Walker to third. Wood popped out to shortstop. McKenry flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Correia pitching for Pirates. Bernadina grounded out to shortstop. Espinosa grounded out to second. Zimmerman singled to center. Stairs reached on infield single to shortstop, Zimmerman to second. Werth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Marquis pitching for Nationals. Correia singled to left. Presley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Correia out at second. D'Arnaud singled to left, Presley to third. Jones doubled to deep center, Presley and D'Arnaud scored. McCutchen doubled to deep right center, Jones scored. Balester pitching for Nationals. Walker singled to shallow right, McCutchen scored, Walker to second advancing on throw. Overbay doubled to deep right center, Walker scored. Wood grounded out to shortstop, Overbay to third. McKenry struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Correia pitching for Pirates. Ankiel singled to center. Ramos homered to left center (391 feet), Ankiel scored. Desmond struck out swinging. Balester grounded out to second. Bernadina doubled to deep right. Espinosa grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Balester pitching for Nationals. Correia struck out looking. Presley fouled out to third. D'Arnaud doubled to deep left. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Correia pitching for Pirates. Zimmerman walked. Stairs flied out to center. Werth flied out to center. Ankiel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Balester pitching for Nationals. McCutchen flied out to left. Walker flied out to left. Overbay walked. Wood grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Overbay out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Correia pitching for Pirates. Ramos doubled to right. Desmond grounded out to second, Ramos to third. Balester grounded out to third. Bernadina flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Balester pitching for Nationals. McKenry struck out swinging. Correia struck out looking. Presley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Correia pitching for Pirates. Espinosa struck out looking. Zimmerman flied out to center. Stairs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Balester pitching for Nationals. D'Arnaud grounded out to second. Jones walked. McCutchen singled to right, Jones to second. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Cora at first base. Walker singled to center, Jones to third, McCutchen to second. Overbay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones scored, McCutchen to third, Walker safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Desmond. Wood flied out to right. McKenry walked, McCutchen scored, Walker to third, Overbay to second. Correia flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Correia pitching for Pirates. Werth hit by pitch. Bixler ran for Werth. Ankiel struck out swinging. Ramos flied out to center. Desmond popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Bixler in right field. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Presley grounded out to second. D'Arnaud flied out to right. Jones flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Moskos pitching for Pirates. Cora doubled to center. Bernadina flied out to center, Cora to third. Espinosa struck out looking. Zimmerman walked. Nix hit for Rodriguez. Nix flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Bernadina in right field. Coffey pitching for Nationals. Nix in left field. Bixler at third base. McCutchen flied out to center. Walker flied out to center. Overbay singled to left. Wood lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Moskos pitching for Pirates. Bixler grounded out to third. Ankiel struck out swinging. Ramos flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Coffey pitching for Nationals. McKenry singled to right. Paul hit for Moskos. Paul grounded into double play, second to first, McKenry out at second. Presley singled to right center. D'Arnaud flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Harrison at second base. Leroux pitching for Pirates. Paul in center field. Desmond struck out swinging. Cora popped out to shortstop. Bernadina singled to right center. Espinosa doubled to right center, Bernadina to third. Rodriguez hit for Coffey. Rodriguez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 10 - Nationals 2.	Pirates' Correia gets 11th win