Brewers - Top 1st . Bieber pitching for Indians . Gamel struck out swinging . Hiura grounded out to third . Yelich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Hernández lined out to center . Ramírez walked . Lindor grounded out to third , Ramírez to second . Santana doubled to deep left , Ramírez scored . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Bieber pitching for Indians . Vogelbach lined out to left . Arcia struck out swinging . Urías struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Luplow flied out to right . Pérez struck out swinging . Naquin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Bieber pitching for Indians . Peterson struck out looking . Taylor struck out looking . Nottingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Mercado grounded out to third . Hernández grounded out to second . Ramírez singled to center . Ramírez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Brett Anderson pitches to Francisco Lindor . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Bieber pitching for Indians . Gamel grounded out to second . Hiura grounded out to third . Yelich walked . Vogelbach singled to right , Yelich to third . Arcia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vogelbach out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Lindor reached on infield single to shortstop . Santana grounded out to shortstop , Lindor to second . Reyes lined out to center , Lindor to third . Luplow reached on infield single to first , Lindor scored . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Luplow out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Bieber pitching for Indians . Urías reached on infield single to first . Peterson singled to right , Urías to third . Taylor struck out swinging . Nottingham reached on infield single to second , Urías scored , Peterson to 2nd . Gamel singled to left , Nottingham to second , Peterson to third . Hiura struck out swinging . Yelich struck out swinging . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Naquin grounded out to first . Mercado grounded out to third . Hernández lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Maton pitching for Indians . Vogelbach walked . Arcia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Vogelbach out at second . Urías struck out swinging . Peterson reached on infield single to second , Arcia to third . Taylor flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Ramírez walked . Lindor doubled to deep left , Ramírez to third . Santana singled to left , Ramírez scored , Lindor to third . Yardley pitching for Brewers . Reyes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lindor scored , Santana out at second . Luplow walked . Pérez singled to center , Luplow to third . Naquin struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Leone pitching for Indians . Nottingham struck out swinging . Gamel walked . Hiura flied out to center . Yelich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Lindblom pitching for Brewers . Mercado struck out swinging . Hernández lined out to left . Ramírez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Wittgren pitching for Indians . Vogelbach lined out to center . Arcia grounded out to shortstop . Urías grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Rasmussen pitching for Brewers . Lindor walked . Santana walked , Lindor to second . Reyes flied out to right . Luplow reached on infield single to second , Santana to second , Lindor to third . Pérez struck out looking . Claudio pitching for Brewers . Naquin popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Braun hit for Peterson . Hand pitching for Indians . Braun singled to left . Taylor flied out to right . Nottingham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Braun out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 1 - Indians 4 .	Bieber fans 10 , stays unbeaten as Indians beat Brewers 4 - 1