Brewers - Top 1st . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Gamel doubled to left center . Hiura grounded out to shortstop , Gamel to third . Yelich walked . Yelich caught stealing second , catcher to second . Gyorko grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Houser pitching for Brewers . Reyes struck out swinging . Schoop struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Vogelbach lined out to center . García grounded out to third . Arcia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Houser pitching for Brewers . Candelario lined out to center . Castro grounded out to first . Bonifacio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Narváez walked . Urías singled to center , Narváez to second . Gamel grounded into double play , pitcher to third to first , Urías to second , Narváez out at third . Hiura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Houser pitching for Brewers . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Romine struck out swinging . Alcántara tripled to deep right . Reyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Yelich singled to center . Gyorko grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Yelich out at second . Vogelbach grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Houser pitching for Brewers . Schoop hit by pitch . Paredes ran for Schoop . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Paredes out at second . Candelario grounded out to second , Cabrera to second . Castro singled to right , Cabrera scored . Bonifacio struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Paredes at third base . Alcántara at second base . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . García walked . Arcia grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , García out at second . Narváez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Houser pitching for Brewers . Stewart walked . Romine singled to right , Stewart to third . Alcántara flied out to left . Reyes singled to left center , Stewart scored , Romine to second . Paredes grounded out to third , Reyes to second , Romine to third . Cabrera walked . Suter pitching for Brewers . Candelario singled to shallow center , Reyes scored and Romine scored , Cabrera to second . Castro reached on infield single to shortstop , Candelario to second , Cabrera to third . Bonifacio singled to deep right , Cabrera scored and Candelario scored , Castro to third . Stewart struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Reyes in left field . Hill in center field . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Urías grounded out to shortstop . Gamel grounded out to shortstop . Hiura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Feyereisen pitching for Brewers . Romine struck out swinging . Alcántara flied out to left . Reyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Soto pitching for Tigers . Yelich singled to left . Gyorko singled to center , Yelich to second . Vogelbach struck out swinging . García struck out swinging . Gyorko to second on wild pitch by Soto , Yelich to third on wild pitch by Soto . Arcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Feyereisen pitching for Brewers . Paredes lined out to right . Cabrera walked . Candelario homered to right ( 410 feet ) , Cabrera scored . Castro hit by pitch . Rasmussen pitching for Brewers . Bonifacio flied out to left . Hill struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Narváez fouled out to catcher . Urías fouled out to third . Gamel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Taylor in left field . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Romine grounded out to third . Alcántara flied out to center . Reyes grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Hiura doubled to left . Taylor flied out to right , Hiura to third . Gyorko singled to left , Hiura scored . Vogelbach singled to center , Gyorko to third . García singled to center , Gyorko scored , Vogelbach to second . Arcia lined out to center . Narváez singled to center , Vogelbach scored , García to third . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Urías walked , Narváez to second . Gamel fouled out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Tigers 8 .	Turnbull impressive in 6 innings , Tigers rout Brewers 8 - 3