Giants - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Rockies . Yastrzemski walked . Dickerson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Yastrzemski out at second . Solano lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Cueto pitching for Giants . Dahl grounded out to third . Story singled to center . Blackmon safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Longoria , Story to second . Arenado lined out to right , Story to third . Murphy singled to right , Story scored , Blackmon to third . McMahon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Rockies . Belt struck out looking . Longoria struck out swinging . Flores singled to left . Crawford grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Cueto pitching for Giants . Kemp struck out swinging . Owings fouled out to right . Wolters grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Rockies . Tromp homered to center ( 445 feet ) . Duggar hit by pitch . Yastrzemski homered to right ( 393 feet ) , Duggar scored . Dickerson singled to right . Solano struck out looking . Belt singled to center , Dickerson to second . Longoria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Belt to second , Dickerson out at third . Flores fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Cueto pitching for Giants . Dahl walked . Story popped out to shortstop . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop , Dahl to second . Arenado walked . Murphy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Diehl pitching for Rockies . Crawford struck out swinging . Tromp grounded out to shortstop . Duggar fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Cueto pitching for Giants . McMahon struck out swinging . Kemp struck out swinging . Owings grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Diehl pitching for Rockies . Yastrzemski struck out swinging . Dickerson homered to right ( 424 feet ) . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Solano struck out swinging . Belt struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Cueto pitching for Giants . Wolters singled to right . Dahl lined out to left . Story grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wolters out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Longoria lined out to center . Flores hit by pitch . Crawford grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Flores out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Cueto pitching for Giants . Blackmon reached on infield single to shortstop . Arenado homered to left ( 430 feet ) , Blackmon scored . Peralta pitching for Giants . Murphy grounded out to third . McMahon tripled to deep right center . Kemp singled to left , McMahon scored . Owings singled to center , Kemp to second . Wolters struck out swinging . Dahl reached on infield single to second , Kemp scored on error and Owings scored on throwing error by right fielder Dickerson , Dahl to second . Garcia pitching for Giants . Story popped out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 7th . Kinley pitching for Rockies . Tromp grounded out to shortstop . Duggar flied out to left . Yastrzemski grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Baragar pitching for Giants . Blackmon flied out to center . Arenado popped out to third . Murphy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Dickerson struck out swinging . Solano reached on infield single to catcher . Belt lined out to shortstop . Longoria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Solano out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Anderson pitching for Giants . McMahon struck out swinging . Kemp struck out looking . Owings homered to left ( 382 feet ) . Wolters struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Díaz pitching for Rockies . Flores doubled to deep left . Crawford singled to right , Flores to third . Tromp hit sacrifice fly to center , Flores scored . Sandoval hit for Duggar . Crawford to second on wild pitch by Díaz . Crawford scored on throwing error by second baseman McMahon , Sandoval safe at first on fielding error by second baseman McMahon , Sandoval safe at second on error . Slater ran for Sandoval . Yastrzemski grounded out to shortstop , Slater to third . Dickerson flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 6 - Rockies 7 .	Rockies beat Giants 7 - 6 , match best start in team history