Giants - Top 1st . Gray pitching for Rockies . Yastrzemski grounded out to first . Dickerson homered to ( 480 feet ) . Longoria singled to right center . Belt reached on infield single to first , Longoria to third . Flores popped out to second . Solano doubled to deep center , Belt scored and Longoria scored . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Gausman pitching for Giants . Tapia struck out looking . Pillar grounded out to second . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Bart singled to center . Dubon flied out to left . Yastrzemski struck out swinging . Dickerson homered to right ( 426 feet ) , Bart scored . Longoria grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Gausman pitching for Giants . Blackmon struck out looking . Murphy flied out to center . Kemp flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Belt doubled to deep center . Flores popped out to second . Solano lined out to right , Belt to third . Crawford singled to center , Belt scored . Crawford stole second . Bart reached on infield single to shortstop , Crawford scored . Santos pitching for Rockies . Dubon lined out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Gausman pitching for Giants . McMahon struck out swinging . Hampson homered to left ( 396 feet ) . Wolters safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Solano . Tapia grounded out to second , Wolters to second . Pillar lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Top 4th . Santos pitching for Rockies . Yastrzemski walked . Dickerson doubled to deep right , Yastrzemski thrown out at home . Longoria reached on infield single to pitcher , Dickerson scored . Belt walked , Longoria to second . Flores lined out to right , Longoria to third . Solano flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Gausman pitching for Giants . Arenado walked . Blackmon struck out swinging . Murphy flied out to right . Kemp flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Santos pitching for Rockies . Crawford lined out to first . Bart struck out swinging . Dubon singled to left . Yastrzemski tripled to deep center , Dubon scored . Dickerson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Gausman pitching for Giants . McMahon grounded out to second . Hampson homered to left ( 428 feet ) . Wolters struck out swinging . Tapia grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Díaz pitching for Rockies . Longoria struck out swinging . Belt doubled to deep right . Flores walked . Solano singled to right center , Belt scored , Flores to third . Crawford homered to right ( 425 feet ) , Flores scored and Solano scored . Bart singled to left center . Dubon struck out swinging . Yastrzemski singled to center , Bart to second . Dickerson homered to left ( 369 feet ) , Bart scored and Yastrzemski scored . Kinley pitching for Rockies . Longoria grounded out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Suárez pitching for Giants . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . Arenado flied out to center . Blackmon continues to at bat after dropped foul ball by catcher Bart . Blackmon walked . Hilliard ran for Blackmon . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 7th . Fuentes at third base . Hilliard in right field . Sandoval hit for Belt . Kinley pitching for Rockies . Sandoval reached on infield single to third . Flores singled to center , Sandoval to second . Solano singled to center , Sandoval scored , Flores to second . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Solano safe at second on fielding error by second baseman McMahon , Flores safe at third on error , Solano safe at third on error . Bart hit by pitch , Crawford to second . Dubon hit sacrifice fly to center , Flores scored . Duggar hit for Yastrzemski . Bart to second on wild pitch by Kinley , Crawford to third on wild pitch by Kinley . Duggar grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Duggar in right field . Robertson at third base . Sandoval at first base . Suarez pitching for Giants . Kemp lined out to second . McMahon flied out to right . Hampson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Díaz catching . McMahon at shortstop . Hampson in center field . Wolters at second base . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Dickerson walked . Robertson singled to deep left , Dickerson to second . Sandoval lined out to right . Ruf hit for Flores . Ruf walked , Robertson to second , Dickerson to third . Solano doubled to deep left , Dickerson scored and Robertson scored , Ruf to third . Butera pitching for Rockies . Crawford doubled to deep left center , Ruf scored and Solano scored . Bart grounded out to first , Crawford to third . Dubon doubled to deep center , Crawford scored . Duggar grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Ruf as designated hitter . Suarez pitching for Giants . Wolters walked . Tapia doubled to deep center , Wolters scored . Díaz grounded out to second , Tapia to third . Fuentes singled to right , Tapia scored . Peralta pitching for Giants . Hilliard lined out to second . Murphy grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Butera pitching for Rockies . Dickerson doubled to deep left center . Robertson struck out swinging . Sandoval grounded out to first , Dickerson to third . Ruf grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Peralta pitching for Giants . Kemp singled to center . McMahon reached on infield single to second , Kemp to second . Hampson struck out swinging . Wolters walked , McMahon to second , Kemp to third . Tapia hit sacrifice fly to center , Kemp scored . Díaz grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 23 - Rockies 5 .	Dickerson homers 3 times , Giants win big over Rockies , 23 - 5