Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Gausman pitching for Giants . Rojas grounded out to second . Marte grounded out to first . Walker struck out , Walker to first on wild pitch by Gausman . Walker picked off first . Kevin Gausman pitches to Kole Calhoun . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Yastrzemski singled to right . Dickerson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Yastrzemski out at second . Solano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Gausman pitching for Giants . Calhoun grounded out to second . Mathisen struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt grounded out to first . Flores grounded out to third . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Gausman pitching for Giants . Ahmed struck out swinging . Varsho walked . Kelly singled to right , Varsho to second . Rojas walked , Kelly to second , Varsho to third . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Varsho scored , Rojas out at second , Kelly to third . Walker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Sandoval grounded out to second . Bart struck out swinging . Dubon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Gausman pitching for Giants . Calhoun doubled to right . Mathisen struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . Ahmed walked . Varsho flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Yastrzemski struck out swinging . Ruf hit for Dickerson . Dickerson struck out looking . Solano lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Ruf in left field . Gausman pitching for Giants . Kelly flied out to left . Rojas struck out swinging . Marte flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt grounded out to second . Flores flied out to right . Crawford lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Gausman pitching for Giants . Walker struck out swinging . Calhoun grounded out to first . Mathisen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Sandoval walked . Bart singled to center , Sandoval to second . Robertson ran for Sandoval . Bart to second on wild pitch by Gallen , Robertson to third on wild pitch by Gallen . Dubon walked . Yastrzemski singled to right , Robertson scored , Dubon to second , Bart to third . Ruf singled to center , Bart scored and Dubon scored , Yastrzemski to second . Solano singled to left , Ruf to second , Yastrzemski to third . Guerra pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt walked , Yastrzemski scored , Solano to second , Ruf to third . Flores grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Belt to second , Solano to third , Ruf out at home . Crawford flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Robertson at third base . Peralta pitching for Giants . Peralta struck out looking . Ahmed walked . Varsho bunt grounded out to pitcher , Ahmed to second . Kelly grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Mella pitching for Diamondbacks . Robertson struck out swinging . Bart struck out swinging . Dubon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Selman pitching for Giants . Rojas struck out looking . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Walker walked . Calhoun safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Solano , Calhoun safe at second on error , Walker safe at third on error . Coonrod pitching for Giants . Mathisen popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 8th . Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks . Yastrzemski grounded out to shortstop . Ruf doubled to deep right center . Solano safe at first on error by first baseman Walker . Belt struck out swinging . Flores flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Coonrod pitching for Giants . Peralta homered to right ( 402 feet ) . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Varsho struck out swinging . Kelly grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Giants 4 .	Giants beat Diamondbacks , end Gallen 's record streak