Angels - Top 1st . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . Trout grounded out to third . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Wilson pitching for Angels . Donaldson singled to center . Bautista singled to left , Donaldson to second . Encarnación struck out swinging . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bautista out at second , Donaldson to third . Valencia grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Calhoun flied out to left . Freese flied out to left . Krauss walked . Iannetta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Colabello walked . Pillar struck out looking . Tolleson doubled to left , Colabello to third . Goins reached on infield single to first , Colabello scored , Tolleson to third . Donaldson singled to left , Tolleson scored , Goins thrown out at third , Donaldson to second advancing on throw . Bautista doubled to left , Donaldson scored . Bautista to third on wild pitch by Wilson . Encarnación singled to shallow left , Bautista scored . Martin singled to right , Encarnación to second . Valencia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martin out at second . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Cowgill popped out to second . Giavotella struck out swinging . Aybar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Colabello walked . Colabello to second on wild pitch by Wilson . Pillar flied out to right , Colabello to third . Tolleson popped out to second . Goins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Trout struck out swinging . Pujols homered to left ( 426 feet ) . Calhoun doubled to deep center . Freese singled to left , Calhoun to third . Calhoun scored , Freese to second on wild pitch by Redmond . Krauss flied out to left . Iannetta doubled to right , Freese scored . Cowgill flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Donaldson doubled to right . Bautista grounded out to third . Encarnación struck out swinging . Martin lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Giavotella struck out swinging . Aybar singled to left . Trout struck out looking . Pujols singled to shallow center , Aybar to third . Calhoun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Valencia grounded out to shortstop . Colabello popped out to first . Pillar singled to center . Pillar caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Tolleson batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Freese homered to right center ( 383 feet ) . Krauss struck out looking . Iannetta doubled to left . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Cowgill struck out looking . Giavotella singled to center , Iannetta scored . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Morin pitching for Angels . Tolleson bunt grounded out to third . Goins singled to right . Donaldson struck out swinging . Bautista walked , Goins to second . Encarnación walked , Goins to third , Bautista to second . Pestano pitching for Angels . Martin singled to center , Goins and Bautista scored , Encarnación to third . Valencia doubled to deep right , Encarnación and Martin scored . Colabello walked . Pillar struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Trout flied out to right . Pujols flied out to center . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Ramos pitching for Angels . Tolleson singled to right center . Goins sacrificed to third , Tolleson to second . Tolleson stole third . Donaldson struck out looking . Bautista homered to left ( 445 feet ) , Tolleson scored . Encarnación singled to center . Martin doubled to left , Encarnación to third . Valencia grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Freese grounded out to third . Cron hit for Krauss . Cron flied out to right . Iannetta homered to left center ( 438 feet ) . Cowgill singled to right center . Giavotella reached on infield single to second , Cowgill to second . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Álvarez pitching for Angels . Colabello struck out swinging . Pillar popped out to shortstop . Tolleson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Smoak at first base . Carrera in right field . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Trout grounded out to third . Pujols struck out swinging . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 6 - Blue Jays 10 .	Bautista homers , Blue Jays beat Angels to end 5 - game skid