Tigers - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Angels . Davis grounded out to pitcher . Kinsler walked . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kinsler out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Aybar singled to right . Trout grounded out to second , Aybar to second . Pujols homered to left ( 365 feet ) , Aybar scored . Calhoun grounded out to pitcher . Freese flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Céspedes grounded out to third . J.D. Martinez struck out swinging . Castellanos lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Joyce homered to right ( 413 feet ) . Iannetta doubled to deep center . Green reached on infield single to third , Iannetta to third . Giavotella struck out swinging . Aybar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Green out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Angels . McCann singled to left . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , McCann out at second . Gose struck out swinging . Davis walked , Iglesias to second . Kinsler walked , Iglesias to third , Davis to second . Cabrera hit by pitch , Iglesias scored , Davis to third , Kinsler to second . Céspedes struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Trout grounded out to shortstop . Pujols flied out to right . Calhoun lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Wilson pitching for Angels . J.D. Martinez flied out to right . Castellanos grounded out to third . McCann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Freese flied out to left . Joyce grounded out to second . Iannetta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Iglesias walked . Gose struck out swinging . Davis singled to center , Iglesias to third . Kinsler flied out to right . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Green grounded out to second . Giavotella tripled to deep left . Aybar sacrificed to third , Giavotella scored . Trout grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Featherston at shortstop . Wilson pitching for Angels . Céspedes struck out looking . J.D. Martinez walked . Castellanos struck out looking . McCann grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Pujols walked . Calhoun singled to center , Pujols to second . Freese singled to left , Pujols to third , Calhoun to second . Joyce reached on infield single to first , Pujols scored , Calhoun to third , Freese to second . Nesbitt pitching for Tigers . Nieuwenhuis ran for Joyce . Iannetta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Calhoun out at home , Freese to third , Nieuwenhuis to second . Green grounded out to second , Freese scored , Nieuwenhuis to third , Iannetta to second . Nieuwenhuis scored , Iannetta to third on wild pitch by Nesbitt . Giavotella grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Salas pitching for Angels . Iglesias flied out to left . Gose grounded out to pitcher . Davis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Nesbitt pitching for Tigers . Featherston flied out to center . Trout doubled to deep right . Pujols intentionally walked . Gorzelanny pitching for Tigers . Calhoun walked , Trout to third , Pujols to second . Freese singled to shallow left , Trout scored , Pujols to third , Calhoun to second , Pujols tagged out at third attempting to advance on play . Nieuwenhuis walked , Calhoun to third , Freese to second . Iannetta homered to center ( 395 feet ) , Calhoun , Freese and Nieuwenhuis scored . Green flied out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Romine hit for Kinsler . Alvarez pitching for Angels . Romine struck out swinging . Pérez hit for Cabrera . Pérez popped out to shortstop . Céspedes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Giavotella doubled to deep left . Featherston struck out looking . Marte grounded out to pitcher , Giavotella to third . Pérez hit for Pujols . Pérez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Alvarez pitching for Angels . J.D. Martinez singled to center . Castellanos struck out swinging . McCann singled to center , J.D. Martinez to second . Iglesias doubled to center , J.D. Martinez scored , McCann to third . Gose flied out to left . Davis struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 2 - Angels 12 .	Iannetta 's slam helps Wilson , Angels rout Tigers 12 - 2