Angels - Top 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . Trout popped out to second . Pujols struck out swinging , Pujols safe at first on passed ball by McCann . Calhoun singled to center , Pujols to second . Freese flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Angels . Gardner lined out to third . Headley popped out to third . Rodriguez singled to center . Teixeira popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Joyce doubled to left . Iannetta struck out swinging . Nieuwenhuis safe at first on error by shortstop Gregorius , Joyce to third . Nieuwenhuis picked off first . Giavotella struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Angels . McCann popped out to shortstop . Jones singled to right . Gregorius struck out swinging . Drew homered to right ( 347 feet ) , Jones scored . Flores fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Aybar grounded out to third . Trout lined out to first . Pujols grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Gardner singled to center . Gardner stole second . Headley flied out to center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Teixeira homered to right ( 334 feet ) , Gardner scored . McCann popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Calhoun singled to right . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Calhoun out at second . Joyce singled to right , Freese to second . Iannetta struck out swinging . Nieuwenhuis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Jones flied out to center . Gregorius grounded out to shortstop . Drew grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Giavotella grounded out to shortstop . Aybar grounded out to first . Trout walked . Pujols flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Flores flied out to right . Gardner tripled to deep left center . Headley popped out to shortstop . Rodriguez singled to right , Gardner scored . Teixeira lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Calhoun walked . Freese walked , Calhoun to second . Joyce flied out to center , Calhoun to third . Iannetta walked , Freese to second . Shreve pitching for Yankees . Nieuwenhuis grounded out to first , Calhoun scored , Freese to third , Iannetta to second . Giavotella walked . Aybar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Weaver pitching for Angels . McCann doubled to deep right . Jones grounded out to first , McCann to third . Gregorius hit sacrifice fly to center , McCann scored . Drew homered to right ( 347 feet ) . Ramos pitching for Angels . Flores singled to right . Gardner grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Shreve pitching for Yankees . Trout flied out to left . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Calhoun grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Ibarra pitching for Angels . Headley grounded out to third . Rodriguez doubled to deep left center . Rodriguez to third on wild pitch by Ibarra . Teixeira grounded out to second . McCann walked . Young hit for Jones . Young singled to right , Rodriguez scored , McCann to third . Gregorius walked , Young to second . Drew grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Young in right field . Lindgren pitching for Yankees . Freese grounded out to second . Joyce struck out swinging . Iannetta walked . Nieuwenhuis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Featherston at shortstop . Green in left field . Navarro at first base . Nieuwenhuis in center field . Ibarra pitching for Angels . Flores struck out looking . Gardner flied out to left . Headley singled to center . Rodriguez singled to left center , Headley to second . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Headley at first base . Pirela at second base . Drew at third base . Rogers pitching for Yankees . Giavotella singled to center . Featherston doubled to deep left , Giavotella to third . Green reached on infield single to second , Giavotella scored . Featherston to third , Green to second on wild pitch by Rogers . Navarro walked . Calhoun singled to center , Featherston scored , Green to third , Navarro to second . Betances pitching for Yankees . Freese singled to center , Green and Navarro scored , Calhoun to third . Joyce walked , Freese to second . Iannetta walked , Calhoun scored , Freese to third , Joyce to second . Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging . Giavotella grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Freese scored , Iannetta out at second , Joyce to third . Pérez hit for Featherston . Pérez struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 7 - Yankees 8 .	A - Rod moves up career list as Yanks beat Angels