Angels - Top 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Giavotella flied out to center . Calhoun singled to shallow right . Trout grounded out to shortstop , Calhoun to second . Pujols popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Santiago pitching for Angels . Odor singled to center . Rua lined out to center . Fielder flied out to center . Beltré walked , Odor to second . Moreland grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Aybar singled to shallow right . Freese singled to left , Aybar to second . Iannetta singled to shallow left , Aybar to third , Freese to second . Cron singled to shallow center , Aybar scored , Freese to third , Iannetta to second . Robertson popped out to first . Giavotella singled to shallow left , Freese scored , Iannetta to third , Cron to second . Calhoun hit sacrifice fly to center , Iannetta scored . Trout walked , Cron to third , Giavotella to second . Pujols struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Santiago pitching for Angels . Andrus lined out to left . Choo reached on infield single to second . Corporán popped out to second . Martín struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Aybar doubled to deep center . Freese lined out to right , Aybar to third . Iannetta intentionally walked . Cron hit sacrifice fly to center , Aybar scored . Robertson grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Santiago pitching for Angels . Odor flied out to center . Rua safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar . Fielder flied out to left . Beltré lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Giavotella grounded out to third . Calhoun homered to right center ( 381 feet ) . Trout popped out to second . Pujols walked . Aybar lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Santiago pitching for Angels . Moreland popped out to shortstop . Andrus grounded out to third . Choo lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Freese struck out looking . Iannetta reached on infield single to second . Cron popped out to first . Robertson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iannetta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Santiago pitching for Angels . Corporán struck out swinging . Martín flied out to right . Odor doubled to deep left . Rua struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Patton pitching for Rangers . Giavotella lined out to first . Calhoun walked . Trout hit by pitch , Calhoun to second . Calhoun to third , Trout to second on wild pitch by Patton . Pujols doubled to shallow left , Calhoun and Trout scored . Aybar doubled to left , Pujols scored . Freese hit by pitch . Iannetta struck out looking . Cron homered to left center ( 396 feet ) , Aybar and Freese scored . Detwiler pitching for Rangers . Robertson singled to right . Giavotella hit ground rule double to right , Robertson to third . Calhoun grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Santiago pitching for Angels . Fielder grounded out to shortstop . Beltré grounded out to shortstop . Moreland grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Detwiler pitching for Rangers . Trout struck out swinging . Pujols lined out to right . Featherston struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Santiago pitching for Angels . Andrus flied out to right . Choo grounded out to first . Corporán flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Detwiler pitching for Rangers . Freese walked . Iannetta walked , Freese to second . Cron doubled to right , Freese scored , Iannetta to third . Robertson reached on infield single to third . Giavotella hit sacrifice fly to center , Iannetta scored . Calhoun grounded into double play , shortstop to second to shortstop to first , Robertson out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Ramos pitching for Angels . Martín singled to shallow right . Odor struck out swinging . Rua struck out swinging . Fielder singled to right center , Martín to third . Alberto ran for Fielder . Alberto to second on fielder 's indifference . Beltré flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Freeman pitching for Rangers . Joyce struck out looking . Navarro singled to shallow left . Featherston struck out looking . Freese walked , Navarro to second . Iannetta popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Gott pitching for Angels . Moreland grounded out to first . Andrus grounded out to second . Choo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 13 - Rangers 0 .	Santiago goes 7 innings in Angels ' 13 - 0 win at Texas