Athletics - Top 1st . Richards pitching for Angels . Fuld walked . Canha grounded into double play , third to second to first , Fuld out at second . Reddick flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Zito pitching for Athletics . Aybar flied out to right . Calhoun safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Valencia . Trout walked , Calhoun to second . Pujols grounded into double play , third to second to first , Trout out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 2nd . Richards pitching for Angels . Valencia struck out swinging . Vogt struck out swinging . Lawrie walked . Lawrie to second on wild pitch by Richards . Sogard grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Cron walked . Freese grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cron out at second . Victorino walked . Pérez singled to left , Victorino to second . Giavotella grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pérez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Richards pitching for Angels . Semien flied out to center . Smolinski struck out swinging . Fuld grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . Calhoun struck out swinging . Trout homered to center ( 430 feet ) . Pujols walked . Cron struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Richards pitching for Angels . Canha grounded out to shortstop . Reddick singled to right . Valencia safe at first on error by second baseman Giavotella , Reddick to second . Vogt walked , Reddick to third , Valencia to second . Lawrie grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reddick out at home , Valencia to third , Vogt to second . Sogard doubled to right , Valencia , Vogt and Lawrie scored . Semien struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 4th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Freese homered to left center ( 426 feet ) . Victorino singled to left . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Victorino out at second . Giavotella lined into double play , pitcher to first , Pérez out at first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Richards pitching for Angels . Smolinski safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar . Fuld grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Smolinski out at second . Canha flied out to center . Fuld caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Reddick batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 5th . Coulombe pitching for Athletics . Aybar lined out to center . Calhoun walked . Otero pitching for Athletics . Trout singled to center , Calhoun to second . Pujols flied out to center , Calhoun to third . Trout stole second . Cron grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Richards pitching for Angels . Reddick struck out swinging . Valencia struck out swinging . Vogt walked . Lawrie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Mujica pitching for Athletics . Freese flied out to right . Victorino grounded out to third . Pérez singled to deep center , Pérez to third on error by center fielder Fuld . Giavotella homered to left ( 372 feet ) , Pérez scored . Aybar singled to right . Venditte pitching for Athletics . Calhoun doubled to deep right , Aybar scored . Dull pitching for Athletics . Trout reached on infield single to shortstop , Calhoun tagged out at home . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 7th . Featherston at second base . Morin pitching for Angels . Sogard safe at first on error by second baseman Featherston . Semien struck out swinging . Crisp hit for Smolinski . Crisp singled to center , Sogard to second . Butler hit for Fuld . Butler walked , Sogard to third , Crisp to second . Gentry ran for Butler . Gott pitching for Angels . Canha singled to center , Sogard scored , Crisp to third , Gentry to second . Reddick walked , Crisp scored , Gentry to third , Canha to second . Valencia flied out to right . Vogt singled to right , Gentry and Canha scored , Reddick to third . Lawrie struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 7th . Gentry in center field . Crisp in left field . Dull pitching for Athletics . Pujols grounded out to third . Cron grounded out to shortstop . Freese struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Álvarez pitching for Angels . Sogard flied out to center . Semien tripled to deep center . Crisp safe at first on error by first baseman Cron , Semien scored . Salas pitching for Angels . Burns hit for Gentry . Burns grounded out to pitcher , Crisp to second . Canha walked . Ramos pitching for Angels . Reddick fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Burns in center field . Navarro hit for Victorino . Dull pitching for Athletics . Navarro popped out to third . Pérez homered to left ( 389 feet ) . Murphy hit for Featherston . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Murphy grounded out to second . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Navarro in left field . Jackson at second base . Ramos pitching for Angels . Valencia grounded out to third . Vogt lined out to right . Smith pitching for Angels . Lawrie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Calhoun homered to center ( 403 feet ) . Trout walked . Pujols popped out to second . Cron lined out to right . Freese singled to center , Trout to third . Robertson ran for Freese . Cowgill hit for Navarro . Cowgill grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 8 - Angels 7 .	Zito ' complete with everything ' as A 's top Angels