Twins - Top 1st . Shields pitching for Rays . Span grounded out to first . Carroll struck out swinging . Mauer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Pavano pitching for Twins . Jennings struck out swinging . Zobrist grounded out to pitcher . Pena singled to right center . Longoria popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Shields pitching for Rays . Willingham walked . Morneau grounded out to shortstop , Willingham to second . Willingham to third on passed ball by Molina . Doumit grounded out to first . Valencia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Pavano pitching for Twins . Scott struck out swinging . Joyce struck out swinging . Upton singled to center . Molina hit by pitch , Upton to second . Rodriguez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Shields pitching for Rays . Thomas struck out looking . Casilla flied out to right . Span singled to center . Carroll grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Pavano pitching for Twins . Jennings grounded out to third . Zobrist struck out looking . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Shields pitching for Rays . Mauer singled to center . Willingham struck out looking , Mauer stole second . Morneau lined out to center . Doumit grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Longoria struck out swinging . Scott doubled to left . Joyce singled to right , Scott to third . Upton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Joyce out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Shields pitching for Rays . Valencia grounded out to third . Thomas popped out to shortstop . Casilla flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Molina doubled to left . Rodriguez sacrificed to third , Molina to third . Jennings bunt popped into double play , first to third , Molina doubled off third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Shields pitching for Rays . Span fouled out to third . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Mauer singled to right . Willingham hit by pitch , Mauer to second . Morneau walked , Mauer to third , Willingham to second . Doumit lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Zobrist struck out looking . Pena walked . Longoria singled to left , Pena to second . Scott flied out to center , Pena to third , Longoria to second . Joyce intentionally walked . Upton singled to center , Pena and Longoria scored , Joyce to third , Joyce scored , Upton to second on throwing error by center fielder Span . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 7th . Shields pitching for Rays . Valencia flied out to right . Thomas struck out swinging . Casilla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Jennings reached on infield single to third . Zobrist grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jennings safe at second on error by shortstop Carroll . Pena hit by pitch , Jennings to third , Zobrist to second . Longoria safe at first on error by third baseman Valencia , Jennings scored , Zobrist to third , Pena to second . Duensing pitching for Twins . Scott grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Longoria out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Rays . Span struck out looking . Carroll fouled out to first . Mauer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Joyce fouled out to third . Gray pitching for Twins . Upton walked . Molina walked , Upton to second . Upton to third , Molina to second on wild pitch by Gray . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Upton out at home , Molina to third . Jennings flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Shields pitching for Rays . Willingham singled to center . Morneau doubled to right , Willingham to third . Rodney pitching for Rays . Doumit hit sacrifice fly to left , Willingham scored . Valencia struck out looking . Thomas struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 1 - Rays 4 .	Rays ' Shields quiets Twins to win third straight