Rays - Top 1st . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Jennings singled to left . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jennings safe at second on error by second baseman Kinsler . Longoria homered to center ( 409 feet ) , Jennings and Pena scored . Zobrist walked . Keppinger singled to left center , Zobrist to second . Upton singled to left , Zobrist scored , Keppinger to second . Rodriguez bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Keppinger out at third , Upton to second . Gimenez flied out to left , Upton thrown out at third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Shields pitching for Rays . Kinsler doubled to deep right . Andrus singled to right , Kinsler to third . Andrus picked off first . Hamilton grounded out to shortstop , Kinsler scored . Beltre singled to center . Young reached on infield single to third , Beltre to second . Cruz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Johnson reached on infield single to first . Jennings flied out to left . Pena flied out to center . Longoria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Murphy reached first base on catcher 's interference . Shields pitching for Rays . Murphy batting . Napoli struck out swinging . Moreland struck out swinging . Kinsler grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 3rd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Zobrist lined out to center . Keppinger singled to center . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop , Keppinger to second . Rodriguez lined out to left . Gimenez singled to deep right , Keppinger scored , Upton thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Shields pitching for Rays . Andrus singled to right . Hamilton struck out looking , Andrus stole second . Beltre struck out looking . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Johnson doubled to left . Jennings grounded out to shortstop , Johnson to third . Pena grounded out to first . Longoria singled to left , Johnson scored . Zobrist doubled to deep center , Longoria scored . Keppinger reached on infield single to second , Zobrist to third . Upton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Shields pitching for Rays . Cruz grounded out to second . Murphy grounded out to second . Napoli singled to center . Moreland grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez flied out to right . Gimenez singled to left . Johnson fouled out to first . Jennings singled to center , Gimenez to second . Pena struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Shields pitching for Rays . Kinsler grounded out to third . Andrus singled to center . Hamilton homered to right center ( 433 feet ) , Andrus scored . Beltre struck out looking . Young grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Lowe pitching for Rangers . Longoria walked . Zobrist grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Longoria out at second . Scott hit for Keppinger . Scott homered to right ( 387 feet ) . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Shields pitching for Rays . Cruz struck out swinging . Murphy homered to right ( 373 feet ) . Napoli struck out swinging . Moreland doubled to right . Kinsler singled to right , Moreland to third . Andrus grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Uehara pitching for Rangers . Gimenez grounded out to third . Johnson grounded out to second . Jennings grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Howell pitching for Rays . Hamilton struck out looking . Beltre hit by pitch . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Beltre out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Ross pitching for Rangers . Pena flied out to center . Longoria lined out to center . Zobrist grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Howell pitching for Rays . Cruz singled to shallow right . Murphy singled to left , Cruz to second . Davis pitching for Rays . Napoli struck out looking . Moreland safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria , Cruz to third , Murphy to second . Cruz out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice , Murphy to third , Moreland to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Kinsler walked . Andrus lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 9th . Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Rangers . Scott struck out looking . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Upton flied out to center . Rodriguez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . McGee pitching for Rays . Hamilton struck out swinging . Beltre flied out to center . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 8 - Rangers 4 .	Longoria 's 4 RBIs help propel Rays    \n\n