Rays - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Zobrist grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez hit by pitch . Upton struck out swinging . Keppinger reached on infield single to shortstop , Rodriguez to second . Guyer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez safe at third on error by third baseman Nunez , Keppinger to second . Pena singled to right , Rodriguez scored , Keppinger thrown out at home , Guyer to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Price pitching for Rays . Jeter grounded out to third . Swisher struck out looking . Cano singled to center . Rodriguez singled to right , Cano to second . Teixeira flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Johnson singled to left . Gimenez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Nunez . Rhymes bunt popped out foul to third . Zobrist struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to center , Johnson scored , Gimenez to second . Upton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Price pitching for Rays . Granderson homered to right ( 395 feet ) . Jones grounded out to third . Nunez walked . Nunez stole second . Stewart singled to center , Nunez scored , Stewart to third on throwing error by pitcher Price . Jeter walked . Swisher lined into double play , pitcher to first , Jeter out at first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Keppinger grounded out to pitcher . Guyer grounded out to shortstop . Pena flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Price pitching for Rays . Cano singled to center . Rodriguez lined out to third . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cano out at second . Granderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Johnson walked . Gimenez singled to left , Johnson to second . Rhymes grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gimenez out at second , Johnson to third . Zobrist flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Price pitching for Rays . Jones grounded out to third . Nunez singled to right . Nunez stole second . Stewart struck out looking . Jeter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Keppinger struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Price pitching for Rays . Swisher singled to right center . Cano homered to right ( 433 feet ) , Swisher scored . Rodriguez doubled to deep center . Teixeira walked . Granderson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Teixeira out at second , Rodriguez to third . Jones doubled to deep left , Rodriguez scored . Nunez reached on infield single to second , Jones to third . Stewart grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Nix at third base . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Guyer struck out swinging . Pena struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Price pitching for Rays . Jeter grounded out to third . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . Cano flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Gimenez singled to right . Rhymes struck out swinging . Zobrist grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gimenez out at second . Rodriguez singled to center , Zobrist to second . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Price pitching for Rays . Rodriguez struck out looking . Teixeira flied out to center . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Keppinger grounded out to third . Guyer grounded out to third . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Badenhop pitching for Rays . Jones struck out swinging . Nix grounded out to first . Stewart safe at first on error by third baseman Rodriguez . Jeter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 9th . Wise in left field . Soriano pitching for Yankees . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop . Joyce hit for Gimenez . Johnson stole second . Joyce grounded out to shortstop , Johnson to third . Rhymes grounded out to shortstop , Johnson scored . Zobrist flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 3 - Yankees 5 .	Yanks top Rays as Sabathia outduels Price    \n\n