Rays - Top 1st . Teaford pitching for Royals . Upton flied out to center . Pena popped out to second . Keppinger grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Moore pitching for Rays . Gordon grounded out to second . Betancourt struck out swinging . Moustakas homered to right center ( 431 feet ) . Butler doubled to deep right center . Francoeur flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Teaford pitching for Royals . Conrad struck out swinging . Zobrist doubled to right . Zobrist to third on balk by Teaford . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Zobrist out at home . Jennings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Moore pitching for Rays . Hosmer struck out swinging . Perez lined out to shortstop . Bourgeois grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Teaford pitching for Royals . Molina singled to center . Johnson struck out looking . Upton grounded into double play , second to first , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Moore pitching for Rays . Escobar homered to left ( 413 feet ) . Gordon struck out swinging . Betancourt popped out to second . Moustakas walked . Moustakas caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Butler batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Teaford pitching for Royals . Pena struck out swinging . Keppinger grounded out to pitcher . Conrad walked . Zobrist struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Moore pitching for Rays . Butler grounded out to shortstop . Francoeur singled to right . Hosmer singled to shallow left , Francoeur to second . Perez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hosmer out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Teaford pitching for Royals . Rodriguez walked . Jennings reached on infield single to second , Rodriguez to second . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jennings out at second , Rodriguez to third . Johnson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Moore pitching for Rays . Bourgeois walked . Escobar doubled to deep left , Bourgeois to third . Gordon struck out swinging . Betancourt singled to left , Bourgeois and Escobar scored , Betancourt to second advancing on throw . Moustakas flied out to left . Butler flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Teaford pitching for Royals . Upton walked . Pena singled to right center , Upton to third . Herrera pitching for Royals . Keppinger singled to right center , Upton scored , Pena to second . Conrad grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Keppinger out at second , Pena to third . Zobrist singled to right center , Pena scored . Zobrist caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rodriguez batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Moore pitching for Rays . Francoeur fouled out to third . Hosmer grounded out to second . Perez doubled to deep right . Bourgeois singled to right , Perez to third , Bourgeois out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Dyson in center field . Holland pitching for Royals . Rodriguez popped out to third . Jennings doubled to deep right . Molina walked , Jennings stole third . Molina batting . Johnson struck out swinging . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Moore pitching for Rays . Escobar singled to center . Gordon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Escobar out at second . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Collins pitching for Royals . Pena safe at first on error by first baseman Hosmer . Keppinger walked , Pena to second . Conrad struck out looking . Zobrist tripled to deep right , Pena and Keppinger scored . Crow pitching for Royals . Rhymes hit for Rodriguez . Rhymes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zobrist out at home . Jennings singled to left , Rhymes to second . Matsui hit for Molina . Matsui struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Rhymes at second base . Lobaton catching . Moore pitching for Rays . Moustakas fouled out to third . Badenhop pitching for Rays . Butler homered to left center ( 405 left ) . Francoeur flied out to right . McGee pitching for Rays . Hosmer hit by pitch . Perez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Broxton pitching for Royals . Johnson struck out swinging . Upton walked . Pena grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 4 - Royals 5 .	Royals complete surprising sweep of Rays \n