Indians - Top 1st . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Choo grounded out to first . Cabrera lined out to second . Kipnis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Pena grounded out to first . Zobrist walked . Joyce singled to right , Zobrist to third . Joyce stole second . Keppinger grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Brantley tripled to deep right . Santana struck out swinging . Hafner grounded out to second . Damon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Scott singled to center . Jennings reached on infield single to third , Scott to second . Lobaton grounded out to shortstop , Scott to third , Jennings to second . Johnson singled to right , Scott scored , Jennings to third . Upton hit sacrifice fly to right , Jennings scored . Johnson stole second . Pena popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Kotchman popped out to second . Hannahan flied out to right . Choo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Zobrist walked . Joyce walked , Zobrist to second . Zobrist stole third , Joyce stole second . Keppinger grounded out to second . Scott singled to right , Zobrist scored , Joyce to third . Jennings reached on bunt single to first , Joyce scored , Scott to second . Lobaton walked , Scott to third , Jennings to second . Johnson flied out to right . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jennings out at third , Lobaton to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Cabrera flied out to right . Kipnis grounded out to shortstop . Brantley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Pena struck out swinging . Zobrist walked . Joyce flied out to right . Zobrist caught stealing second , catcher to second . Keppinger batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Santana walked . Hafner struck out swinging . Damon popped out to second . Kotchman hit by pitch , Santana to second . Hannahan doubled to deep center , Santana and Kotchman scored . Choo singled to center , Hannahan scored . Cabrera singled to center , Choo to third . Kipnis grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Keppinger grounded out to pitcher . Scott walked . Jennings singled to center , Scott to second . Lobaton walked , Scott to third , Jennings to second . Rogers pitching for Indians . Johnson struck out swinging . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jennings out at third , Lobaton to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Brantley lined out to center . Santana flied out to right . Hafner singled to center . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hafner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Rogers pitching for Indians . Pena walked . Zobrist struck out looking . Joyce struck out looking . Keppinger grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Farnsworth pitching for Rays . Kotchman grounded out to shortstop . Hannahan struck out swinging . Choo singled to right . Cabrera singled to right , Choo to third . McGee pitching for Rays . Kipnis singled to center , Choo scored , Cabrera to third . Brantley singled to center , Cabrera scored , Kipnis to third . Santana homered to center ( 417 feet ) , Kipnis and Brantley scored . Hafner singled to right . Damon struck out looking . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Cunningham in left field . Sipp pitching for Indians . Scott reached on bunt single to third . Jennings walked , Scott to second . Smith pitching for Indians . Lobaton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jennings out at second , Scott to third . Johnson reached on infield single to second , Scott scored . Upton bunt grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Howell pitching for Rays . Kotchman grounded out to first . Hannahan grounded out to second . Choo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Pestano pitching for Indians . Pena struck out looking . Zobrist flied out to right . Joyce grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Badenhop pitching for Rays . Cabrera doubled to left . Kipnis singled to left center , Cabrera scored , Kipnis to second advancing on throw . Brantley grounded out to second , Kipnis to third . Santana singled to right , Kipnis scored . Hafner grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Santana out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 9th . Accardo pitching for Indians . Keppinger walked . Scott doubled to left , Keppinger to third . Jennings grounded out to shortstop , Keppinger scored . Lobaton flied out to center , Scott to third . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 10 - Rays 6 .	Santana 's homer keys Indians ' rally vs. Rays