Red Sox - Top 1st . Archer pitching for Rays . Ciriaco singled to right . Ciriaco stole second . Ellsbury singled to shallow left , Ciriaco scored . Ellsbury caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher to second . Pedroia struck out swinging . Ross struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Jennings flied out to left . Upton flied out to center . Zobrist struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Archer pitching for Rays . Loney walked . Saltalamacchia walked , Loney to second . Lavarnway grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Saltalamacchia out at second , Loney to third . Nava grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Longoria singled to center . Scott singled to center , Longoria to second . Keppinger singled to left , Longoria to third , Scott to second . Joyce walked , Longoria scored , Scott to third , Keppinger to second . Pena struck out swinging . Molina grounded into double play , third to first , Keppinger out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Archer pitching for Rays . Iglesias walked . Ciriaco singled to left , Iglesias to second . Ellsbury singled to center , Iglesias scored , Ciriaco to third . Pedroia grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ciriaco scored , Ellsbury out at second . Ross flied out to left . Loney flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Jennings reached on infield single to shortstop . Jennings stole second . Upton grounded out to third . Zobrist singled to center , Jennings scored . Longoria flied out to right . Scott grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Archer pitching for Rays . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Lavarnway struck out swinging . Nava walked . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Nava out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Keppinger homered to left ( 380 feet ) . Joyce singled to right . Pena homered to right center ( 408 feet ) , Joyce scored . Molina doubled to deep center . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Jennings grounded out to first , Molina to third . Upton popped out to first . Zobrist struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Archer pitching for Rays . Ciriaco struck out swinging . Ellsbury singled to right . Pedroia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ellsbury out at second . Ross struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Longoria flied out to right . Scott walked . Keppinger lined out to center . Joyce grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . McGee pitching for Rays . Loney struck out looking . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Lavarnway grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Pena walked . Molina reached on bunt single to pitcher , Pena to second , Pena to third , Molina to second on throwing error by pitcher Aceves . Jennings tripled to left center , Pena and Molina scored , Jennings scored on error by third baseman Ciriaco . Upton doubled to deep left center . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Zobrist walked . Longoria walked , Upton to third , Zobrist to second . Scott hit sacrifice fly to center , Upton scored , Zobrist to third . Keppinger singled to center , Zobrist scored , Longoria to second . Joyce walked , Longoria to third , Keppinger to second . Miller pitching for Red Sox . Pena walked , Longoria scored , Keppinger to third , Joyce to second . Molina walked , Keppinger scored , Joyce to third , Pena to second . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Jennings grounded into double play , third to second to first , Molina out at second . 7 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Roberts at second base . Gomes pitching for Rays . Nava lined out to left . Iglesias flied out to left . Ciriaco flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Ciriaco in center field . Gomez at third base . De Jesus at second base . Quiroz catching . Podsednik in left field . Thompson hit for Upton . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Thompson popped out to third . Brignac hit for Zobrist . Brignac grounded out to pitcher . Johnson hit for Longoria . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Thompson in center field . Brignac at third base . Johnson at shortstop . Vogt catching . Gomes pitching for Rays . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . De Jesus struck out swinging . Podsednik grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Carpenter pitching for Red Sox . Scott doubled to right . Roberts flied out to center . Scott to third on passed ball by Quiroz . Joyce singled to left center , Scott scored . Pena walked , Joyce to second . Vogt flied out to center . Jennings walked , Joyce to third , Pena to second . Thompson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . De La Rosa pitching for Rays . Loney grounded out to first . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Quiroz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 3 - Rays 13 .	Rays snap skid ; Red Sox clinch losing mark \n