Astros - Top 1st . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Springer flied out to center . Altuve singled to left . Altuve stole second . Correa struck out swinging . Rasmus popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Fiers pitching for Astros . Profar tripled to right . Desmond reached on infield single to first , Profar scored . Mazara singled to right , Desmond to third . Beltré struck out swinging . Desmond scored , Mazara to second on wild pitch by Fiers . Odor safe at first on error by first baseman González , Mazara to third . Fielder singled to center , Mazara scored , Odor to third . Rua lined out to second . Andrus lined out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 2nd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Gattis walked . Valbuena singled to right , Gattis to third . Gómez struck out swinging . González grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Valbuena out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Fiers pitching for Astros . Wilson fouled out to first . Profar grounded out to shortstop . Desmond singled to left . Mazara hit by pitch , Desmond to second . Beltré grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Desmond out at third , Mazara to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Castro singled to shallow right . Springer grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Castro safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Lewis . Altuve homered to right ( 376 feet ) , Castro and Springer scored . Correa grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus struck out swinging . Gattis struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Fiers pitching for Astros . Odor homered to right ( 354 feet ) . Fielder grounded out to second . Rua struck out swinging . Andrus lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Valbuena singled to right . Gómez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Valbuena out at second . González singled to center , Gómez to third . Castro singled to right center , Gómez scored , González to third . Springer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castro out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Fiers pitching for Astros . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Profar flied out to right . Desmond flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Altuve singled to left . Correa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Altuve out at second . Rasmus flied out to left . Gattis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Fiers pitching for Astros . Mazara singled to center . Beltré popped out to shortstop . Odor flied out to center . Fielder singled to right , Mazara to third . Rua flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Valbuena safe at first on error by second baseman Profar . Gómez flied out to center . González grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Valbuena safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Fielder . Castro walked , Valbuena to third , González to second . Springer popped out to shortstop . Altuve popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Fiers pitching for Astros . Andrus walked . Wilson grounded out to shortstop , Andrus to second . Feliz pitching for Astros . Profar flied out to right . Desmond flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Correa walked . Correa to second on wild pitch by Barnette . Rasmus singled to right , Correa scored . Gattis struck out swinging . Valbuena struck out swinging . Rasmus caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Gómez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Feliz pitching for Astros . Mazara singled to center . Mazara to second on wild pitch by Feliz . Beltré singled to left , Mazara to third . Odor hit sacrifice fly to right , Mazara scored . Fielder struck out swinging . Rua struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Moreland at first base . Bush pitching for Rangers . González flied out to center . Castro struck out swinging . Springer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Gregerson pitching for Astros . Andrus flied out to right . Wilson struck out swinging . Profar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Dyson pitching for Rangers . Altuve flied out to center . Correa grounded out to third . Rasmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Giles pitching for Astros . Desmond struck out swinging . Mazara singled to shallow left . Beltré grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mazara out at second . Odor doubled to deep left , Beltré scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 5 - Rangers 6 .	Odor has game - ending RBI double , Rangers beat Astros 6 - 5