Astros - Top 1st . Young pitching for Royals . Springer grounded out to second . González flied out to left . Altuve doubled to deep center . Correa flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Fiers pitching for Astros . Merrifield grounded out to second . Gordon struck out swinging . Cain singled to left . Hosmer walked , Cain to second . Pérez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Young pitching for Royals . Rasmus walked . Reed walked , Rasmus to second . Gómez grounded out to shortstop , Rasmus to third , Reed to second . Valbuena doubled to deep right , Rasmus and Reed scored . Castro singled to center , Valbuena to third . Springer struck out looking . González reached on infield single to pitcher , Valbuena scored , Castro to second . Altuve homered to left ( 441 feet ) , Castro and González scored . Correa homered to right ( 390 feet ) . Rasmus singled to right . Reed lined out to right . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Fiers pitching for Astros . Morales flied out to center . Orlando singled to right . Escobar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Orlando out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Young pitching for Royals . Gómez walked . Valbuena walked , Gómez to second . Castro struck out swinging , Gómez to third , Valbuena to second on wild pitch by Young . Moylan pitching for Royals . Springer struck out swinging . Gómez out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . González batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Fiers pitching for Astros . Cuthbert singled to center . Merrifield singled to left , Cuthbert to second . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Merrifield out at second , Cuthbert to third . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cuthbert scored , Gordon out at second . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Moylan pitching for Royals . González homered to right ( 451 feet ) . Altuve singled to right . Correa walked , Altuve to second . Rasmus grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Correa out at second , Altuve to third . Reed hit sacrifice fly to left , Altuve scored . Gómez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Fiers pitching for Astros . Pérez hit by pitch . Morales singled to right , Pérez to second . Orlando lined out to right , Pérez out at third . Escobar singled to left , Morales to second . Cuthbert singled to center , Morales scored , Escobar to third , Cuthbert to second advancing on throw . Merrifield walked . Gordon grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Moylan pitching for Royals . Valbuena doubled to left . Castro grounded out to second , Valbuena to third . Springer grounded out to shortstop . González flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Fiers pitching for Astros . Cain lined out to right . Hosmer singled to center . Pérez walked , Hosmer to second . Morales singled to right center , Hosmer scored , Pérez to third . Feliz pitching for Astros . Orlando walked , Morales to second . Escobar flied out to center . Cuthbert flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Wang pitching for Royals . Altuve doubled to deep center . Correa doubled to deep right , Altuve scored . Rasmus popped out to second . Reed lined out to left . Gómez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Feliz pitching for Astros . Merrifield flied out to right . Gordon homered to right ( 415 feet ) . Cain doubled to left . Hosmer reached on infield single to pitcher , Cain to third . Pérez hit sacrifice fly to left , Cain scored . Morales struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Wang pitching for Royals . Valbuena flied out to center . Castro lined out to center . Springer lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Neshek pitching for Astros . Orlando grounded out to shortstop . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Cuthbert struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Wang pitching for Royals . González lined out to right . Altuve grounded out to second . Correa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Giles pitching for Astros . Merrifield lined out to second . Gordon doubled to deep right . Cain grounded out to shortstop . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Wang pitching for Royals . Rasmus singled to center . Rasmus to second on wild pitch by Wang . Reed walked . Gómez doubled to left , Rasmus scored , Reed to third . Valbuena singled to right , Reed scored , Gómez to third . Butera pitching for Royals . Marisnick ran for Gómez . Castro doubled to right , Marisnick scored , Valbuena to third . Springer fouled out to third . González struck out swinging . Worth hit for Altuve . Worth grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Worth at second base . Devenski pitching for Astros . Marisnick in center field . Pérez lined out to left . Butera doubled to deep left . Orlando singled to center , Butera thrown out at home . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 13 - Royals 5 .	Altuve gets 4 hits ; Astros top Royals 13 - 5 , win 7th straight