Astros - Top 1st . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Springer flied out to right . Valbuena singled to right . Altuve struck out swinging . Valbuena to second on wild pitch by Shoemaker . Correa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . McHugh pitching for Astros . Calhoun singled to right . Trout grounded into double play , third to second to first , Calhoun out at second . Pujols singled to center . Cron flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Rasmus singled to right . Reed flied out to left . Gómez popped out to second . Gattis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rasmus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . McHugh pitching for Astros . Giavotella grounded out to first . Marte singled to deep left . Nava struck out looking . Marte caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Castro struck out looking . Springer reached on infield single to second . Valbuena lined out to left . Altuve singled to left , Springer to third . Correa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . McHugh pitching for Astros . Bandy walked . Simmons struck out swinging . Calhoun grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Bandy out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Rasmus grounded out to shortstop . Reed grounded out to first . Gómez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Trout homered to left center ( 413 feet ) . Pujols grounded out to second . Cron grounded out to second . Giavotella walked . Marte flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Gattis flied out to center . Castro walked . Springer grounded into double play , third to second to first , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Nava grounded out to second . Bandy popped out to second . Simmons flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Valbuena doubled to deep right . Altuve popped out to first . Correa hit by pitch . Rasmus struck out swinging . Reed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Calhoun flied out to left . Trout doubled to right . Pujols walked . Cron singled to left , Trout scored , Pujols to second . Pujols to third , Cron to second on wild pitch by McHugh . Giavotella grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pujols out at home . Marte struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Morin pitching for Angels . Gómez reached on infield single to shortstop . Gattis singled to center , Gómez to third . Marisnick ran for Gattis . Castro struck out swinging , Marisnick stole second . Springer grounded out to shortstop , Gómez scored , Marisnick to third . Valbuena walked . Guerra pitching for Angels . Altuve singled to left , Marisnick scored , Valbuena to second . Correa grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Giles pitching for Astros . Nava grounded out to shortstop . Bandy flied out to center . Simmons flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Álvarez pitching for Angels . Rasmus singled to shallow right center , Rasmus to second on error by center fielder Trout . Reed struck out looking . Salas pitching for Angels . Gómez walked . González hit for Marisnick . González grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gómez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Gregerson pitching for Astros . Calhoun flied out to left . Trout doubled to shallow left . Pujols grounded out to third . Cron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Salas pitching for Angels . Castro doubled to deep right center . Springer walked . Valbuena singled to right , Castro to third , Springer to second . Altuve flied out to right . Correa hit sacrifice fly to right , Castro scored , Springer to third . Rasmus walked , Valbuena to second . Ramírez pitching for Angels . Springer scored , Valbuena to third , Rasmus to second on wild pitch by Ramírez . Reed struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Harris pitching for Astros . Giavotella struck out swinging , Giavotella safe at first on wild pitch by Harris . Marte singled to right , Giavotella to second . Nava singled to center , Giavotella to third , Marte to second . Robinson ran for Nava . Bandy struck out swinging . Simmons grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Giavotella out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 4 - Angels 2 .	Correa breaks tie in 9th , Astros hold off Angels 4 - 2