Athletics - Top 1st . McHugh pitching for Astros . Lowrie singled to left center . Davis struck out swinging . Reddick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lowrie out at second . Valencia popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Springer grounded out to second . González flied out to left . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . McHugh pitching for Astros . Vogt lined out to left . Butler walked . Alonso struck out swinging . Semien flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Correa grounded out to third . Valbuena struck out swinging . Gómez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . McHugh pitching for Astros . Burns grounded out to second . Lowrie reached on bunt single to third . Davis struck out swinging . Reddick popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Reed walked . Marisnick hit by pitch , Reed to second . Castro struck out looking . Springer struck out swinging . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Valencia singled to right center . Vogt tripled to deep center , Valencia scored . Butler singled to left , Vogt scored . Alonso grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Butler out at second . Semien homered to left center ( 408 feet ) . Burns fouled out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Altuve singled to center . Correa homered to center ( 413 feet ) , Altuve scored . Valbuena struck out swinging . Gómez grounded out to pitcher . Reed struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Lowrie grounded out to first . Davis grounded out to pitcher . Reddick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Marisnick singled to left . Castro singled to center , Marisnick to third . Springer walked , Castro to second . González singled to center , Marisnick scored , Castro to third , Springer to second . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castro scored , González out at second , Springer to third . Correa singled to center , Springer scored , Altuve to third , Correa to second , Altuve thrown out at home attempting to advance on play . Rzepczynski pitching for Athletics . Valbuena singled to left , Correa scored . Gómez grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Valencia flied out to center . Vogt singled to center . Butler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Vogt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Rzepczynski pitching for Athletics . Reed grounded out to first . Marisnick flied out to left . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Alonso singled to shallow center . Semien walked , Alonso to second . Giles pitching for Astros . Burns grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Semien out at second , Alonso to third . Alonso scored , Burns to second on passed ball by Castro . Lowrie struck out swinging . Davis struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Springer flied out to center . González singled to right . González to second on wild pitch by Triggs . Altuve struck out looking . Correa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . González at first base . Worth at second base . Gregerson pitching for Astros . Reddick grounded out to first . Valencia struck out swinging . Vogt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Valbuena reached on infield single to third . Gómez sacrificed to pitcher , Valbuena to second . Worth singled to center , Valbuena scored . Marisnick grounded out to shortstop , Worth to second . Castro walked . Springer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Harris pitching for Astros . Butler doubled to left . Alonso homered to right ( 347 feet ) , Butler scored . Semien struck out looking . Smolinski hit for Burns . Smolinski singled to left center . Ladendorf ran for Smolinski . Lowrie doubled to left , Ladendorf to third . Feliz pitching for Astros . Davis doubled to deep left center , Ladendorf and Lowrie scored . Reddick singled to right , Davis scored , Reddick thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Valencia struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Ladendorf in center field . Madson pitching for Athletics . González bunt grounded out to pitcher . Altuve singled to center . Altuve stole second . Correa struck out swinging , Correa safe at first on wild pitch by Madson , Altuve to third . Valbuena homered to right ( 406 feet ) , Altuve and Correa scored . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Astros 10 .	Valbuena 's homer in 9th lifts Astros over A 's 10 - 9