Astros - Top 1st . Clevinger pitching for Indians . Springer struck out swinging . Bregman walked . Altuve doubled to deep center , Bregman scored , Altuve thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Correa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Fiers pitching for Astros . Santana flied out to center . Kipnis grounded out to second . Lindor singled to left . Napoli walked , Lindor to second . Ramírez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Clevinger pitching for Indians . Gurriel doubled to center . Gattis struck out swinging . Rasmus flied out to left . Hernández walked . Manship pitching for Indians . Marisnick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernández out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Fiers pitching for Astros . Chisenhall singled to right . Crisp flied out to left . Naquin singled to center , Chisenhall to second . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chisenhall out at third , Naquin to second . Naquin to third , Pérez to second on wild pitch by Fiers . Santana walked . Kipnis lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Manship pitching for Indians . Springer walked . Bregman homered to left ( 384 feet ) , Springer scored . Altuve struck out swinging . Correa singled to left center . Garner pitching for Indians . Gurriel grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Correa out at second . Gattis flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Fiers pitching for Astros . Lindor doubled to deep right . Napoli flied out to center . Ramírez singled to left center , Lindor scored , Ramírez to second on throwing error by second baseman Altuve . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Crisp struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 4th . Garner pitching for Indians . Rasmus grounded out to first . Hernández grounded out to third . Marisnick singled to center . Springer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Fiers pitching for Astros . Naquin struck out swinging . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . Santana grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Garner pitching for Indians . Bregman safe at first on error by second baseman Kipnis . Altuve grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bregman out at second . Correa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Fiers pitching for Astros . Kipnis singled to right . Lindor grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kipnis out at second . Napoli homered to left ( 384 feet ) . Ramírez popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Colon pitching for Indians . Gurriel struck out looking . Gattis walked . Rasmus singled to center , Gattis to second . Hernández lined out to right , Gattis to third . Otero pitching for Indians . Marisnick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Sipp pitching for Astros . Davis hit for Chisenhall . Davis struck out swinging . Crisp grounded out to second . Guyer hit for Naquin . Neshek pitching for Astros . Guyer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Davis in center field . Guyer in right field . Otero pitching for Indians . Springer reached on infield single to third . Bregman struck out swinging . Shaw pitching for Indians . Altuve singled to right center , Springer to third . Correa walked , Altuve to second . Gurriel hit sacrifice fly to center , Springer scored . Altuve stole third , Correa stole second . Gattis safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Kipnis , Altuve scored , Correa to third . Rasmus reached on infield single to shortstop , Correa scored , Gattis to second . Anderson pitching for Indians . Hernández struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 7th . González at first base . Feliz pitching for Astros . Pérez grounded out to second . Santana struck out swinging . Kipnis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Moore catching . Anderson pitching for Indians . Marisnick struck out swinging . Springer walked . Bregman singled to left , Springer to second . Altuve struck out swinging . Springer to third , Bregman to second on wild pitch by Anderson . Correa intentionally walked . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Feliz pitching for Astros . Lindor walked . Lindor to second on wild pitch by Feliz . Napoli struck out swinging . Ramírez lined out to left . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Gattis flied out to right . Rasmus struck out swinging . Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop . Hernández caught stealing second , catcher to second . Marisnick batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Gustave pitching for Astros . Crisp lined out to first . Guyer grounded out to shortstop . Almonte hit for Moore . Almonte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 6 - Indians 2 .	Bregman hits 2 - run homer , leads Astros past Indians 6 - 2