Rockies - Top 1st. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. Smith singled to center. Helton struck out swinging. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Smith out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Soriano flied out to left. Theriot singled to left. Lee flied out to center. Ramirez doubled to deep left center, Theriot scored. Soto flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Spilborghs doubled to deep left. Stewart flied out to left, Spilborghs to third. Torrealba safe at first on error by shortstop Theriot. Quintanilla struck out swinging. Francis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Fukudome walked. DeRosa flied out to right. Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop, Fukudome to second. Marquis struck out bunting foul. Soriano flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Podsednik grounded out to second. Smith singled to right. Helton walked, Smith to second. Atkins flied out to left. Spilborghs grounded into fielder's choice to third, Smith out at third, Helton to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Theriot struck out swinging. Lee homered to left center. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Soto struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Stewart tripled to deep right center. Torrealba hit sacrifice fly to center, Stewart scored. Quintanilla safe at first on error by second baseman DeRosa. Francis sacrificed to pitcher, Quintanilla to second. Podsednik grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Fukudome doubled to deep right center. DeRosa struck out swinging. Johnson singled to right, Fukudome scored. Marquis sacrificed to third, Johnson to second. Soriano grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Smith grounded out to first. Helton doubled to left. Atkins grounded out to shortstop, Helton to third. Spilborghs lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Theriot walked. Lee struck out swinging. Ramirez flied out to center. Soto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Stewart reached on infield single to third. Torrealba singled to left, Stewart to second. Quintanilla walked, Stewart to third, Torrealba to second. Baker hit for Francis. Baker struck out swinging. Cotts pitching for Cubs. Taveras hit for Podsednik. Taveras singled to right, Stewart and Torrealba scored, Quintanilla to second. Smith struck out looking. Helton walked, Quintanilla to third, Taveras to second. Wuertz pitching for Cubs. Atkins struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Taveras in center field. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Fukudome grounded out to second. DeRosa walked. Johnson lined into double play, third to first, DeRosa doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Wuertz pitching for Cubs. Spilborghs singled to center. Spilborghs stole second. Stewart doubled to deep left, Spilborghs scored. Torrealba grounded out to shortstop. Quintanilla lined into double play, center to second, Stewart doubled off second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Fontenot hit for Wuertz. Fontenot struck out swinging. Soriano singled to right center. Theriot singled to right, Soriano to third. Lee safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Herges, Soriano scored, Theriot to third. Ramirez hit by pitch, Lee to second. Soto hit sacrifice fly to right, Theriot scored. Fukudome struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 8th. Marmol pitching for Cubs. Sullivan hit for Herges. Sullivan flied out to center. Taveras struck out swinging. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Sullivan in right field. DeRosa doubled to right center. Cedeno ran for DeRosa. Johnson sacrificed to third, Cedeno to third, Johnson safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Buchholz. Cedeno to third on throwing error by pitcher Buchholz. Hoffpauir hit for Marmol. Hoffpauir singled to center, Cedeno scored, Johnson to second. Johnson stole third, Hoffpauir stole second. Soriano singled to center, Johnson and Hoffpauir scored, Soriano to second advancing on throw. Arias pitching for Rockies. Theriot walked. Lee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Theriot out at second, Soriano to third. Ramirez popped out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 9th. Cedeno at second base. Wood pitching for Cubs. Helton struck out looking. Atkins struck out swinging. Spilborghs singled to right center. Spilborghs to second on fielder's indifference. Stewart struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Cubs 8.	Rockies' gaffes, Soriano's hit keeps Cubs rolling