Dodgers - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. Martin flied out to right. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Soriano singled to left. Soriano to second on wild pitch by Billingsley. Theriot struck out swinging. Lee struck out swinging. Ramirez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Ethier singled to right. Loney reached on infield single to shortstop, Ethier to third. Kemp struck out looking. DeWitt safe at first on error by second baseman DeRosa, Ethier scored, Loney to second. Blake safe at first on error by first baseman Lee, Loney to third, DeWitt to second. Billingsley struck out swinging. Furcal reached on bunt single to second, Loney scored, DeWitt to third, Blake to second. Martin doubled to center, DeWitt, Blake and Furcal scored. Ramirez struck out looking. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. DeRosa grounded out to third. Edmonds grounded out to third. Soto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Ethier popped out to second. Loney flied out to center. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Fukudome struck out swinging. Zambrano walked. Soriano flied out to right. Theriot grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zambrano out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. DeWitt flied out to center. Blake grounded out to third. Billingsley safe at first on error by third baseman Ramirez. Furcal singled to left, Billingsley to second. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Lee singled to left. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lee out at second. DeRosa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Ramirez homered to center. Ethier walked. Loney popped out to third. Kemp grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ethier out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Edmonds flied out to left. Soto grounded out to third. Fukudome struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. DeWitt grounded out to second. Blake hit by pitch. Billingsley grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Blake out at second. Furcal flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Zambrano grounded out to third. Soriano struck out swinging. Theriot grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Martin struck out looking. Ramirez walked. Cotts pitching for Cubs. Ethier walked, Ramirez to second. Loney grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ethier out at first, Ramirez to third. Kemp doubled to deep right, Ramirez scored, Loney to third. DeWitt popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Lee flied out to right. Ramirez struck out swinging. DeRosa doubled to deep right. Edmonds doubled to deep center, DeRosa scored. Soto singled to left, Edmonds to third. Wade pitching for Dodgers. Berroa at second base. Fukudome grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Soto out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Marmol pitching for Cubs. Blake singled to left. Berroa sacrificed to first, Blake to second. Furcal singled to right, Blake scored, Furcal to second advancing on throw. Martin struck out looking. Ramirez singled to right, Furcal scored. Ethier struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Fontenot hit for Marmol. Wade pitching for Dodgers. Fontenot grounded out to second. Soriano grounded out to third. Theriot grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Loney flied out to right. Kemp flied out to center. Pierre hit for Wade. Pierre safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Theriot. Blake singled to shallow center, Pierre scored. Berroa singled to left, Blake to second. Furcal flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Pierre in left field. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Lee doubled to deep center. Ramirez singled to left, Lee to third. Ramirez to second on fielder's indifference. DeRosa doubled to deep right center, Lee and Ramirez scored. Pie hit for Edmonds. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Pie walked. Soto lined out to second. Fukudome struck out looking. Ward hit for Wood. Ward struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 10 - Cubs 3.	Manny, Dodgers jump to 2-0 NLDS lead over Cubs