Athletics - Top 1st. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Burns singled to center. Semien doubled to left, Burns to third. Reddick grounded out to second, Burns scored, Semien to third. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Semien out at home. Davis lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Pomeranz pitching for Athletics. Martín grounded out to shortstop. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Fielder singled to left. Beltré singled to right, Fielder to second. Blanks doubled to deep right, Fielder scored, Beltré to third. Choo lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Lawrie singled to center. Canha grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Lawrie out at second. Phegley grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Pomeranz pitching for Athletics. Chirinos singled to right. Smolinski grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Chirinos out at second. Odor fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Sogard grounded out to first. Burns flied out to left. Semien struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Pomeranz pitching for Athletics. Martín grounded out to first. Andrus doubled to left. Fielder lined out to left. Beltré singled to left, Andrus scored. Blanks singled to left, Beltré to second. Choo lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Reddick struck out swinging. Butler grounded out to third. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Pomeranz pitching for Athletics. Chirinos struck out swinging. Smolinski walked. Odor flied out to left. Martín struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Lawrie grounded out to shortstop. Canha hit by pitch. Phegley singled to right, Canha to second. Sogard grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Phegley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Pomeranz pitching for Athletics. Andrus struck out swinging. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. Beltré popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Burns grounded out to pitcher. Semien grounded out to third. Reddick doubled to right. Butler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Pomeranz pitching for Athletics. Blanks homered to left (393 feet). Choo struck out swinging. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Chirinos grounded out to third. Smolinski singled to center. Odor grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Davis safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus. Lawrie singled to center, Davis to second. Canha reached on infield single to second, Davis to third, Lawrie to second. Phegley hit by pitch, Davis scored, Lawrie to third, Canha to second. Claudio pitching for Rangers. Gentry hit for Sogard. Gentry hit sacrifice fly to center, Lawrie scored, Canha to third. Burns grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Canha scored, Phegley safe at third on throwing error by catcher Chirinos, Burns safe at second on throwing error by catcher Chirinos. Bass pitching for Rangers. Semien grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phegley out at home, Burns to third. Semien stole second. Reddick homered to right (376 feet), Burns and Semien scored. Butler grounded out to third. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Lawrie at second base. Muncy at third base. Gentry in left field. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Martín popped out to second. Andrus walked. Fielder walked, Andrus to second. Otero pitching for Athletics. Beltré flied out to right, Andrus to third. Blanks singled to center, Andrus scored, Fielder to second. Abad pitching for Athletics. Choo homered to right (372 feet), Fielder and Blanks scored. Scribner pitching for Athletics. Chirinos struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Bass pitching for Rangers. Davis struck out looking. Lawrie grounded out to shortstop. Muncy singled to right. Vogt hit for Phegley. Vogt walked, Muncy to second. Fuld hit for Gentry. Fuld lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Vogt catching. Fuld in left field. Peguero hit for Smolinski. Scribner pitching for Athletics. Peguero struck out looking. Odor grounded out to first. Martín struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Peguero in left field. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Burns singled to right center. Semien fouled out to third. Reddick singled to center, Burns to second. Butler lined out to right. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Cook pitching for Athletics. Andrus fouled out to first. Fielder reached on infield single to shortstop. DeShields ran for Fielder. Beltré flied out to right. Blanks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 10th. Kela pitching for Rangers. Lawrie struck out swinging. Muncy doubled to right. Vogt lined into double play, first to shortstop, Muncy doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 10th. Cook pitching for Athletics. Choo doubled to right. Chirinos walked. Peguero walked, Choo to third, Chirinos to second. Alvarez pitching for Athletics. Odor singled to shallow center, Choo scored, Chirinos to third, Peguero to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 7 - Rangers 8.	Odor's RBI single in 10th lifts Rangers past A's