Rangers - Top 1st. Hahn pitching for Athletics. DeShields safe at first on error by shortstop Semien. DeShields picked off first. Choo grounded out to second. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Burns reached on infield single to third, Burns to second on throwing error by third baseman Gallo. Reddick singled to right, Burns to third. Zobrist grounded into fielder's choice to second, Burns scored, Reddick out at second. Vogt walked, Zobrist to second. Butler lined out to center. Zobrist to third on wild pitch by Gallardo. Lawrie struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 2nd. Hahn pitching for Athletics. Moreland flied out to left. Gallo reached on infield single to second. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gallo out at second. Martín singled to left, Andrus to second. Rosales grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Muncy grounded out to second. Semien grounded out to third. Fuld grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Hahn pitching for Athletics. Chirinos walked. DeShields singled to right, Chirinos to second. Choo hit by pitch, Chirinos to third, DeShields to second. Fielder hit sacrifice fly to center, Chirinos scored, DeShields to third. Moreland singled to right, DeShields scored, Choo to second. Gallo singled to right, Choo to third, Moreland to second. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Choo out at home, Moreland to third, Gallo to second. Martín hit by pitch, Moreland scored, Gallo to third, Andrus to second. Rosales grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martín out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Burns flied out to right. Reddick struck out looking. Zobrist grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Hahn pitching for Athletics. Chirinos flied out to right. DeShields walked. Choo singled to left, DeShields to second. DeShields caught stealing third, catcher to third, Choo to second on runner's fielder's choice. Fielder hit by pitch. Moreland singled to right, Choo scored, Fielder to second. Venditte pitching for Athletics. Gallo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Vogt doubled to left. Butler struck out swinging. Vogt to third on passed ball by Chirinos. Lawrie grounded out to shortstop, Vogt scored. Muncy reached on infield single to shortstop. Semien singled to center, Muncy to second. Fuld struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Venditte pitching for Athletics. Andrus struck out looking. Martín walked. Rosales walked, Martín to second. Chirinos lined into double play, left to second, Martín doubled off second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Burns grounded out to shortstop. Reddick grounded out to first. Zobrist struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Venditte pitching for Athletics. DeShields flied out to center. Choo grounded out to second. Fielder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Vogt struck out looking. Butler struck out looking. Lawrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Abad pitching for Athletics. Moreland struck out swinging. Gallo flied out to center. Andrus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Gallardo pitching for Rangers. Muncy grounded out to second. Semien struck out looking. Fuld struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Scribner pitching for Athletics. Martín doubled to deep center. Rosales flied out to left, Martín to third. Chirinos struck out swinging. DeShields fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Freeman pitching for Rangers. Burns grounded out to second. Reddick singled to right. Scheppers pitching for Rangers. Zobrist singled to right, Reddick to third, Reddick scored, Zobrist to third on throwing error by third baseman Gallo. Vogt intentionally walked. Butler singled to left, Zobrist scored, Vogt to second. Sogard ran for Vogt. Lawrie flied out to center. Muncy flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 9th. Phegley catching. Clippard pitching for Athletics. Choo fouled out to left. Fielder struck out swinging. Moreland flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Kela pitching for Rangers. Semien grounded out to pitcher. Fuld singled to left. Fuld stole second. Burns reached on infield single to shortstop, Fuld to third. Reddick grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fuld scored, Burns to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 4 - Athletics 5.	Fuld scores game-winning run on Reddick's grounder in ninth