Padres - Top 1st. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Venable struck out looking. Solarte singled to right center. Upton struck out looking. Kemp struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Despaigne pitching for Padres. Burns doubled to deep right. Semien singled to right, Burns to third. Reddick popped out to third. Zobrist singled to right, Burns scored, Semien to third. Vogt struck out swinging. Butler homered to left center (400 feet), Semien and Zobrist scored. Lawrie singled to right center. Canha grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Alonso flied out to center. Norris flied out to left. Spangenberg struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Despaigne pitching for Padres. Sogard grounded out to second. Burns hit by pitch. Semien flied out to right. Burns caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Reddick batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. Amarista grounded out to second. Venable struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Despaigne pitching for Padres. Reddick grounded out to second. Zobrist tripled to right. Vogt hit sacrifice fly to left, Zobrist scored. Butler grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Solarte struck out swinging. Upton grounded out to third. Kemp singled to left. Alonso grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Despaigne pitching for Padres. Lawrie walked. Canha grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lawrie out at second. Sogard grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Canha out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Norris grounded out to shortstop. Spangenberg flied out to left. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Despaigne pitching for Padres. Burns flied out to center. Semien flied out to right. Reddick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Amarista homered to right (387 feet). Venable struck out swinging. Solarte struck out swinging. Upton walked. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to third, Upton out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Despaigne pitching for Padres. Zobrist flied out to left. Vogt grounded out to shortstop. Butler singled to left. Lawrie struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Alonso grounded out to shortstop. Norris grounded out to second. Spangenberg struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Despaigne pitching for Padres. Canha singled to center. Garcés pitching for Padres. Sogard walked. Burns singled to right, Canha to third, Sogard to second. Semien hit sacrifice fly to left, Canha scored, Sogard to third. Reddick popped out to third. Zobrist doubled to deep right center, Sogard and Burns scored, Zobrist to third on error by right fielder Kemp. Vogt singled to left, Zobrist scored. Vincent pitching for Padres. Butler reached on infield single to second, Vogt to second. Lawrie struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 8th. Abad pitching for Athletics. Middlebrooks homered to center (412 feet). Amarista flied out to center. Venable struck out swinging. Fuld in left field. Solarte flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Mazzoni pitching for Padres. Canha popped out to second. Sogard doubled to right. Burns reached on infield single to shortstop, Sogard to third. Semien walked, Burns to second. Reddick singled to right, Sogard scored, Burns to third, Semien to second. Fuld singled to left, Burns and Semien scored, Reddick to second. Vogt struck out swinging. Butler reached on infield single to second, Reddick to third, Fuld to second. Lawrie doubled to deep right center, Reddick and Fuld scored, Butler to third. Canha singled to left, Butler scored, Lawrie to third.. Sogard singled to center, Lawrie scored, Canha to third. Amarista pitching for Padres. Barmes at shortstop. Amarista pitching for Padres. Barmes at shortstop. Barmes at shortstop. Amarista pitching for Padres. Burns flied out to right. 7 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Canha in right field. Muncy at first base. Leon pitching for Athletics. Upton struck out looking. Kemp lined out to left. Alonso singled to center. Norris grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Alonso out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 2 - Athletics 16.	Chavez strikes out 11 in A's 16-2 win over Padres