Athletics - Top 1st. Peavy pitching for Giants. Burns grounded out to first. Vogt lined out to center. Zobrist struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Pagán singled to center. Panik popped out to third. Duffy singled to center, Pagán to third. Posey hit sacrifice fly to right, Pagán scored. Pence doubled to deep center, Duffy scored. Belt grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Peavy pitching for Giants. Butler singled to left. Reddick singled to right, Butler to second. Lawrie grounded into fielder's choice to third, Reddick out at second, Butler to third. Sogard grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Lawrie out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Crawford singled to center. Blanco walked, Crawford to second. Peavy sacrificed to pitcher, Crawford to third, Blanco to second. Pagán singled to shallow left, Crawford scored, Blanco to third. Panik hit sacrifice fly to center, Blanco scored. Duffy struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Peavy pitching for Giants. Fuld doubled to deep right. Chavez sacrificed to pitcher, Fuld to third. Burns grounded out to first, Fuld scored. Vogt grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Posey popped out to second. Pence singled to center. Belt flied out to left. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pence out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Peavy pitching for Giants. Zobrist struck out looking. Butler grounded out to second. Reddick fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Canha in left field. Fuld in center field. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Blanco singled to center. Peavy singled to center, Blanco to third. Pagán walked, Peavy to second. Rodriguez pitching for Athletics. Panik struck out swinging. Duffy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pagán out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Peavy pitching for Giants. Lawrie grounded out to shortstop. Sogard grounded out to first. Fuld grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Rodriguez Jr. pitching for Athletics. Posey singled to right. Posey to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Pence doubled to deep right center, Posey scored. O'Flaherty pitching for Athletics. Belt doubled to deep right, Pence scored. Crawford struck out swinging. Blanco grounded out to second, Belt to third. Peavy safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Lawrie, Belt scored. Pagán singled to left, Peavy to second. Panik grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 6th. Smolinski hit for O'Flaherty. Peavy pitching for Giants. Smolinski flied out to center. Canha flied out to center. Vogt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Castro pitching for Athletics. Duffy lined out to shortstop. Posey singled to left. Pence reached on infield single to shortstop, Posey to second. Belt struck out swinging. Crawford flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Peavy pitching for Giants. Zobrist homered to right (363 feet). Butler singled to center. Kontos pitching for Giants. Reddick flied out to center. Butler to second on wild pitch by Kontos. Lawrie reached on infield single to shortstop, Butler to third. Sogard singled to right, Butler scored, Lawrie to second. Fuld struck out swinging. Semien hit for Castro. Semien grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sogard out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Abad pitching for Athletics. Blanco grounded out to third. Arias hit for Kontos. Arias struck out swinging. Pagán struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Strickland pitching for Giants. Canha struck out swinging. Vogt grounded out to first. Zobrist grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Mujica pitching for Athletics. Panik flied out to left. Duffy singled to left. Posey singled to left, Duffy to third. Pence popped out to first. Posey stole second. Belt singled to right, Duffy and Posey scored. Crawford struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Strickland pitching for Giants. Butler singled to right. López pitching for Giants. Reddick grounded out to second, Butler to second. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Lawrie grounded out to third, Butler to third. Sogard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Giants 9.	Pence, Belt lead Giants to 9-3 victory over A's