Athletics - Top 1st. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Burns reached on infield single to second. Davis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Burns out at second. Reddick hit ground rule double to deep left. Reddick stole third. Vogt walked. Lawrie popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Rollins flied out to right. Kendrick singled to left. Gonzalez walked, Kendrick to second. Grandal struck out swinging. Kendrick stole third. Ethier singled to right, Kendrick scored, Gonzalez to third. Puig popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Sogard struck out swinging. Semien flied out to right. Fuld walked. Chavez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Pederson struck out looking. Guerrero grounded out to first. Bolsinger struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Burns popped out to third. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Reddick singled to center. Vogt lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Rollins tripled to right. Kendrick struck out looking. Gonzalez popped out to second. Grandal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Lawrie doubled to right. Sogard struck out swinging. Semien reached on infield single to shortstop, Lawrie to third. Fuld reached on bunt single to first, Lawrie scored, Semien to second. Chavez sacrificed to first, Semien to third, Fuld to second. Burns grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Ethier doubled to right. Puig homered to left (386 feet), Ethier scored. Pederson fouled out to third. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Bolsinger struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Bolsinger pitching for Dodgers. Davis walked. Reddick singled to right, Davis to second. Vogt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reddick out at second, Davis to third. Lawrie doubled to right center, Davis scored. Sogard flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Rollins grounded out to second. Kendrick lined out to second. Gonzalez walked. Grandal grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Nicasio pitching for Dodgers. Semien grounded out to shortstop. Fuld struck out looking. Smolinski hit for Chavez. Smolinski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Abad pitching for Athletics. Ethier flied out to left. Puig grounded out to pitcher. Pederson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Nicasio pitching for Dodgers. Burns walked. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Van Slyke in left field. Phegley hit for Davis. Phegley singled to left, Burns to second. Reddick grounded into fielder's choice to second, Burns to third, Phegley safe at second on error by second baseman Kendrick. Vogt struck out swinging. Lawrie singled to left, Burns and Phegley scored, Reddick to second. Reddick stole third. Lawrie stole second. Sogard singled to center, Reddick and Lawrie scored. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Semien popped out to second. Fuld singled to right, Sogard to third. Butler hit for Abad. Butler fouled out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Phegley catching. Vogt at first base. Rodriguez pitching for Athletics. Guerrero struck out swinging. Van Slyke walked. Rollins popped out to second. Kendrick walked, Van Slyke to second. Pomeranz pitching for Athletics. Gonzalez doubled to deep center, Van Slyke scored, Kendrick to third. Grandal reached on infield single to third, Kendrick scored, Gonzalez to third. Hernández hit for Báez. Hernández doubled to deep center, Gonzalez and Grandal scored. Otero pitching for Athletics. Puig singled to left, Hernández scored, Puig out at second attempting to advance on throw. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Peralta pitching for Dodgers. Callaspo at third base. Burns popped out to shortstop. Phegley grounded out to third. Reddick flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Otero pitching for Athletics. Pederson struck out swinging. Callaspo singled to center. Van Slyke flied out to left. O'Flaherty pitching for Athletics. Rollins doubled to left, Callaspo to third. Kendrick singled to center, Callaspo and Rollins scored. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Vogt struck out swinging. Lawrie homered to center (436 feet). Sogard grounded out to second. Semien flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 7 - Dodgers 10.	Dodgers rally in 7th for dramatic win over A's