Athletics - Top 1st. Chen pitching for Orioles. Burns struck out swinging. Crisp doubled to left. Valencia singled to left, Crisp to third. Phegley struck out swinging. Lawrie struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Machado flied out to center. Parra homered to right (390 feet). Jones struck out swinging. Davis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Chen pitching for Orioles. Butler fouled out to first. Canha lined out to center. Semien doubled to first. Fuld doubled to deep right, Semien scored. Burns struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Schoop singled to center. Clevenger singled to right, Schoop to third. Hardy struck out looking. Urrutia grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Schoop out at home, Urrutia to second, Clevenger to second, Clevenger to third advancing on throw. Joseph doubled to left, Clevenger and Urrutia scored. Machado doubled to left, Joseph scored. Parra singled to right, Machado scored, Parra out stretching at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Chen pitching for Orioles. Crisp struck out swinging. Valencia struck out swinging. Phegley grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Jones homered to center (431 feet). Davis struck out looking. Schoop grounded out to third. Clevenger doubled to deep center. Hardy grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Chen pitching for Orioles. Lawrie homered to left (391 feet). Butler singled to left. Canha popped out to second. Semien popped out to second. Fuld grounded into fielder's choice to second, Butler out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Graveman pitching for Athletics. Urrutia lined out to center. Joseph walked. Otero pitching for Athletics. Machado grounded into double play, third to second to first, Joseph out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Chen pitching for Orioles. Burns popped out to pitcher. Crisp lined out to left. Valencia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Otero pitching for Athletics. Parra singled to center. Jones singled to right center, Parra to second. Davis singled to left, Parra scored, Jones to second. Schoop singled to right, Jones to third, Davis to second. Clevenger grounded out to second, Jones scored, Davis to third, Schoop to second. Hardy struck out swinging. Urrutia singled to center, Davis and Schoop scored. Joseph singled to center, Urrutia to third. Machado doubled to left, Urrutia and Joseph scored. Parra doubled to deep left center, Machado scored. Mujica pitching for Athletics. Jones homered to center (413 feet), Parra scored. Davis singled to right. Schoop lined out to shortstop. 9 Runs, 10 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Chen pitching for Orioles. Phegley singled to right. Lawrie reached on infield single to shortstop, Phegley to second. Butler fouled out to first. Canha popped out to second. Semien struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Mujica pitching for Athletics. Clevenger singled to right. Hardy flied out to right. Urrutia grounded out to second, Clevenger to second. Joseph homered to left (385 feet), Clevenger scored. Machado reached on infield single to third. Abad pitching for Athletics. Parra singled to center, Machado to second. Jones walked, Machado to third, Parra to second. Davis lined out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Flaherty at shortstop. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Fuld struck out looking. Burns struck out swinging. Crisp singled to left. Valencia flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Sogard at shortstop. Scribner pitching for Athletics. Schoop doubled to deep left. Clevenger singled to center, Schoop to third. Flaherty struck out looking. Urrutia reached on infield single to second, Schoop scored, Clevenger to third. Joseph struck out swinging. Reimold hit for Machado. Reimold grounded into fielder's choice to third, Urrutia out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Reimold in right field. Parra in center field. Paredes at third base. Garcia pitching for Orioles. Clevenger at first base. Phegley grounded out to third. Lawrie struck out looking. Butler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Davis pitching for Athletics. Parra lined out to left. Paredes doubled to deep right center. Garcia walked. Schoop struck out swinging. Clevenger flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Garcia pitching for Orioles. Canha grounded out to third. Sogard grounded out to second. Fuld walked. Fuld to second on wild pitch by Garcia. Burns grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 2 - Orioles 18.	Orioles use 26-hit attack to beat Athletics 18-2