Angels - Top 1st. Doubront pitching for Athletics. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout walked. Pujols walked, Trout to second. Cron flied out to left. Aybar singled to center, Trout scored, Pujols to second. Victorino singled to left, Pujols to third, Aybar to second. Iannetta struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Santiago pitching for Angels. Burns singled to left. Canha struck out swinging. Lawrie struck out swinging. Valencia lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Doubront pitching for Athletics. Cowart grounded out to pitcher. Green grounded out to third. Calhoun flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Santiago pitching for Angels. Phegley struck out swinging. Smolinski struck out looking. Butler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Doubront pitching for Athletics. Trout grounded out to pitcher. Pujols reached on infield single to second. Cron singled to right, Pujols to third. Aybar hit sacrifice fly to right, Pujols scored, Cron to second. Victorino singled to right, Cron to third. Cron stole home, Victorino stole second. Iannetta struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Santiago pitching for Angels. Reddick doubled to deep right. Semien grounded out to third. Burns flied out to center, Reddick to third. Canha walked. Lawrie walked, Canha to second. Valencia doubled to left, Reddick and Canha scored, Lawrie to third. Phegley walked. Smolinski doubled to left, Lawrie, Valencia and Phegley scored. Salas pitching for Angels. Butler struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Doubront pitching for Athletics. Cowart walked. Green grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cowart out at second. Calhoun struck out swinging. Green caught stealing second, catcher to second. Trout batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Salas pitching for Angels. Reddick fouled out to left. Semien flied out to center. Burns grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Doubront pitching for Athletics. Trout lined out to left. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Cron struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Salas pitching for Angels. Canha struck out swinging. Lawrie safe at first on error by third baseman Cowart. Valencia doubled to deep left, Lawrie scored. Gott pitching for Angels. Phegley lined out to center, Valencia to third. Smolinski struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 6th. Doubront pitching for Athletics. Aybar reached on bunt single to first. Victorino grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Aybar out at second. Iannetta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Gott pitching for Angels. Butler doubled to deep right. Álvarez pitching for Angels. Reddick walked. Semien singled to left, Butler to third, Reddick to second. Burns grounded into double play, third to first to catcher, Reddick out at third, Butler out at home, Semien to second, Burns to first. Canha homered to left (373 feet), Semien and Burns scored. Lawrie struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Doubront pitching for Athletics. Cowart singled to right. Green walked, Cowart to second. Mujica pitching for Athletics. Calhoun grounded into fielder's choice to first, Green out at second, Cowart to third. Trout lined out to right. Pujols singled to left, Cowart scored, Calhoun to second. Cron lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Valencia grounded out to shortstop. Phegley struck out looking. Smolinski struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Abad pitching for Athletics. Aybar singled to center. Victorino flied out to right. Aybar to second on wild pitch by Abad. Iannetta walked. Cowart singled to left, Aybar scored, Iannetta to second. Green struck out swinging. Iannetta to third, Cowart to second on wild pitch by Abad. Calhoun flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Butler walked. Ramos pitching for Angels. Reddick walked, Butler to second. Semien singled to center, Butler scored, Reddick to third. Burns struck out swinging. Canha hit sacrifice fly to center, Reddick scored. Lawrie struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Scribner pitching for Athletics. Trout struck out swinging. Pomeranz pitching for Athletics. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Cron grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Athletics 11.	Mark Canha hits 3-run HR as Athletics beat Angels 11-5