Mariners - Top 1st. Brooks pitching for Athletics. Marte safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Semien. Seager walked, Marte to second. Gutiérrez struck out looking. Canó grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Olmos pitching for Mariners. Burns singled to center. Canha safe at first on error by third baseman Seager, Burns to second. Lawrie singled to left, Burns to third, Canha to second. Valencia homered to right (382 feet), Burns, Canha and Lawrie scored. Phegley grounded out to shortstop. Smolinski reached on infield single to first. Butler walked, Smolinski to second. Ladendorf grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Butler out at second, Smolinski to third. Semien flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 2nd. Brooks pitching for Athletics. Smith walked. Trumbo fouled out to catcher. Morrison singled to left center, Smith to third. Miller hit sacrifice fly to left, Smith scored. Hicks struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Romero in left field. Olmos pitching for Mariners. Burns popped out to second. Canha singled to center. Canha stole second. Lawrie doubled to deep center, Canha scored. Ramírez pitching for Mariners. Valencia grounded out to third. Phegley struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Brooks pitching for Athletics. Marte doubled to deep right. Seager doubled to deep right, Marte scored. Romero singled to center, Seager scored. Canó singled to right, Romero to second. Smith flied out to left. Trumbo singled to left, Romero to third, Canó to second. Venditte pitching for Athletics. Morrison doubled to deep right, Romero and Canó scored, Trumbo to third. Miller doubled to deep left, Trumbo and Morrison scored. Hicks flied out to center. Marte struck out looking. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Smolinski flied out to right. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Ladendorf lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Abad pitching for Athletics. Seager singled to right center. Romero homered to right center (397 feet), Seager scored. Canó flied out to center. Smith flied out to center. Trumbo flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Zych pitching for Mariners. Semien struck out swinging. Burns walked. Burns caught stealing second, catcher to second. Canha struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Abad pitching for Athletics. Morrison grounded out to third. Miller walked. Hicks lined out to center. Miller caught stealing second, catcher to second. Marte batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Zych pitching for Mariners. Lawrie grounded out to third. Valencia singled to center. Phegley struck out swinging. Smolinski lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Marte struck out swinging. Seager fouled out to third. Romero struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Zych pitching for Mariners. Butler doubled to deep right center. Crisp hit for Ladendorf. Crisp reached on infield single to shortstop, Butler to third. Guaipe pitching for Mariners. Semien tripled to deep right center, Butler and Crisp scored. Burns reached on infield single to shortstop, Semien scored. Burns caught stealing second, catcher to second. Canha walked. Lawrie grounded into double play, third to second to first, Canha out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Crisp in left field. Dull pitching for Athletics. Canó grounded out to second. Smith struck out swinging. Trumbo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Kensing pitching for Mariners. Valencia grounded out to second. Vogt hit for Phegley. Nuño pitching for Mariners. Vogt singled to center. Smolinski flied out to right. Smith pitching for Mariners. Reddick hit for Butler. Reddick singled to center, Vogt to third. Crisp fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Vogt catching. Rodriguez pitching for Athletics. Morrison reached on infield single to third. Miller grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morrison out at second. Miller caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Hicks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Mariners. Semien grounded out to third. Burns lined out to center. Canha singled to center. Lawrie singled to center, Canha to second. Valencia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Pomeranz pitching for Athletics. Marte singled to right. Seager homered to right center (400 feet), Marte scored. Romero struck out swinging. Canó grounded out to second. Smith struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Vogt walked. Smolinski grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vogt out at second. Reddick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 11 - Athletics 8.	Morrison, Seager help Mariners outslug A's, 11-8