Rangers - Top 1st. Nolin pitching for Athletics. DeShields walked. Choo sacrificed to first, DeShields to second. Beltré singled to right, DeShields scored, Beltré to second on error by catcher Blair. Fielder lined out to left. Napoli grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Burns singled to right. Burns to second on wild pitch by Pérez. Canha grounded out to third. Lawrie struck out swinging. Valencia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Nolin pitching for Athletics. Moreland singled to shallow right. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moreland out at second. Odor flied out to right. Gimenez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Butler flied out to center. Reddick walked. Smolinski tripled to deep center, Reddick scored. Semien tripled to deep center, Smolinski scored. Blair walked. Burns bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Semien out at home, Blair to second. Canha singled to center, Blair scored, Burns to second. Lawrie struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Nolin pitching for Athletics. DeShields lined out to right. Choo struck out swinging. Beltré flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Valencia walked. Butler singled to left, Valencia to second. Reddick grounded into fielder's choice to second, Butler out at second, Valencia to third. Smolinski grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Valencia scored, Reddick out at second. Semien struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Nolin pitching for Athletics. Fielder flied out to left. Napoli doubled to left. Moreland singled to right, Napoli to third. Andrus popped out to shortstop. Odor flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Blair grounded out to shortstop. Burns grounded out to second. Canha fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Nolin pitching for Athletics. Gimenez walked. DeShields singled to right, Gimenez to third, DeShields to second advancing on throw. Choo hit sacrifice fly to center, Gimenez scored, DeShields to third. Beltré hit sacrifice fly to center, DeShields scored. Fielder grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Lawrie singled to center. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Valencia safe at first on error by third baseman Beltré, Lawrie to second. Butler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Valencia out at second, Lawrie to third. Reddick safe at second on error by left fielder Napoli, Lawrie scored. Smolinski fouled out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Nolin pitching for Athletics. Napoli reached on infield single to second. Venable ran for Napoli. Moreland homered to center (408 feet), Venable scored. Pomeranz pitching for Athletics. Andrus reached on infield single to catcher. Odor sacrificed to first, Andrus to second, Odor safe at first on error by first baseman Canha. Gimenez sacrificed to third, Andrus to third, Odor to second. DeShields hit sacrifice fly to center, Andrus scored, Odor to third. Choo lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Venable in left field. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Semien flied out to center. Blair flied out to center. Burns grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Coulombe pitching for Athletics. Beltré struck out swinging. Fielder flied out to left. Venable grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Kela pitching for Rangers. Canha grounded out to shortstop. Lawrie lined out to right. Valencia walked. Butler popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Coulombe pitching for Athletics. Moreland grounded out to second. Andrus doubled to left. Andrus to third on wild pitch by Coulombe. Odor singled to right, Andrus scored. Alvarez pitching for Athletics. Gimenez hit ground rule double to deep right, Odor to third. DeShields hit sacrifice fly to second, Odor scored. Choo flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Diekman pitching for Rangers. Reddick struck out swinging. Dyson pitching for Rangers. Crisp hit for Smolinski. Crisp struck out swinging. Semien singled to center. Vogt hit for Blair. Semien to second on wild pitch by Dyson. Vogt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Crisp in left field. Anderson catching. Venditte pitching for Athletics. Beltré doubled to center. Fielder struck out swinging. Venable struck out swinging. Moreland walked. Andrus walked, Beltré to third, Moreland to second. Odor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Stubbs in center field. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Burns fouled out to third. Canha doubled to deep center. Lawrie grounded out to pitcher. Valencia singled to left, Canha scored. Valencia to second on fielder's indifference. Butler grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 8 - Athletics 6.	Mitch Moreland has tying 2-run homer, helps Rangers rally