Giants - Top 1st. Nolin pitching for Athletics. Pagán struck out swinging. Tomlinson reached on infield single to shortstop. Duffy singled to left center, Tomlinson to second. Posey flied out to right. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Duffy out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Heston pitching for Giants. Burns struck out swinging. Canha struck out swinging. Reddick grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Nolin pitching for Athletics. Crawford reached on infield single to third. Parker singled to right, Crawford to second. Williamson singled to right, Crawford to third, Parker to second. Brown hit sacrifice fly to center, Crawford scored, Parker to third, Williamson to second. Pagán hit sacrifice fly to center, Parker scored. Tomlinson singled to right, Williamson scored. Duffy flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Heston pitching for Giants. Valencia grounded out to shortstop. Vogt grounded out to second. Butler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Nolin pitching for Athletics. Posey singled to center. Byrd grounded out to second, Posey to second. Crawford safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Lawrie, Posey to third. Parker walked, Crawford to second. León pitching for Athletics. Williamson hit sacrifice fly to right, Posey scored, Crawford to third. Brown singled to center, Crawford scored, Parker to third. Pagán grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Heston pitching for Giants. Lawrie grounded out to second. Fuld grounded out to pitcher. Semien flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Leon pitching for Athletics. Tomlinson flied out to right. Duffy flied out to center. Posey grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Heston pitching for Giants. Burns flied out to left. Canha doubled to deep center. Reddick walked. Valencia hit by pitch, Canha to third, Reddick to second. Vogt grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Valencia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Muncy at third base. Leon pitching for Athletics. Byrd struck out swinging. Crawford walked. Parker struck out swinging. Williamson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Heston pitching for Giants. Butler singled to center. Lawrie singled to left center, Butler to second. Fuld grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lawrie out at second, Butler to third. Semien walked. Burns doubled to shallow center, Butler and Semien scored. Canha popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Otero pitching for Athletics. Brown lined out to center. Pagán flied out to center. Tomlinson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Heston pitching for Giants. Reddick singled to right. Muncy tripled to deep left, Reddick scored. Kontos pitching for Giants. Vogt singled to right, Muncy scored. Butler flied out to center. Lawrie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vogt out at second. Fuld struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Otero pitching for Athletics. Duffy grounded out to third. Posey singled to center. Byrd lined out to left. Coulombe pitching for Athletics. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to third, Posey out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Semien grounded out to third. Burns reached on infield single to second, Burns to second on throwing error by second baseman Tomlinson. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Canha grounded out to third. López pitching for Giants. Reddick popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 8th. Coulombe pitching for Athletics. Parker singled to left. Williamson singled to left, Parker to second. Mujica pitching for Athletics. Brown fouled out to catcher. Pagán flied out to center, Parker to third. Tomlinson fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Smolinski hit for Muncy. Strickland pitching for Giants. Sogard hit for Smolinski. Sogard struck out swinging. Vogt grounded out to shortstop. Butler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Sogard at second base. Lawrie at third base. Rodriguez pitching for Athletics. Duffy grounded out to pitcher. Posey grounded out to shortstop. Byrd lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Casilla pitching for Giants. Lawrie lined out to center. Fuld struck out swinging. Crisp hit for Semien. Crisp walked. Burns struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 5 - Athletics 4.	Heston wins 1st game in 2 months as Giants beats A's 5-4