Athletics - Top 1st. Santiago pitching for Angels. Burns singled to left. Canha hit by pitch, Burns to second. Lawrie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Canha out at second, Burns to third. Valencia walked, Lawrie to second. Butler flied out to center, Burns scored on error by first baseman Cron. Smolinski walked, Lawrie to third, Valencia to second. Semien flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 1st. Doubront pitching for Athletics. Aybar bunt grounded out to pitcher. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout walked. Pujols grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Santiago pitching for Angels. Gentry grounded out to second. Anderson flied out to left. Burns struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Doubront pitching for Athletics. Cron singled to shallow center. Freese struck out swinging. Victorino lined into double play, third to first, Cron doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Santiago pitching for Angels. Canha flied out to right. Lawrie struck out swinging. Valencia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Doubront pitching for Athletics. Iannetta walked. Giavotella doubled to deep right, Iannetta scored, Giavotella to third on error by center fielder Burns. Aybar doubled to deep left center, Giavotella scored. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout struck out swinging, Aybar stole third. Pujols grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 4th. Santiago pitching for Angels. Butler lined out to third. Smolinski struck out looking. Semien homered to left (397 feet). Gentry safe at first on error by third baseman Freese. Gentry caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Anderson batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 4th. Doubront pitching for Athletics. Cron reached on infield single to third. Freese walked, Cron to second. Victorino sacrificed to first, Cron to third, Freese to second. Iannetta hit sacrifice fly to center, Cron scored, Freese out at third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Santiago pitching for Angels. Anderson grounded out to second. Burns struck out swinging. Canha fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Doubront pitching for Athletics. Giavotella grounded out to second. Aybar grounded out to third. Calhoun grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Santiago pitching for Angels. Lawrie hit by pitch. Valencia flied out to center. Butler doubled to deep right center, Lawrie to third. Smolinski hit sacrifice fly to right, Lawrie scored, Butler to third. Rasmus pitching for Angels. Semien walked. Crisp hit for Gentry. Álvarez pitching for Angels. Crisp singled to shallow right, Butler scored, Semien thrown out at third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Smolinski in right field. Crisp in left field. Doubront pitching for Athletics. Trout grounded out to third. Pujols homered to center (402 feet). Cron flied out to left. Freese walked. Victorino flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Alvarez pitching for Angels. Anderson singled to center. Burns grounded out to first, Anderson to second. Canha struck out looking. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Lawrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Athletics. Iannetta struck out swinging. Giavotella flied out to right. Aybar lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Valencia struck out swinging. Butler struck out looking. Reddick hit for Smolinski. Reddick singled to right. Gott pitching for Angels. Semien grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reddick out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Reddick in right field. Coulombe pitching for Athletics. Calhoun grounded out to first. Mujica pitching for Athletics. Trout flied out to center. Pujols fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Gott pitching for Angels. Crisp singled to shallow center. Anderson sacrificed to third, Crisp to second. Burns grounded out to second. Canha grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Mujica pitching for Athletics. Cron singled to shallow center. Cowgill ran for Cron. Freese safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Mujica, Cowgill to third. Victorino intentionally walked. Murphy hit for Iannetta. Abad pitching for Athletics. Murphy singled to left, Cowgill scored, Freese to third, Victorino to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Athletics 4 - Angels 5.	Angels rally past A's in 9th for their 6th straight win, 5-4