Braves - Top 1st . Straily pitching for Marlins . Inciarte struck out swinging . Swanson popped out to shortstop . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Colon pitching for Braves . Gordon singled to right . Realmuto singled to center , Gordon to third , Realmuto to second advancing on throw . Yelich singled to left , Gordon scored , Realmuto to third . Stanton walked , Yelich to second . Bour hit sacrifice fly to left , Realmuto scored , Yelich to third , Stanton to second . Ozuna hit sacrifice fly to right , Yelich scored , Stanton to third . Dietrich walked . Riddle lined out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Straily pitching for Marlins . Markakis grounded out to pitcher . García struck out swinging . Phillips doubled to left . Phillips stole third . Flowers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Colon pitching for Braves . Straily lined out to right . Gordon bunt grounded out to third . Realmuto popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Straily pitching for Marlins . Bonifacio reached on infield single to shortstop . Colón bunt popped out to first . Inciarte grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bonifacio out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Colon pitching for Braves . Yelich reached on infield single to first . Stanton struck out swinging . Bour singled to center , Yelich to third . Ozuna homered to right ( 411 feet ) , Yelich and Bour scored . Dietrich flied out to center . Riddle lined out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Straily pitching for Marlins . Swanson struck out swinging . Freeman flied out to center . Markakis homered to right ( 390 feet ) . García grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Colon pitching for Braves . Straily struck out looking . Gordon singled to right . Realmuto grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Straily pitching for Marlins . Phillips hit by pitch . Phillips stole second . Flowers walked . Bonifacio walked , Phillips to third , Flowers to second . Peterson hit for Colón . Peterson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Phillips scored , Bonifacio out at second , Flowers to third , Flowers scored on error by pitcher Straily . Inciarte flied out to left . Swanson lined out to right . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Yelich singled to right . Stanton struck out swinging , Yelich stole second . Bour fouled out to third . Ozuna homered to left ( 393 feet ) , Yelich scored . Dietrich struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Ziegler pitching for Marlins . Freeman singled to left center . Markakis grounded out to first , Freeman to second . García singled to left center , Freeman scored . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , García out at second . Flowers flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Riddle struck out swinging . Moore hit for Ziegler . Moore struck out swinging . Gordon singled to right . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Camargo hit for Foltynewicz . Camargo struck out swinging , Camargo safe at first on wild pitch by Barraclough . Inciarte singled to right , Camargo to third . Inciarte stole second . Swanson walked . Freeman struck out swinging . Markakis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Yelich grounded out to first . Stanton struck out looking . Bour grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . García struck out looking . Phillips doubled to center . Flowers flied out to right . Bonifacio struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Krol pitching for Braves . Ozuna walked . Dietrich grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Ozuna out at second . Riddle grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Rojas at third base . d'Arnaud hit for Krol . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . Inciarte grounded out to second . Swanson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 4 - Marlins 8 .	Cat takes cover as Ozuna 's 2 HRs help Miami beat Braves , 8 - 4