Cardinals - Top 1st . Straily pitching for Marlins . Wong struck out swinging . Grichuk popped out to third . Carpenter lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Realmuto grounded out to third . Yelich struck out looking . Ozuna flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Suzuki in center field . Straily pitching for Marlins . Gyorko flied out to center . Molina grounded out to third . Díaz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Stanton walked . Dietrich flied out to right . Bour grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Straily pitching for Marlins . Pham struck out looking . Sierra walked . Wainwright struck out swinging . Sierra caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Wong batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Hechavarria grounded out to second . Straily grounded out to pitcher . Gordon singled to left . Realmuto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Riddle at shortstop . Straily pitching for Marlins . Wong flied out to center . Grichuk hit by pitch . Carpenter singled to right , Grichuk to third . Gyorko grounded into double play , third to second to first , Carpenter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Suzuki struck out swinging . Ozuna singled to left . Stanton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ozuna out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Straily pitching for Marlins . Molina doubled to right center . Díaz popped out to second . Pham doubled to left center , Molina scored . Sierra struck out swinging . Wainwright grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Dietrich hit by pitch . Bour walked , Dietrich to second . Riddle grounded out to pitcher , Dietrich to third , Bour to second . Straily sacrificed to first , Dietrich scored , Bour to third . Gordon grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Straily pitching for Marlins . Wong grounded out to third . Grichuk struck out swinging . Carpenter flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Realmuto singled to center . Suzuki singled to center , Realmuto to third . Ozuna grounded out to pitcher , Suzuki to second . Stanton intentionally walked . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . Dietrich doubled to right , Realmuto and Suzuki scored , Stanton to third . Bour singled to right , Stanton scored , Dietrich to third . Riddle hit sacrifice fly to center , Dietrich scored . Straily struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Straily pitching for Marlins . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop . Molina flied out to right . Díaz grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Gordon bunt grounded out to catcher . Realmuto grounded out to pitcher . Suzuki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Pham doubled to deep right . Sierra singled to left , Pham to third , Sierra to second advancing on throw . Adams hit for Bowman . Adams singled to left , Pham scored , Sierra to third , Adams to second advancing on throw . Wong walked . Grichuk hit sacrifice fly to left , Sierra scored . Carpenter walked , Adams to third , Wong to second . Ziegler pitching for Marlins . Gyorko singled to left center , Adams and Wong scored , Carpenter to second . Molina fouled out to second . Díaz popped out to catcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Ozuna walked . Stanton popped out to second . Dietrich flied out to left . Bour grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Pham grounded out to shortstop . Sierra reached on infield single to pitcher , Sierra to second on throwing error by pitcher Ramos . Fowler hit for Rosenthal . Fowler singled to right , Sierra scored . Wong grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Fowler out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Riddle grounded out to shortstop . Telis hit for Ramos . Telis flied out to left . Gordon fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Marlins 5 .	Fowler 's RBI single in 9th helps Cards rally past Miami 6 - 5