Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Urena pitching for Marlins . Fuentes flied out to center . Peralta singled to right . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , third to second to first , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Gordon grounded out to catcher . Stanton doubled to deep center . Stanton to third on passed ball by Iannetta . Yelich homered to right ( 408 feet ) , Stanton scored . Ozuna flied out to right . Realmuto walked . Bour homered to left center ( 414 feet ) , Realmuto scored . Colón grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Urena pitching for Marlins . Lamb grounded out to second . Tomás doubled to deep right center . Drury walked . Owings grounded out to second , Tomás to third , Drury to second . Iannetta grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Riddle grounded out to second . Ureña lined out to right . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Urena pitching for Marlins . Corbin grounded out to first . Fuentes grounded out to shortstop . Peralta singled to left . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 380 feet ) , Peralta scored . Lamb lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Stanton struck out looking . Yelich singled to shortstop . Ozuna grounded into double play , second to first , Yelich out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Urena pitching for Marlins . Tomás struck out swinging . Drury grounded out to second . Owings grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Realmuto doubled to second . Bour struck out swinging . Colón safe at first on error by shortstop Owings , Realmuto to third . Riddle grounded out to first , Realmuto scored , Colón to second . Ureña struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Urena pitching for Marlins . Iannetta homered to right center ( 396 feet ) . Corbin singled to right . Fuentes singled to center , Corbin to second . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fuentes out at second , Corbin to third . Goldschmidt singled to center , Corbin scored , Peralta to second . Lamb singled to right center , Peralta scored , Goldschmidt to second , Goldschmidt to third advancing on throw . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Tomás struck out swinging . Drury grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Stanton homered to right ( 354 feet ) . Yelich grounded out to second . Ozuna singled to deep right center . Realmuto flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Owings grounded out to third . Iannetta flied out to right . Corbin grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Bour singled to left . Colón singled to left , Bour to second . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Riddle bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Bour out at third , Colón to second . Moore hit for McGowan . Moore struck out swinging . Gordon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . García pitching for Marlins . Fuentes grounded out to shortstop . Peralta popped out to shortstop . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Goldschmidt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Stanton walked . Yelich lined out to third . Wilhelmsen pitching for Diamondbacks . Ozuna reached on infield single to third , Stanton to second . Realmuto singled to center , Stanton scored , Ozuna to second . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Bour grounded out to second , Ozuna to third , Realmuto to second . Colón grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . Tomás grounded out to third . Drury lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Riddle grounded out to catcher . Suzuki hit for Phelps . Suzuki struck out looking . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Owings struck out swinging . Iannetta struck out swinging . Descalso hit for Chafin . Descalso lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Marlins 7 .	Stanton takes Marlins ' all - time RBI lead with HR