Marlins - Top 1st . Glasnow pitching for Pirates . Gordon singled to left . Gordon caught stealing second , catcher to second . Stanton flied out to left . Yelich grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Richard Worley pitching for Marlins . Frazier doubled to deep left center . Harrison doubled to right , Frazier scored . Polanco flied out to left . Freese grounded out to second , Harrison to third . Bell flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Glasnow pitching for Pirates . Ozuna singled to left . Dietrich singled to center , Ozuna to third . Moore hit sacrifice fly to right , Ozuna scored . Riddle singled to right , Dietrich to second . Ellis grounded out to first , Dietrich to third , Riddle to second . Worley reached on infield single to third , Dietrich scored , Riddle to third . Gordon lined out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Richard Worley pitching for Marlins . McCutchen walked . Mercer flied out to right . Stallings struck out looking . Glasnow struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Glasnow pitching for Pirates . Stanton homered to center ( 465 feet ) . Yelich flied out to left . Ozuna singled to left . Dietrich flied out to right . Moore homered to left ( 391 feet ) , Ozuna scored . Riddle flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Richard Worley pitching for Marlins . Frazier flied out to center . Harrison hit by pitch . Polanco walked , Harrison to second . Freese singled to center , Harrison scored , Polanco to second . Bell singled to right , Polanco to third , Freese to second . McCutchen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bell out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Glasnow pitching for Pirates . Ellis singled to center . Worley sacrificed to first , Ellis to second . Gordon doubled to shallow left , Ellis to third . Stanton grounded out to second , Ellis scored . Gordon stole third . Gordon scored on throwing error by catcher Stallings . Yelich struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Richard Worley pitching for Marlins . Mercer reached on infield single to second . Stallings grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mercer out at second . Osuna hit for Glasnow . Osuna doubled to deep center , Stallings to third . Frazier grounded out to first , Stallings scored , Osuna to third . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Harrison walked . Polanco grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . LeBlanc pitching for Pirates . Ozuna struck out looking . Dietrich grounded out to first . Moore grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Bell safe at first on error by shortstop Riddle . Bell to second on wild pitch by McGowan . McCutchen walked . Mercer lined into double play , shortstop to second , Bell doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 6th . LeBlanc pitching for Pirates . Riddle doubled to left . Ellis bunt popped out to third . Suzuki hit for McGowan . Suzuki singled to center , Riddle scored , Suzuki to second advancing on throw . Gordon doubled to shallow left , Suzuki scored . Stanton doubled to left , Gordon scored . Yelich grounded out to pitcher , Stanton to third . Ozuna struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Stallings doubled to deep right . Gosselin hit for LeBlanc . Gosselin flied out to right . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . Harrison struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Gosselin at second base . Neverauskas pitching for Pirates . Dietrich grounded out to first . Moore homered to left ( 374 feet ) . Riddle lined out to left . Ellis hit by pitch . Barraclough struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Polanco flied out to right . Freese singled to right . Bell lined out to right . McCutchen singled to left , Freese to second . Mercer lined out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Neverauskas pitching for Pirates . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Stanton walked . Yelich singled to left , Stanton to second . Ozuna singled to center , Stanton to third , Yelich to second . Dietrich grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Stanton scored , Yelich out at third , Ozuna to second . Moore singled to left , Ozuna to third , Dietrich to second . Riddle grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Telis at first base . Ozuna in center field . Dietrich in left field . Moore in right field . Colón at third base . García pitching for Marlins . Stallings singled to center . Gosselin lined out to second . Frazier doubled to left center , Stallings scored . Díaz hit for Neverauskas . Díaz struck out swinging . Frazier to third on wild pitch by García . Polanco struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Ellis flied out to center . Telis grounded out to third . Gordon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Ellington pitching for Marlins . Freese walked . Bell walked , Freese to second . McCutchen singled to right , Freese to third , Bell to second . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Mercer singled to center , Freese and Bell scored , McCutchen to second . Stallings flied out to center . Gosselin flied out to center . Frazier grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCutchen out at third , Mercer to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 12 - Pirates 7 .	Stanton homers over batter 's eye , Marlins pound Pirates 12 - 7