Marlins - Top 1st . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Gordon grounded out to first . Stanton homered to left ( 407 feet ) . Yelich flied out to center . Ozuna struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Volquez pitching for Marlins . Carpenter flied out to left . Pham grounded out to shortstop . Piscotty grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Bour safe at first on error by second baseman Carpenter . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bour out at second . Dietrich singled to right , Realmuto to third . Riddle hit ground rule double to catcher , Realmuto scored , Dietrich to third . Volquez hit sacrifice fly to left , Dietrich scored . Gordon walked . Stanton homered to center ( 415 feet ) , Riddle and Gordon scored . Yelich grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Volquez pitching for Marlins . Voit struck out looking . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Ozuna homered to left ( 385 feet ) . Bour singled to center . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bour out at second . Dietrich singled to center , Realmuto to third . Riddle grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dietrich out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Volquez pitching for Marlins . DeJong singled to deep right . Garcia singled to right , DeJong to second . Leake sacrificed to pitcher , DeJong to third , Garcia to second . Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to center , DeJong scored . Pham doubled to left center , Garcia scored . Piscotty singled to center , Pham scored . Voit walked , Piscotty to second . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Volquez struck out looking . Gordon singled to left . Stanton singled to left , Gordon to second . Yelich lined out to first . Ozuna doubled to deep left , Gordon scored , Stanton to third . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Bour intentionally walked . Realmuto lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Volquez pitching for Marlins . Martínez reached on infield single to third . DeJong walked , Martínez to second . Garcia reached on bunt single to pitcher , Martínez to third , DeJong to second . Gyorko hit for Brebbia . Gyorko hit sacrifice fly to right , Martínez scored , DeJong to third . Carpenter flied out to left . Pham grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Weaver pitching for Cardinals . Dietrich flied out to right . Riddle flied out to center . Suzuki hit for Volquez . Suzuki singled to left . Suzuki picked off first . Gordon batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Piscotty grounded out to shortstop . Voit flied out to right . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Weaver pitching for Cardinals . Gordon struck out swinging . Stanton walked . Yelich grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Stanton out at second . Ozuna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Martínez reached on infield single to third . DeJong struck out swinging . García pitching for Marlins . Garcia struck out looking . Grichuk hit for Weaver . Grichuk walked , Martínez to second . Carpenter walked , Martínez to third , Grichuk to second . Steckenrider pitching for Marlins . Pham doubled to right , Martínez and Grichuk scored , Carpenter to third . Piscotty grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Bour grounded out to shortstop . Realmuto hit by pitch . Dietrich struck out swinging . Riddle singled to center , Realmuto to third . Prado hit for Steckenrider . Prado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Voit grounded out to shortstop . Molina struck out swinging . Martínez lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . Gordon fouled out to left . Stanton flied out to right . Yelich struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . DeJong struck out swinging . Garcia grounded out to shortstop . Mejia hit for Cecil . Mejia singled to shallow center . Carpenter flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Ozuna struck out swinging . Bour homered to right center ( 411 feet ) . Realmuto singled to right . Dietrich flied into double play , center to first , Realmuto doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Pham grounded out to shortstop . Piscotty struck out swinging . Voit flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 9 - Cardinals 6 .	Stanton homers twice to lead Marlins past Cardinals 9 - 6