Marlins - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Gordon struck out swinging . Stanton popped out to shortstop . Ozuna singled to center . Realmuto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Conley pitching for Marlins . Goodwin grounded out to second . Sánchez singled to right . Harper grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Sánchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Dietrich flied out to right . Moore singled to left . Suzuki grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Moore out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman homered to left ( 412 feet ) . Rendon struck out looking . Wieters grounded out to third . Kendrick singled to center . Difo singled to center , Kendrick to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Rojas reached on infield single to shortstop . Conley sacrificed to pitcher , Rojas to second . Gordon grounded out to third . Stanton hit by pitch . Ozuna grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Goodwin doubled to left . Sánchez sacrificed to third , Goodwin to third . Harper singled to left , Goodwin scored . Zimmerman doubled to center , Harper scored . Rendon intentionally walked . Wieters grounded into double play , third to first , Zimmerman out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Realmuto singled to right . Dietrich grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Realmuto out at second . Moore singled to shallow left , Dietrich to second . Suzuki singled to left center , Dietrich scored , Moore to second . Rojas lined out to center , Moore to third . Conley struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Kendrick flied out to left . Difo struck out swinging . Gonzalez singled to center . Goodwin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Gordon grounded out to first . Stanton grounded out to second . Ozuna flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Sánchez grounded out to first . Harper reached on bunt single to first . Harper to second on wild pitch by Conley . Zimmerman singled to center , Harper scored . Rendon flied out to left . Wieters walked , Zimmerman to second . Kendrick doubled to left , Zimmerman scored , Wieters to third . Difo intentionally walked . Gonzalez lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Realmuto grounded out to third . Dietrich popped out to shortstop . Moore struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Cervenka pitching for Marlins . Goodwin walked . Sánchez hit by pitch , Goodwin to second . Goodwin to third , Sánchez to second on wild pitch by Cervenka . Harper hit sacrifice fly to left , Goodwin scored . Telis at first base . Guerra pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman walked . Rendon fouled out to first . Wieters walked , Sánchez to third , Zimmerman to second . Kendrick singled to left , Sánchez and Zimmerman scored , Wieters to third , Kendrick to second advancing on throw . Difo intentionally walked . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Suzuki singled to center . Rojas struck out looking . Telis popped out to second . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Aviles at first base . Telis catching . Guerra pitching for Marlins . Goodwin popped out to shortstop . Sánchez doubled to center . Harper popped out to shortstop . Zimmerman homered to right ( 363 feet ) , Sánchez scored . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Stevenson in left field . Blanton pitching for Nationals . Stanton struck out swinging . Ozuna fouled out to first . Aviles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Ellington pitching for Marlins . Wieters flied out to left . Stevenson struck out swinging . Difo fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Grace pitching for Nationals . Dietrich flied out to left . Ellis hit for Ellington . Ellis hit by pitch . Suzuki reached on infield single to first , Ellis to second . Rojas grounded out to third , Ellis to third , Suzuki to second . Telis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 1 - Nationals 10 .	Zimmerman , Gonzalez pace Nats over Marlins 10 - 1