Giants - Top 1st . Straily pitching for Marlins . Span lined out to second . Pence walked . Parker fouled out to left . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pence out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Gordon grounded out to second . Stanton singled to left . Ozuna singled to left , Stanton to second . Yelich doubled to deep center , Stanton scored , Ozuna to third . Realmuto popped out to third . Aviles flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Straily pitching for Marlins . Sandoval grounded out to shortstop . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Jones struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Ellis struck out looking . Rojas flied out to center . Straily grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Straily pitching for Marlins . Tomlinson singled to center . Bumgarner grounded out to shortstop , Tomlinson to second . Span homered to right center ( 381 feet ) , Tomlinson scored . Pence grounded out to second . Parker struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Gordon flied out to left . Stanton homered to left center ( 432 feet ) . Ozuna singled to left . Yelich singled to center , Ozuna to third . Realmuto hit sacrifice fly to left , Ozuna scored , Yelich to third on throwing error by left fielder Parker . Aviles lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 4th . Straily pitching for Marlins . Posey singled to center . Sandoval lined out to left . Crawford struck out swinging . Posey caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Ellis homered to left center ( 376 feet ) . Rojas singled to center . Straily sacrificed to pitcher , Rojas to second . Rojas caught stealing third , pitcher to third . Gordon grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Straily pitching for Marlins . Jones doubled to deep right center . Tomlinson grounded out to first , Jones to third . Bumgarner singled to deep left , Jones scored . Span walked , Bumgarner to second . Pence flied out to left . Bumgarner picked off second . Parker batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Stanton struck out swinging . Ozuna struck out swinging . Yelich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Despaigne pitching for Marlins . Parker reached on infield single to third . Posey singled to left center , Parker to second . Sandoval popped out to shortstop . Crawford struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Realmuto doubled to right . Aviles grounded out to shortstop , Realmuto to third . Ellis walked . Rojas grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Tazawa pitching for Marlins . Tomlinson singled to right . Moncrief hit for Bumgarner . Tomlinson to second on wild pitch by Tazawa . Moncrief singled to right , Tomlinson scored . Span singled to right , Moncrief to third , Moncrief scored , Span to third on throwing error by right fielder Stanton . Pence doubled to shallow right , Span scored . Steckenrider pitching for Marlins . Parker lined into double play , pitcher to shortstop , Pence out at second . Posey grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Melancon pitching for Giants . Suzuki hit for Steckenrider . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Gordon bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Suzuki out at second . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gordon out at second . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Sandoval struck out swinging . Crawford struck out swinging . Jones homered to right ( 374 feet ) . Tomlinson popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Strickland pitching for Giants . Yelich struck out swinging . Realmuto singled to left . Dietrich hit for Aviles . Dietrich singled to left , Realmuto to second . Telis hit for Ellis . Telis lined out to center , Realmuto to third . Rojas lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Dietrich at third base . Telis catching . Ellington pitching for Marlins . Hernández hit for Strickland . Hernández singled to center . Span singled to right , Hernández to third . Pence grounded out to shortstop , Hernández scored , Span to second . Span stole third . Span scored on throwing error by catcher Telis . Parker popped out to shortstop . Posey flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Hernández in right field . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Moore hit for Ellington . Moore flied out to center . Gordon fouled out to shortstop . Stanton walked . Ozuna grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 9 - Marlins 4 .	Stanton homers in 6th straight , Marlins fall 9 - 4 to Giants