Marlins - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Gordon flied out to right . Stanton homered to left ( 440 feet ) . Yelich walked . Ozuna walked , Yelich to second . Realmuto lined out to center . Dietrich walked , Yelich to third , Ozuna to second . Telis lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Richard Worley pitching for Marlins . Turner struck out swinging . De Aza flied out to left . Murphy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Rojas flied out to right . Worley struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Richard Worley pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman walked . Lind grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Zimmerman out at second . Rendon walked . Wieters grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Stanton struck out swinging . Yelich singled to center . Ozuna flied out to right . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Yelich out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Richard Worley pitching for Marlins . Difo doubled to right . Jackson singled to center , Difo to third . Turner grounded out to third , Jackson to second . De Aza flied out to center . Murphy singled to center , Difo and Jackson scored . Zimmerman lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Dietrich grounded out to second . Telis singled to center . Rojas struck out swinging . Worley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Telis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Richard Worley pitching for Marlins . Lind doubled to left . Rendon singled to center , Lind scored , Rendon thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Wieters singled to left . Difo grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Wieters out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Gordon singled to center . Gordon stole second . Gordon to third on wild pitch by Jackson . Stanton hit sacrifice fly to center , Gordon scored . Yelich flied out to left . Ozuna grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Richard Worley pitching for Marlins . Jackson struck out swinging . Turner doubled to left . De Aza reached on infield single to third , Turner scored , De Aza to second on throwing error by third baseman Dietrich . Murphy intentionally walked . Zimmerman singled to center , De Aza scored , Murphy to third . García pitching for Marlins . Lind grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Zimmerman out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 6th . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Realmuto struck out swinging . Dietrich struck out swinging . Telis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for Marlins . Rendon struck out swinging . Wieters singled to left . Difo popped out to second . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Jackson pitching for Nationals . Rojas singled to center . Suzuki hit for García . Suzuki singled to center , Rojas to second . Gordon sacrificed to catcher , Rojas to third , Suzuki to second , Gordon safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Jackson . Rojas scored , Suzuki to third on throwing error by pitcher Jackson . Stanton intentionally walked . Pérez pitching for Nationals . Yelich grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suzuki out at home , Gordon to third , Stanton to second . Albers pitching for Nationals . Ozuna struck out looking . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Tazawa pitching for Marlins . Turner flied out to right . De Aza struck out looking . Murphy doubled to deep right center . Zimmerman walked . Lind walked , Murphy to third , Zimmerman to second . Rendon doubled to deep center , Murphy , Zimmerman and Lind scored . Wieters grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . De Aza in right field . Kendrick in left field . Taylor in center field . Kintzler pitching for Nationals . Dietrich grounded out to first . Telis grounded out to shortstop . Rojas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Ellington pitching for Marlins . Kendrick struck out swinging . Taylor struck out looking . Turner walked . De Aza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Doolittle pitching for Nationals . Aviles hit for Ellington . Aviles singled to right . Gordon singled to center , Aviles to second . Stanton popped out to second . Yelich lined out to third . Ozuna grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 3 - Nationals 8 .	Stanton ties August HR record , but Nats beat Marlins 8 - 3