Marlins - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Gordon flied out to center . Stanton flied out to left . Yelich singled to center . Ozuna homered to center ( 434 feet ) , Yelich scored . Bour struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Conley pitching for Marlins . Peralta grounded out to second . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right center . Martinez walked . Iannetta homered to left ( 375 feet ) , Goldschmidt and Martinez scored . Drury grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Realmuto popped out to second . Dietrich singled to right center . Rojas doubled to center , Dietrich scored . Conley sacrificed to pitcher , Rojas to third . Gordon hit ground rule double to deep left , Rojas scored . Stanton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Lamb grounded out to second . Marte doubled to left . Greinke doubled to right , Marte scored . Peralta singled to right , Greinke scored . Pollock flied out to right . Goldschmidt singled to center , Peralta to second . Guerra pitching for Marlins . Martinez batting . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Yelich singled to left . Ozuna walked , Yelich to second . Bour homered to right , Yelich and Ozuna scored . Realmuto singled to left . Dietrich walked , Realmuto to second . Rojas bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Realmuto out at third , Dietrich to second . Suzuki hit for Guerra . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rojas out at second , Dietrich to third . Gordon flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . O'Grady pitching for Marlins . Lamb struck out looking . Marte reached on infield single to second . Greinke sacrificed to pitcher , Marte to second . Peralta fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Stanton flied out to center . Yelich flied out to left . Ozuna homered to right center ( 391 feet ) . Bour struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Tazawa pitching for Marlins . Pollock flied out to right . Goldschmidt walked . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Realmuto singled to right . Realmuto to second on wild pitch by McFarland . Dietrich singled to center , Realmuto to third . Rojas grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Realmuto scored , Dietrich out at second . Tazawa grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Tazawa pitching for Marlins . Iannetta flied out to center . Drury struck out swinging . Lamb singled to right . Marte lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Gordon singled to left . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Stanton struck out swinging . Yelich flied out to right . Ozuna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . García pitching for Marlins . Walker homered to center ( 431 feet ) . Peralta safe at first on error by shortstop Rojas . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Pollock struck out swinging . Goldschmidt walked , Peralta to second . Martinez reached on infield single to third , Peralta to third , Goldschmidt to second . Iannetta homered to center ( 422 feet ) , Peralta , Goldschmidt and Martinez scored . Drury struck out looking . Lamb flied out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Bour grounded out to pitcher . Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks . Realmuto doubled to center . Dietrich struck out swinging . Rojas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Chen pitching for Marlins . Marte grounded out to second . Descalso struck out swinging . Peralta doubled to left . Pollock lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Telis hit for Chen . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Telis hit ground rule double to deep left . Gordon reached on bunt single to third , Telis to third . Gordon stole second . Stanton hit sacrifice fly to right , Telis scored , Gordon to third . Yelich singled to center , Gordon scored . Ozuna struck out swinging . Bour grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Steckenrider pitching for Marlins . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Martinez homered to right center ( 427 feet ) . Iannetta walked . Fuentes hit for Bradley . Fuentes flied out to right . Lamb walked , Iannetta to second . Marte walked , Iannetta to third , Lamb to second . Nicolino pitching for Marlins . Descalso lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks . Realmuto struck out swinging . Dietrich struck out swinging . Rojas walked . Telis singled to left , Rojas to second . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Telis out at second , Rojas to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 11 - Diamondbacks 13 .	Diamondbacks outscore Marlins 13 - 11