Marlins - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Gordon flied out to left . Stanton grounded out to first . Yelich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Urena pitching for Marlins . Blackmon walked . LeMahieu singled to right , Blackmon to third . González grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Blackmon scored , LeMahieu out at second . Arenado singled to center . Reynolds singled to shallow left , Arenado to second . Story homered to center ( 397 feet ) , Arenado and Reynolds scored . Desmond flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Ozuna reached on infield single to third . Realmuto lined out to left . Bour grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Ozuna out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Urena pitching for Marlins . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Anderson struck out swinging . Blackmon singled to left . LeMahieu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Anderson struck out swinging . Rojas grounded out to third . Ureña struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Urena pitching for Marlins . González singled to left . Arenado grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , González out at second . Reynolds popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Gordon singled to center . Stanton flied out to right . Yelich grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Urena pitching for Marlins . Story struck out looking . Desmond reached on infield single to third . Lucroy walked , Desmond to second . Anderson sacrificed to catcher , Desmond to third , Lucroy to second . Blackmon intentionally walked . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Ozuna grounded out to second . Realmuto struck out swinging . Bour grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Urena pitching for Marlins . González doubled to deep center . Arenado homered to center ( 438 feet ) , González scored . Reynolds walked . Story lined out to right . Desmond struck out looking . Lucroy grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Reynolds out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Anderson singled to left . Rojas singled to right , Anderson to second . Ellis hit for Ureña . Ellis struck out looking . Gordon flied out to left . Stanton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . O'Grady pitching for Marlins . Anderson struck out swinging . Blackmon walked . LeMahieu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blackmon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Yelich lined out to center . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Realmuto fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . O'Grady pitching for Marlins . González singled to deep right , González out stretching at second . Guerra pitching for Marlins . Arenado lined out to left . Reynolds singled to left center . Story grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Bour struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Rojas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Guerra pitching for Marlins . Desmond walked . Lucroy singled to center , Desmond to second . Tauchman ran for Lucroy . Amarista hit for Rusin . Amarista grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tauchman out at second , Desmond to third . Blackmon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Wolters catching . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Moore hit for Guerra . Moore struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Stanton doubled to deep left . Yelich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 0 - Rockies 6 .	Anderson goes 7 strong innings , Rockies beat Marlins 6 - 0