Marlins - Top 1st . Gray pitching for Rockies . Gordon grounded out to first . Stanton struck out swinging . Yelich struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Conley pitching for Marlins . Blackmon flied out to left . LeMahieu flied out to right . Arenado lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Bour flied out to right . Dietrich singled to left . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Dietrich out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Story walked . Reynolds walked , Story to second . Desmond homered to right center ( 378 feet ) , Story and Reynolds scored . González walked . Lucroy singled to right , González to second . Gray sacrificed to first , González to third , Lucroy to second . Blackmon reached on infield single to first , González scored , Lucroy to third . Worley pitching for Marlins . Blackmon stole second . LeMahieu popped out to second . Arenado intentionally walked . Story singled to center , Lucroy and Blackmon scored , Arenado to third . Story caught stealing second , catcher to second baseman . Reynolds batting . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Rojas grounded out to shortstop . Worley grounded out to shortstop . Gordon singled to shallow right . Gordon stole second . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Richard Worley pitching for Marlins . Reynolds grounded out to third . Desmond lined out to center . González doubled to deep left center . Lucroy intentionally walked . Gray lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Yelich singled to left . Ozuna singled to center , Yelich to second . Bour lined out to right , Yelich to third . Dietrich grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Yelich scored , Ozuna out at second . Ellis homered to left center ( 414 feet ) , Dietrich scored . Rojas singled to left . Suzuki hit for Worley . Suzuki grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Tazawa pitching for Marlins . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu reached on infield single to third , LeMahieu to second on throwing error by third baseman Dietrich . Arenado intentionally walked . Story doubled to left , LeMahieu and Arenado scored . Reynolds struck out swinging . Desmond singled to center , Story scored . González lined out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 5th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Gordon grounded out to second . Stanton struck out swinging . Yelich grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . O'Grady pitching for Marlins . Lucroy walked . Gray sacrificed to pitcher , Lucroy to second . Blackmon lined out to shortstop . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Ozuna struck out swinging . Bour grounded out to shortstop . Dietrich lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Ellington pitching for Marlins . Arenado struck out swinging . Story flied out to right . Reynolds walked . Desmond walked , Reynolds to second . González doubled to second , Reynolds and Desmond scored . Lucroy walked . Tapia hit for Gray . Tapia doubled to deep left , González and Lucroy scored . Dietrich at first base . Anderson at third base . Nicolino pitching for Marlins . Blackmon singled to left center , Tapia scored . LeMahieu singled to left , Blackmon to second . Arenado flied out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Ellis grounded out to pitcher . Rojas grounded out to shortstop . Anderson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Moore in right field . Nicolino pitching for Marlins . Story lined out to center . Reynolds struck out looking . Desmond struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Valaika at third base . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Gordon reached on infield single to third . Moore doubled to deep right , Gordon to third . Yelich grounded out to second , Gordon scored , Moore to third . Ozuna grounded out to second , Moore scored . Telis hit for Nicolino . Telis grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Guerra pitching for Marlins . González singled to left . Wolters hit for Lucroy . Wolters grounded into fielder 's choice to second , González safe at second on error by second baseman Gordon . Amarista hit for Senzatela . Amarista grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wolters out at second , González to third . Blackmon singled to right , González scored , Amarista to second . Tauchman hit for LeMahieu . Tauchman grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Blackmon out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 9th . Tauchman in center field . McMahon at first base . Wolters catching . Amarista at second base . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Dietrich doubled to deep right . Ellis doubled to deep right , Dietrich scored . Rojas doubled to right , Ellis scored . Anderson doubled to deep right , Rojas scored . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Gordon popped out to first . Moore singled to center , Anderson scored . Neshek pitching for Rockies . Yelich struck out swinging . Ozuna reached on infield single to shortstop , Moore to second . Aviles hit for Guerra . Aviles fouled out to first . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 9 - Rockies 15 .	Desmond leads playoff - chasing Rockies over Marlins 15 - 9