Orioles - Top 1st . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Montanez struck out swinging . Jones flied out to right . Markakis doubled to left . Tejada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Scutaro grounded out to second . Drew flied out to left . Pedroia flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Wigginton walked . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wigginton out at second . Reimold grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wieters to second . Atkins grounded into double play , third to first , Wieters out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Youkilis lined out to center . Martinez grounded out to first . Ortiz homered to left center ( 388 feet ) . Beltre grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Izturis struck out swinging . Montanez flied out to center . Jones grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Hermida walked . Reddick grounded out to second , Hermida to second . Scutaro singled to right , Hermida to third . Drew hit sacrifice fly to left , Hermida scored . Pedroia flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Markakis grounded out to second . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Wigginton walked . Wieters singled to deep left , Wigginton to second . Reimold walked , Wigginton to third , Wieters to second . Atkins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Youkilis safe at first on error by third baseman Tejada . Martinez flied out to center . Ortiz grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Youkilis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 5th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Izturis hit by pitch . Izturis caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Montanez struck out looking . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Beltre reached on infield single to third . Hermida reached on infield single to third , Beltre to second , Beltre to third on throwing error by third baseman Tejada . Reddick grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first to second , Beltre scored , Hermida out at second . Scutaro reached on infield single to second . Drew flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 6th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Markakis grounded out to third . Tejada singled to left . Wigginton singled to right , Tejada to second . Wieters struck out looking . Reimold walked , Tejada to third , Wigginton to second . Atkins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Pedroia flied out to left . Youkilis flied out to right . Martinez walked . Ortiz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Izturis bunt grounded out to third . Montanez singled to right . Montanez stole second . Jones homered to left ( 397 feet ) ,   Montanez scored . Markakis flied out to left . Tejada singled to left . Wigginton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Meredith pitching for Orioles . Beltre walked . McDonald sacrificed to catcher , Beltre to second . Hall walked . Scutaro grounded into double play , third to first , Hall out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Wieters doubled to deep left center . Reimold walked . Atkins bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Reimold out at second , Lugo to third . Scott grounded out to second , Lugo scored , Atkins to second . Montanez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Albers pitching for Orioles . Drew singled to right . Pedroia grounded out to first , Drew to second . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop , Drew to third . Martinez intentionally walked . Ortiz walked , Martinez to second . Beltre walked , Drew scored , Martinez to third , Ortiz to second . McDonald grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltre out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Markakis singled to deep left , Markakis out stretching at second . Tejada walked . Turner to second on wild pitch by Papelbon . Wigginton intentionally walked . Lugo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 3 - Red Sox 4 .	Ortiz hits 1st HR , O 's walk in Red Sox winner