Mariners - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Orioles . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Figgins struck out swinging . Gutierrez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Lee pitching for Mariners . Lugo flied out to center . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Markakis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Orioles . Lopez flied out to left . Langerhans struck out looking . Jo Wilson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Lee pitching for Mariners . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Wigginton flied out to right . Wieters safe at first on error by second baseman Figgins . Reimold grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Orioles . Griffey Jr flied out to left . Johnson grounded out to first . Saunders doubled to deep right . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Lee pitching for Mariners . Atkins flied out to right . Izturis popped out to third . Lugo fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Orioles . Figgins grounded out to second . Gutierrez flied out to center . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Jones grounded out to third . Markakis singled to left center . Tejada doubled to deep right , Markakis to third . Wigginton struck out swinging . Wieters grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Orioles . Langerhans homered to right ( 408 feet ) . Jo Wilson singled to left . Griffey Jr fouled out to third . Johnson reached on infield single to third , Jo Wilson to second . Jo Wilson to third , Johnson to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Saunders popped out to shortstop . Suzuki intentionally walked . Figgins walked , Jo Wilson scored , Johnson to third , Suzuki to second . Gutierrez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Reimold singled to right center . Atkins popped out to second . Izturis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Reimold out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Orioles . Lopez grounded out to second . Langerhans struck out swinging . Jo Wilson walked . Griffey Jr walked , Jo Wilson to second . Jo Wilson to third , Griffey Jr to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Johnson singled to left , Jo Wilson scored , Griffey Jr scored , Johnson to second on error by left fielder Reimold . Berken pitching for Orioles . Saunders singled to right , Johnson scored . Saunders caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Suzuki batting . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Lugo flied out to center . Jones lined out to right . Markakis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Suzuki doubled to deep right . Figgins grounded out to first , Suzuki to third . Gutierrez walked . Lopez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gutierrez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Tejada grounded out to third . Wigginton doubled to deep left . Wieters singled to left center , Wigginton to third . Reimold struck out swinging . Atkins singled to right , Wigginton scored , Wieters to third . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Atkins out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Langerhans flied out to center . Jo Wilson singled to left . Griffey Jr popped out to shortstop . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jo Wilson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Lee pitching for Mariners . Lugo flied out to center . Jones singled to left . Markakis singled to right , Jones to second . League pitching for Mariners . Tejada grounded into double play , second to first , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Meredith pitching for Orioles . Saunders grounded out to second . Suzuki singled to left . Figgins singled to left , Suzuki to second . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Figgins out at second , Suzuki to third . Lopez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . League pitching for Mariners . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop . Wieters grounded out to first . Reimold grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 5 - Orioles 1 .	Lee shuts down O 's to earn first win with M 's