Indians - Top 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Cabrera singled to center . Sizemore grounded out to first , Cabrera to second . Choo flied out to center . Kearns struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Patterson struck out looking . Jones reached on bunt single to third . Markakis struck out swinging . Tejada singled to right , Jones to second . Wigginton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Branyan grounded out to first . Peralta struck out swinging . Grudzielanek flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Scott singled to shallow left . Atkins struck out swinging . Tatum singled to left , Scott to second . Lugo grounded out to second , Scott to third , Tatum to second . Patterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . LaPorta grounded out to pitcher . Marson singled to left . Cabrera grounded out to third , Marson to second . Sizemore singled to center , Marson scored . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sizemore out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Jones struck out swinging . Markakis grounded out to second . Tejada grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Kearns grounded out to pitcher . Branyan grounded out to first . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Wigginton singled to deep right , Wigginton out stretching at second . Scott singled to left center . Atkins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Scott out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Grudzielanek singled to center . LaPorta homered to center ( 403 feet ) , Grudzielanek scored . Marson singled to center . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Marson out at second . Crowe hit for Sizemore . Crowe grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Crowe in center field . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Tatum singled to deep right . Lugo struck out swinging . Patterson walked , Tatum to second . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Patterson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Choo singled to right . Albers pitching for Orioles . Kearns grounded out to shortstop , Choo to second . Branyan struck out looking . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Markakis grounded out to first . Tejada grounded out to first . Wigginton singled to left . Scott popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Albers pitching for Orioles . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . LaPorta grounded out to third . Marson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . Tatum grounded out to shortstop . Lugo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Albers pitching for Orioles . Cabrera grounded out to second . Crowe singled to right . Castillo pitching for Orioles . Choo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crowe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Patterson flied out to center . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Markakis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Castillo pitching for Orioles . Kearns doubled to right . Branyan homered to right ( 364 feet ) , Kearns scored . Meredith pitching for Orioles . Peralta doubled to deep left . Grudzielanek singled to center , Peralta thrown out at home , Grudzielanek to second advancing on throw . LaPorta popped out to third . Marson grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Tejada grounded out to second . Wigginton struck out swinging . Scott homered to left center ( 384 feet ) . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 5 - Orioles 1 .	Westbrook finishes off O 's as Indians win series