Marlins - Top 1st . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Coghlan struck out swinging . Sanchez singled to left . Ramirez hit by pitch , Sanchez to second . Cantu flied out to right . Uggla grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Patterson grounded out to second . Tejada flied out to center . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Ross walked . Stanton singled to center , Ross to third . Helms singled to center , Ross scored , Stanton to second . Paulino flied out to right , Stanton to third . Coghlan singled to center , Stanton scored , Helms to second . Sanchez flied out to right . Ramirez doubled to right , Helms and Coghlan scored . Cantu hit by pitch . Uggla flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Wigginton doubled to deep left . Scott flied out to right . Jones singled to left , Wigginton to third . Wieters homered to left center ( 383 feet ) , Wigginton and Jones scored . Moore flied out to center . Izturis flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Ross flied out to center . Stanton struck out swinging . Helms grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Patterson grounded out to first . Tejada singled to center . Markakis flied out to left . Wigginton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Paulino singled to left . Coghlan popped out to shortstop . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Paulino out at second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Scott flied out to center . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Wieters grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Cantu grounded out to shortstop . Uggla struck out swinging . Ross grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Moore grounded out to second . Izturis struck out looking . Patterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Stanton flied out to right . Helms lined out to second . Paulino flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Tejada lined out to second . Markakis doubled to deep right . Wigginton fouled out to left , Markakis to third . Scott struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Coghlan walked . Sanchez doubled to deep right center , Coghlan scored . Berken pitching for Orioles . Ramirez singled to right , Sanchez scored . Cantu struck out swinging . Ramirez stole second . Uggla struck out swinging . Ross flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop . Wieters popped out to second . Moore singled to right , Jones to second . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Fox hit for Izturis . Fox flied out to center , Jones to third . Patterson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Lugo at shortstop . Berken pitching for Orioles . Stanton singled to left . Helms reached on infield single to third , Stanton to second . Paulino struck out looking . Coghlan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Helms out at second , Stanton to third , Stanton scored on throwing error by second baseman Moore . Sanchez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Tejada singled to right . Markakis singled to deep right , Tejada to third . Wigginton struck out swinging , Markakis stole second . Scott hit sacrifice fly to center , Tejada scored , Markakis to third . Jones lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Albers pitching for Orioles . Ramirez singled to left center . Cantu singled to right , Ramirez to second . Uggla singled to left , Ramirez to third , Cantu to second . Mata pitching for Orioles . Ross singled to left center , Ramirez and Cantu scored , Uggla to second . Stanton grounded out to pitcher , Uggla to third , Ross to second . Helms grounded out to shortstop , Uggla scored , Ross to third . Paulino walked . Coghlan grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Wood pitching for Marlins . Wieters walked . Moore fouled out to third . Lugo singled to left , Wieters to second . Patterson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Lugo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 10 - Orioles 4 .	Ramirez powers Sanchez , Marlins past Orioles