Nationals - Top 1st . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Morgan grounded out to first . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman walked . Dunn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Patterson singled to center . Tejada singled to right , Patterson to second . Markakis flied out to center . Scott struck out looking . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tejada out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Willingham reached on infield single to third . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Willingham out at second . Bernadina lined out to center . Kennedy popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Wieters singled to right . Moore struck out looking . Lugo out on batter 's interference to catcher . Lugo batting . Izturis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Desmond walked . Morgan sacrificed to pitcher , Desmond to second . Guzman hit by pitch . Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop , Desmond to third , Guzman to second . Dunn doubled to deep right , Desmond and Guzman scored , Zimmerman to third . Willingham reached on infield single to third . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Zimmerman scored , Willingham out at second , Dunn to third . Bernadina singled to left , Dunn scored , Rodriguez to second . Kennedy flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Patterson grounded out to second . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Markakis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Desmond singled to center . Desmond stole second . Morgan sacrificed to pitcher , Desmond to third . Guzman hit sacrifice fly to right , Desmond scored . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Scott grounded out to first . Jones homered to left center ( 382 feet ) . Wieters struck out swinging . Moore singled to left . Lugo popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham grounded out to third . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Izturis singled to right center . Patterson doubled to left , Izturis to third . Tejada singled to right , Izturis scored , Patterson to third . Markakis singled to right , Patterson scored , Tejada to second . Scott struck out looking . Jones grounded out to third , Tejada to third , Markakis to second . Wieters singled to right , Tejada and Markakis scored . Moore grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Bernadina grounded out to second . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop . Desmond grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Lugo singled to center . Izturis bunt popped out foul to catcher . Patterson flied out to center . Tejada grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Morgan singled to center . Berken pitching for Orioles . Guzman sacrificed to first , Morgan to second . Zimmerman flied out to left . Dunn intentionally walked . Willingham flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Markakis walked . Scott grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Markakis out at second . Jones struck out swinging . Wieters singled to center , Scott to third . Wigginton hit for Moore . Storen pitching for Nationals . Scott scored , Wieters to second on wild pitch by Storen . Wigginton intentionally walked . Lugo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Wigginton at first base . Berken pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Ohman pitching for Orioles . Morse hit for Bernadina . Morse popped out to second . Gonzalez hit for Kennedy . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Morse in right field . Gonzalez at second base . Peralta pitching for Nationals . Izturis popped out to second . Patterson struck out swinging . Tejada singled to left . Markakis singled to center , Tejada to second . Scott struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Simon pitching for Orioles . Desmond flied out to center . Morgan struck out swinging . Guzman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Orioles 6 .	O 's rally for second straight day to upend Nats