Orioles - Top 1st . O'Sullivan pitching for Royals . Roberts singled to right . Markakis flied out to left . Roberts stole second . Wigginton popped out to first . Scott grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Getz struck out swinging . Kendall walked . Butler singled to center , Kendall to second . Guillen flied out to left . Ankiel doubled to deep center , Kendall scored , Butler to third . Betemit singled to right , Butler and Ankiel scored , Betemit to second advancing on throw . Gordon flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . O'Sullivan pitching for Royals . Jones walked . Jones stole second , Jones safe at third on throwing error by catcher Kendall . Pie hit sacrifice fly to right , Jones scored . Wieters grounded out to pitcher . Patterson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Betancourt popped out to second . Maier walked . Getz grounded out to second , Maier to second . Kendall lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . O'Sullivan pitching for Royals . Izturis grounded out to second . Roberts flied out to right . Markakis singled to center . Wigginton doubled to deep center , Markakis scored . Scott grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Butler walked . Guillen flied out to right . Ankiel singled to right , Butler to second . Betemit singled to right , Butler to third , Ankiel to second . Gordon struck out looking . Betancourt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . O'Sullivan pitching for Royals . Jones fouled out to first . Pie grounded out to pitcher . Wieters grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Maier walked . Getz lined out to third . Kendall sacrificed to pitcher , Maier to second . Butler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . O'Sullivan pitching for Royals . Patterson lined out to second . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Roberts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Guillen doubled to deep right . Ankiel struck out swinging . Guillen to third on wild pitch by Arrieta . Betemit walked . Berken pitching for Orioles . Gordon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Betemit out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . O'Sullivan pitching for Royals . Markakis walked . Wigginton singled to center , Markakis to third . Scott hit sacrifice fly to center , Markakis scored . Jones hit by pitch , Wigginton to second . Pie grounded out to second , Wigginton to third , Jones to second . Wieters grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Betancourt singled to right . Maier doubled to left , Betancourt scored . Getz flied out to center . Kendall lined out to shortstop . Butler intentionally walked . Guillen flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Hughes pitching for Royals . Patterson grounded out to first . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Ohman pitching for Orioles . Ankiel grounded out to first . Betemit grounded out to shortstop . Gordon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Royals . Markakis singled to center . Wigginton doubled to deep center , Markakis scored . Scott singled to left , Wigginton to third . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wigginton scored , Scott to second . Pie bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Scott out at third , Jones to second . Wieters struck out swinging . Jones caught stealing third , catcher to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Betancourt singled to center . Maier sacrificed to third , Betancourt to second . Getz grounded out to shortstop , Betancourt to third . Uehara pitching for Orioles . Kendall flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Wood pitching for Royals . Patterson grounded out to second . Izturis singled to center . Roberts singled to center , Izturis to second . Markakis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Roberts out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Simon pitching for Orioles . Butler grounded out to shortstop . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Ankiel walked . Betemit singled to right , Ankiel to third . Bloomquist ran for Betemit . Gordon homered to right ( 378 feet ) , Ankiel and Bloomquist scored . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 5 - Royals 7 .	Royals stun Orioles on Gordon 's 3 - run HR in 9th