Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Peralta walked . Marte singled to left , Peralta to second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Descalso singled to left , Peralta scored , Marte to second . Owings grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Descalso out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor homered to left center ( 416 feet ) . Seager struck out swinging . Kemp struck out swinging . Bellinger singled to right center . Grandal hit by pitch , Bellinger to second . Puig struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Dyson flied out to right . Ahmed lined out to second . Mathis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Forsythe popped out to second . Hernández struck out swinging . Maeda fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Greinke walked . Peralta singled to center , Greinke to second . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Greinke to third , Peralta safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Maeda . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Greinke scored , Peralta to third , Marte to second on wild pitch by Maeda . Peralta scored , Marte to third on passed ball by Grandal . Descalso hit sacrifice fly to left , Marte scored . Owings doubled to center . Dyson doubled to right , Owings scored . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor grounded out to first . Seager lined out to center . Kemp fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Mathis struck out swinging . Greinke struck out swinging . Peralta doubled to left center . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Bellinger grounded out to first . Grandal grounded out to pitcher . Puig lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Báez pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt flied out to right . Descalso struck out looking . Owings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Forsythe grounded out to third . Hernández popped out to shortstop . Farmer hit for Báez . Farmer singled to left center . Taylor struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Fields pitching for Dodgers . Dyson fouled out to third . Ahmed walked . Mathis struck out looking . Greinke struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager grounded out to second . Kemp struck out swinging . Bellinger homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Grandal struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Cingrani pitching for Dodgers . Peralta struck out looking . Marte struck out swinging . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to first . Descalso homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored . Owings struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Puig walked . Forsythe doubled to shortstop , Puig to third . Hernández grounded out to pitcher . Barnes hit for Cingrani . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes grounded out to first . Taylor reached on infield single to third , Puig scored , Forsythe to third . Seager singled to center , Forsythe scored , Taylor to third . Dyson in right field . Pollock in center field . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp singled to center , Taylor scored , Seager to third . Bellinger flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Chargois pitching for Dodgers . Dyson struck out swinging . Ahmed homered to left ( 377 feet ) . Mathis struck out looking . Pollock lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Grandal singled to center . Puig walked , Grandal to second . Forsythe flied out to right , Grandal to third . Pederson hit for Hernández . Pederson walked , Puig to second . Utley hit for Chargois . Utley singled to left center , Grandal and Puig scored , Pederson to third . Taylor grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Utley out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Pederson in center field . Utley at second base . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Peralta popped out to shortstop . Marte singled to shallow center . Goldschmidt lined out to second . Descalso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Boxberger pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager flied out to center . Kemp struck out swinging . Bellinger singled to right . Grandal popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Dodgers 7 .	Descalso drives in 4 runs in Arizona 's 8 - 7 win over Dodgers