Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Peralta flied out to right . Marte singled to center . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Marte out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández doubled to deep right , Hernández to third on error by right fielder Dyson . Santana grounded out to first , Hernández scored . Herrera singled to center . Hoskins fouled out to right . Altherr struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Pollock popped out to second . Descalso popped out to second . Owings grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Knapp struck out swinging . Franco struck out looking . Crawford singled to center . Arrieta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Dyson reached on infield single to shortstop . Mathis singled to left center , Dyson to third . Greinke struck out swinging . Peralta hit sacrifice fly to center , Dyson scored . Marte grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández singled to right . Santana singled to right , Hernández to third . Herrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Hernández scored , Santana out at second . Hoskins struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Goldschmidt safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Franco . Pollock singled to left center , Goldschmidt to second . Descalso walked , Goldschmidt to third , Pollock to second . Owings walked , Goldschmidt scored , Pollock to third , Descalso to second . Dyson bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Pollock out at home , Descalso to third , Owings to second . Mathis grounded into double play , third to first , Owings out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Altherr lined out to center . Knapp grounded out to second . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Greinke grounded out to second . Peralta grounded out to second . Marte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford grounded out to first . Arrieta struck out looking . Hernández singled to right . Hernández caught stealing second . Santana batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Goldschmidt safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Crawford . Pollock lined out to right . Goldschmidt stole second , Goldschmidt safe at third on throwing error by catcher Knapp . Descalso hit sacrifice fly to center , Goldschmidt scored . Owings struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Santana doubled to deep right . Herrera walked . Hoskins struck out swinging . Altherr homered to center ( 421 feet ) , Santana and Herrera scored . Knapp grounded out to first . Franco singled to center . Crawford struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Dyson fouled out to left . Mathis grounded out to third . Walker hit for Greinke . Walker lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Kingery hit for Arrieta . Kingery struck out looking . Hernández lined out to center . Santana grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Peralta struck out swinging . Marte singled to left . García pitching for Phillies . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Pollock lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Herrera struck out swinging . Salas pitching for Diamondbacks . Hoskins singled to left . Altherr grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hoskins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Descalso struck out looking . Owings walked . Owings to second on wild pitch by Neris . Dyson struck out swinging . Avila hit for Mathis . Avila walked . Murphy hit for Salas . Marrero ran for Avila . Murphy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Phillies 5 .	Altherr goes deep to back Arrieta , Phils beat D'Backs 5 - 3