Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Peralta struck out swinging . Ahmed flied out to center . Goldschmidt singled to left center . Pollock walked , Goldschmidt to second . Owings flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner struck out swinging . Zimmerman struck out looking . Harper singled to right . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Marrero flied out to center . Murphy reached on infield single to pitcher . Ray grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor grounded out to third . Wieters homered to left center ( 390 feet ) . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Sierra grounded out to first . Difo walked . Gonzalez singled to center , Difo to second . Turner walked , Difo to third , Gonzalez to second . Zimmerman safe at first on error by pitcher McFarland , Difo scored , Gonzalez to third , Turner to second . Harper grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Peralta struck out looking . Ahmed reached on infield single to shortstop . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Pollock flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Kendrick grounded out to third . Taylor homered to left ( 402 feet ) . Wieters walked . Sierra flied out to center . Difo flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Owings struck out swinging . Marte singled to right . Marrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Marte out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Turner singled to right center . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Turner out at second . Harper grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Murphy struck out looking . McFarland struck out swinging . Peralta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Kendrick doubled to left . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kendrick out at third . Wieters grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Taylor out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Ahmed doubled to deep right . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Owings grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Sierra grounded out to third . Difo grounded out to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Marte singled to left . Marrero walked , Marte to second . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Marrero out at second , Marte to third . Descalso hit for McFarland . Descalso hit sacrifice fly to center , Marte scored . Peralta struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Salas pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner walked . Turner stole second . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Harper intentionally walked . Kendrick grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Kintzler pitching for Nationals . Ahmed singled to center . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Pollock grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Ahmed out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Salas pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor flied out to center . Wieters flied out to center . Sierra safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Marrero . Bautista ran for Sierra . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Difo reached on infield single to shortstop , Bautista to second . Sánchez hit for Kintzler . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Bautista in left field . Doolittle pitching for Nationals . Owings doubled to deep left . Marte popped out to second . Marrero struck out swinging . Murphy fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 1 - Nationals 3 .	Gonzalez leads Nats to 3 - 1 victory over Diamondbacks