Dodgers - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor flied out to right . Utley struck out looking . Grandal hit by pitch . Bellinger struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Peralta grounded out to second . Dyson bunt grounded out to pitcher . Goldschmidt fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson struck out swinging . Verdugo grounded out to shortstop . Hern치ndez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Pollock homered to left ( 388 feet ) . Descalso doubled to deep left . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Ahmed singled to right , Descalso scored , Ahmed to second advancing on throw . Mathis flied out to right , Ahmed to third . Greinke singled to left , Ahmed scored . Peralta struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Muncy grounded out to first . Stripling struck out swinging . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Dyson fouled out to third . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to second . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Goldschmidt out at second . Pollock caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Descalso batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Utley grounded out to shortstop . Grandal doubled to deep right center . Bellinger grounded out to first , Grandal to third . Pederson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Descalso struck out looking . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Ahmed homered to center ( 438 feet ) . Mathis singled to left . Greinke hit ground rule double to deep right , Mathis to third . Peralta intentionally walked . Dyson fouled out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Verdugo walked . Hern치ndez struck out swinging . Muncy struck out swinging . Farmer hit for Stripling . Farmer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Verdugo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Stewart pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Pollock homered to left ( 431 feet ) . Descalso singled to right . Owings popped out to second . Ahmed doubled to left , Descalso to third . Mathis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor doubled to left . Utley flied out to left . Grandal singled to right , Taylor scored . Bellinger struck out swinging . Pederson tripled to right , Grandal scored . Verdugo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Walker hit for Greinke . Stewart pitching for Dodgers . Walker struck out swinging . Peralta walked . Dyson struck out looking . Valera in right field . Hudson pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt walked , Peralta to second . Pollock popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks . Hern치ndez lined out to third . Muncy homered to right ( 392 feet ) . Valera flied out to center . Taylor lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Hudson pitching for Dodgers . Descalso walked . Owings grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Descalso out at second . Ahmed lined out to left . Mathis singled to center , Owings to second . Avila hit for Hirano . Cingrani pitching for Dodgers . Avila walked , Owings to third , Mathis to second . Peralta hit by pitch , Owings scored , Mathis to third , Avila to second . Marrero ran for Peralta . Dyson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mathis scored on error by shortstop Taylor , Avila to third , Marrero to second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 8th . Marrero at third base . Dyson in left field . Descalso at second base . Owings in right field . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes hit for Utley . Barnes hit by pitch . Grandal doubled to left , Barnes to third . Bellinger fouled out to first . Pederson hit sacrifice fly to center , Barnes scored , Grandal to third . Kemp hit for Cingrani . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp singled to left center , Grandal scored . Hern치ndez fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Barnes at second base . Pederson in center field . Kemp in left field . Fields pitching for Dodgers . Pollock homered to center ( 455 feet ) . Descalso popped out to shortstop . Owings flied out to right . Ahmed flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Boxberger pitching for Diamondbacks . Muncy struck out looking . Valera grounded out to first . Taylor flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 5 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Pollock hits 3 HRs , Greinke pitches D - backs past Dodgers 8 - 5