Marlins - Top 1st . Buchholz pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro singled to left center . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castro out at second . Bour fouled out to first . Anderson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Marlins . Descalso walked . Goldschmidt singled to right center , Descalso to second . Lamb struck out swinging . Murphy flied out to left . Peralta singled to right , Descalso scored , Goldschmidt to third . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peralta out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Diamondbacks . Dietrich singled to center . Rojas grounded out to pitcher , Dietrich to second . Riddle grounded out to second , Dietrich to third . Brinson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Marlins . Owings fouled out to right . Dyson walked . Buchholz sacrificed to third , Dyson to second . Descalso homered to right ( 362 feet ) , Dyson scored . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernandez struck out looking . Castro flied out to right . Realmuto doubled to deep left . Bour walked . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Marlins . Lamb homered to left ( 410 feet ) . Murphy flied out to center . Peralta homered to left ( 356 feet ) . Marte flied out to left . Owings popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Buchholz pitching for Diamondbacks . Dietrich struck out looking . Rojas grounded out to shortstop . Riddle grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . García pitching for Marlins . Dyson singled to center . Buchholz grounded out to pitcher . Descalso fouled out to third . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 5th . Buchholz pitching for Diamondbacks . Brinson struck out looking . García struck out looking . Castro lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for Marlins . Lamb reached on infield single to shortstop . Murphy homered to left ( 407 feet ) , Lamb scored . Peralta grounded out to first . Marte homered to left ( 428 feet ) . Owings popped out to second . Dyson grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Buchholz pitching for Diamondbacks . Realmuto lined out to center . Bour struck out swinging . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Holaday catching . Garcia pitching for Marlins . Buchholz lined out to center . Descalso grounded out to second . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Descalso at first base . Marrero at second base . Buchholz pitching for Diamondbacks . Dietrich singled to right . Rojas grounded out to pitcher , Dietrich to second . Riddle singled to right , Dietrich to third . Brinson singled to deep center , Dietrich scored , Riddle to second . Shuck hit for García . Shuck safe at first on error by first baseman Descalso , Riddle to third , Brinson to second . Castro popped out to second . Holaday struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Guerrero pitching for Marlins . Lamb lined out to center . Murphy singled to right . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Owings in center field . Brito in right field . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Bour singled to right . Anderson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bour out at second . Dietrich doubled to deep center . Rojas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Ziegler pitching for Marlins . Marte homered to right ( 390 feet ) . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Brito flied out to center . De La Rosa grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Riddle grounded out to first . Salas pitching for Diamondbacks . Brinson walked . Maybin hit for Ziegler . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Brinson out at second . Maybin to second on wild pitch by Salas . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 1 - Diamondbacks 9 .	Diamondbacks tie franchise mark with 6 HRs , beat Marlins 9 - 1