Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Ahmed grounded out to third . Peralta grounded out to second . Goldschmidt singled to shallow left center . Murphy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández grounded out to third . Posey grounded out to third . McCutchen popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Marte doubled to deep left . Owings doubled to left , Marte scored . Marrero fouled out to first , Owings to third . Negrón singled to shallow left , Owings scored . Corbin sacrificed to pitcher , Negrón to second . Ahmed grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Longoria grounded out to second . Williamson struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Peralta singled to right . Goldschmidt singled to shallow left , Peralta to third . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peralta out at home , Goldschmidt to second . Marte grounded into double play , third to first , Goldschmidt out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Sandoval struck out looking . Panik grounded out to second . Bumgarner grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Marrero grounded out to shortstop . Negrón lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández struck out swinging . Posey lined out to right . McCutchen singled to center . Longoria grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Corbin struck out swinging . Ahmed singled to right . Peralta struck out swinging . Goldschmidt hit ground rule double to deep left , Ahmed to third . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Williamson doubled to left . Crawford doubled to left , Williamson scored . Sandoval singled to center , Crawford to third . Panik walked , Sandoval to second . Bumgarner struck out swinging . Hernández struck out swinging . Posey struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Marte grounded out to third . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Marrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen struck out looking . Longoria grounded out to second . Williamson lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Melancon pitching for Giants . Dyson hit for Negrón . Dyson lined out to second . Corbin struck out swinging , Corbin safe at on error by player player , Corbin to second on throwing error by catcher Posey . Ahmed flied out to center . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 7th . Owings in right field . Dyson in center field . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford walked . Sandoval lined out to right . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik flied out to center . Pence hit for Melancon . Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks . Pence walked , Crawford to second . Hernández walked , Crawford to third , Pence to second . Posey flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Dyson pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Murphy struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen struck out swinging . Longoria singled to right . Williamson grounded out to third , Longoria to second . Crawford walked . Sandoval grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Strickland pitching for Giants . Owings safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria . Marrero bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Owings out at second . Dyson walked , Marrero to second . Lamb hit for Bradley . Lamb singled to right , Marrero scored , Dyson to third . Ahmed popped out to second . Peralta lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 9th . Boxberger pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik flied out to left . Hanson hit for Strickland . Hanson doubled to deep right . Hernández struck out swinging . Posey singled to right , Hanson scored . Jackson ran for Posey . McCutchen singled to left , Jackson to second . Longoria grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Giants 2 .	Diamondbacks edge Giants 3 - 2 , spoil Bumgarner 's season debut