Giants - Top 1st . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández struck out swinging . Belt walked . McCutchen flied out to right . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Holland pitching for Giants . Dyson walked . Ahmed struck out swinging . Dyson stole second . Goldschmidt walked . Walker struck out looking . Peralta flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley walked . Sandoval singled to left center , Hundley to second . Slater struck out swinging . Hundley to third , Sandoval to second on wild pitch by Godley . Panik singled to right , Hundley scored , Sandoval to third . Holland grounded into double play , catcher to shortstop to first , Panik out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Holland pitching for Giants . Murphy walked . Lamb doubled to right , Murphy to third . Owings hit sacrifice fly to center , Murphy scored , Lamb to third . Godley struck out looking . Dyson singled to left , Lamb scored . Ahmed singled to left , Dyson to second . Goldschmidt flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop . Belt flied out to center . McCutchen struck out swinging . Crawford singled to right , Hernández to second . Hundley singled to center , Hernández scored , Crawford to second . Sandoval hit by pitch , Crawford to third , Hundley to second . Slater singled to right , Crawford scored , Hundley to third , Sandoval to second . Panik grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Slater out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Hanson at third base . Holland pitching for Giants . Walker reached on infield single to third . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Walker out at second . Murphy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Holland doubled to right . Hernández lined out to right , Holland to third . Belt doubled to right , Holland scored . McCutchen struck out swinging . Crawford intentionally walked . Hundley flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Holland pitching for Giants . Lamb singled to right center . Owings singled to center , Lamb to second . Godley sacrificed to third , Lamb to third , Owings to second . Dyson singled to left , Lamb scored , Owings to third . Dyson stole second . Ahmed struck out swinging . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Walker grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Hanson walked . Slater walked , Hanson to second . Panik singled to center , Hanson scored , Slater to second . Pence hit for Gearrin . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Pence doubled to left , Slater and Panik scored . Hernández struck out swinging . Belt singled to right , Pence scored . McCutchen struck out swinging . Crawford flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Giants . Peralta popped out to third . Murphy struck out swinging . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley singled to left . Hanson grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Hundley out at second . Slater singled to right . Slater stole second . Panik grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Giants . Owings struck out swinging . Descalso hit for Bracho . Descalso popped out to second . Dyson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson grounded out to third . Hernández grounded out to second . Belt walked . McCutchen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Johnson pitching for Giants . Ahmed tripled to deep right center . Goldschmidt homered to right center ( 419 feet ) , Ahmed scored . Walker flied out to center . Dyson pitching for Giants . Peralta grounded out to catcher . Murphy doubled to deep right . Lamb flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford struck out swinging . Hundley doubled to left . Hanson grounded out to third . Slater intentionally walked . Panik grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Watson pitching for Giants . Owings grounded out to pitcher . Jay hit for De La Rosa . Jay flied out to left . Dyson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Salas pitching for Diamondbacks . Jackson hit for Watson . Jackson doubled to center . Hernández lined out to right , Jackson to third . Belt intentionally walked . McCutchen popped out to second . Crawford doubled to left , Jackson scored , Belt to third . Hundley flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Melancon pitching for Giants . Ahmed lined out to first . Goldschmidt flied out to center . Walker singled to left center . Peralta singled to right , Walker to second . Murphy singled to left center , Walker scored , Peralta to third . Smith pitching for Giants . Murphy to second on fielder 's indifference . Lamb struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 9 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Giants outslug Diamondbacks for series sweep