Cardinals - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Carpenter doubled to right . Pham grounded out to shortstop . Martínez struck out swinging . Ozuna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Jay singled to left . Goldschmidt walked , Jay to second . Lamb popped out to shortstop . Peralta struck out swinging . Descalso walked , Jay to third , Goldschmidt to second . Marte lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina grounded out to second . Gyorko walked . Bader struck out swinging . Muñoz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gyorko out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Dyson grounded out to first . Mathis singled to center . Corbin bunt popped out to pitcher . Jay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Mikolas singled to right . Carpenter walked , Mikolas to second . Pham flied out to center , Mikolas to third . Martínez grounded out to pitcher , Carpenter to second . Ozuna flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . Peralta singled to deep left . Descalso singled to right , Peralta to second . Marte flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina flied out to center . Gyorko grounded out to third . Bader doubled to left . Muñoz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Dyson walked . Mathis flied out to right . Corbin sacrificed to third , Dyson to second . Jay singled to left , Dyson scored , Jay to second on throwing error by third baseman Carpenter . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Lamb singled to center , Jay scored , Goldschmidt to second . Peralta fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Mikolas struck out swinging . Carpenter doubled to deep right . Pham singled to center , Carpenter scored , Pham to second advancing on throw . Martínez grounded out to shortstop , Pham to third . Ozuna struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Descalso flied out to center . Marte lined out to left . Dyson bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina reached on infield single to second . Gyorko grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Molina out at second . Bader struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Mathis grounded out to third . Owings hit for Corbin . Owings fouled out to first . Jay singled to center . Goldschmidt flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks . Muñoz homered to right center ( 399 feet ) . O'Neill hit for Mikolas . O'Neill safe at first on error by shortstop Marte . Carpenter grounded out to catcher , O'Neill to second . Pham singled to center , O'Neill scored . Pollock in center field . Martínez lined out to right . Ozuna singled to left , Pham to second . Salas pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina homered to right ( 371 feet ) , Pham and Ozuna scored . Gyorko flied out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Carpenter at first base . Wong at second base . Gyorko at third base . Holland pitching for Cardinals . Lamb walked . Peralta singled to right , Lamb to second . Hicks pitching for Cardinals . Descalso grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lamb scored on throwing error by first baseman Carpenter , Peralta safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Carpenter . Marte grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Peralta scored , Descalso out at second . Pollock hit by pitch . Mathis struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 8th . Salas pitching for Diamondbacks . Bader singled to deep center . Bader stole second . Muñoz hit by pitch . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Wong sacrificed to catcher , Bader to third , Muñoz to second . Carpenter singled to right , Bader scored , Muñoz to third . Pham doubled to right , Muñoz scored , Carpenter to third . Hicks struck out swinging . Murphy catching . Krehbiel pitching for Diamondbacks . Ozuna flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Hicks pitching for Cardinals . Murphy struck out swinging . Jay lined out to third . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Krehbiel pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina walked . Gyorko flied out to right . Bader flied out to left . Muñoz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Norris pitching for Cardinals . Lamb struck out looking . Peralta struck out looking . Descalso walked . Marte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Molina , Munoz HRs help Cardinals beat D - backs 8 - 4