Giants - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen flied out to center . Posey lined out to right . Longoria homered to left ( 387 feet ) . Crawford struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Peralta doubled to right . Escobar grounded out to shortstop , Peralta to third . Goldschmidt walked . Pollock walked , Goldschmidt to second . Souza Jr. lined out to third . Ahmed grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pollock out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández grounded out to pitcher . Panik flied out to left . Slater grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Marte walked . Mathis flied out to right . Marte to second on balk by Bumgarner . Greinke reached on infield single to third . Peralta singled to right , Marte to third , Greinke to second . Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center , Marte scored , Greinke to third . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Duggar grounded out to second . Bumgarner struck out swinging . McCutchen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Pollock struck out swinging . Souza Jr. struck out swinging . Ahmed doubled to deep left center . Marte reached on infield single to shortstop , Ahmed to third . Marte stole second . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey reached on infield single to second . Longoria grounded out to catcher , Posey to second . Crawford lined out to left . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Greinke lined out to second . Peralta reached on infield single to first . Escobar struck out swinging . Goldschmidt lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik grounded out to pitcher . Slater doubled to deep right . Duggar grounded out to first , Slater to third . Bumgarner singled to left , Slater scored . McCutchen flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Pollock reached on infield single to third , Pollock to second on throwing error by third baseman Longoria . Souza Jr. grounded out to third . Ahmed lined out to center . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Top 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey walked . Longoria struck out swinging . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Posey out at second . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Melancon pitching for Giants . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . Jay hit for Greinke . Jay grounded out to first . Peralta singled to left . Escobar lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Diekman pitching for Diamondbacks . d'Arnaud hit for Panik . d'Arnaud struck out looking . Slater walked . Duggar walked . Pence hit for Melancon . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Pence hit sacrifice fly to center , Slater scored . McCutchen struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . d'Arnaud at second base . Black pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Pollock struck out swinging . Souza Jr. popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey doubled to right . Longoria grounded out to pitcher . Crawford intentionally walked . Hernández singled to right , Posey to third , Crawford to second . Hanson hit for d'Arnaud . Hanson singled to right , Posey scored , Crawford to third , Hernández to second . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Slater singled to center , Crawford and Hernández scored , Hanson to second , Hanson scored , Slater to second on error by center fielder Pollock . Duggar singled to right center , Slater scored . Tomlinson hit for Black . Tomlinson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Duggar out at second . McCutchen singled to left , Tomlinson to third . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McCutchen out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Hanson at second base . Blach pitching for Giants . Ahmed lined out to center . Marte singled to shallow center . Mathis flied out to right . Owings hit for McFarland . Owings grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks . Longoria grounded out to pitcher . Crawford lined out to left . Hernández singled to right . Hanson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Blach pitching for Giants . Peralta grounded out to second . Escobar singled to right center . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 8 - Diamondbacks 1 .	Bumgarner leads Giants to 8 - 1 win over Diamondbacks