Giants - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen struck out swinging . Posey singled to right center . Longoria singled to shallow left , Posey to second . Crawford flied out to center . Slater singled to right , Posey scored , Longoria to third . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Stratton pitching for Giants . Jay grounded out to pitcher . Goldschmidt homered to right ( 364 feet ) . Peralta singled to center . Pollock struck out swinging , Peralta to second on wild pitch by Stratton . Escobar singled to left , Peralta scored , Escobar to second advancing on throw . Descalso walked . Marte reached on infield single to third , Escobar to third , Descalso to second . Avila walked , Escobar scored , Descalso to third , Marte to second . Corbin singled to center , Descalso and Marte scored , Avila to second . Jay singled to left , Avila to third , Corbin to second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Pence fouled out to right . Duggar struck out swinging . Stratton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Stratton pitching for Giants . Peralta homered to left ( 367 feet ) . Pollock singled to left . Escobar singled to shallow right , Pollock to second . Descalso grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pollock out at third , Escobar to second . Marte grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Descalso out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen grounded out to second . Posey singled to right . Hundley ran for Posey . Longoria singled to right , Hundley to third . Crawford grounded out to second , Hundley scored , Longoria to second . Slater singled to center , Longoria scored . d'Arnaud struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Hundley catching . Stratton pitching for Giants . Avila struck out swinging . Corbin struck out looking . Jay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Pence grounded out to shortstop . Duggar popped out to shortstop . Stratton singled to right center . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Stratton pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt walked . Peralta doubled to right , Goldschmidt to third . Pollock walked . Blach pitching for Giants . Escobar popped out to first . Descalso grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pollock out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley struck out swinging . Longoria flied out to center . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Blach pitching for Giants . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Avila lined out to left . Corbin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Slater flied out to center . d'Arnaud flied out to center . Pence lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Blach pitching for Giants . Jay singled to shallow center . Goldschmidt lined out to center . Peralta walked , Jay to second . Moronta pitching for Giants . Pollock struck out looking . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks . Duggar grounded out to first . Panik hit for Moronta . Panik flied out to center . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Melancon pitching for Giants . Descalso singled to center . Marte grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Descalso out at second . Avila grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Ahmed at shortstop . Marte at second base . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley struck out swinging . Longoria grounded out to shortstop . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Dyson pitching for Giants . Ahmed hit by pitch . Jay grounded out to pitcher , Ahmed to second . Goldschmidt grounded out to second , Ahmed to third . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Boxberger pitching for Diamondbacks . Slater struck out swinging . Hanson hit for d'Arnaud . Hanson popped out to second . Pence singled to right . Duggar singled to right , Pence to third . Hernández hit for Dyson . Duggar to second on fielder 's indifference . Hernández grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 3 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Goldschmidt , Peralta homer in D - backs ' win over Giants