Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Astros . Jay struck out swinging . Pollock struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Springer reached on infield single to third . Altuve singled to right , Springer to third . Bregman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Springer scored , Altuve out at second . Gurriel flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Astros . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Escobar struck out swinging . Descalso popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . White grounded out to pitcher . Correa singled to shallow center . Reddick singled to right , Correa to third , Reddick out stretching at second . Maldonado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Astros . Marte struck out looking . Ahmed singled to right . Mathis struck out swinging . Jay flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp flied out to right . Springer walked . Altuve struck out swinging . Bregman popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Astros . Pollock flied out to center . Peralta singled to deep center . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Escobar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Gurriel flied out to center . White grounded out to third . Correa lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Astros . Descalso walked . Marte sacrificed to pitcher , Descalso to second . Ahmed grounded out to second , Descalso to third . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Reddick lined out to center . Maldonado flied out to right . Kemp popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Verlander pitching for Astros . Jay struck out swinging . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Peralta homered to right ( 368 feet ) . Goldschmidt lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Springer singled to left . Altuve grounded out to shortstop , Springer to second . Bregman intentionally walked . Gurriel grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bregman out at second , Springer to third . White hit ground rule double to right , Springer scored , Gurriel to third . Correa grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Verlander pitching for Astros . Escobar flied out to right . Descalso struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Reddick homered to right ( 364 feet ) . Maldonado singled to left . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Maldonado out at second . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp stole second . Springer flied out to right . Altuve singled to right , Kemp scored . Bregman hit by pitch , Altuve to second . Gurriel reached on infield single to first , Altuve to third , Bregman to second . White flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Springer in right field . Reddick in left field . Marisnick in center field . Pressly pitching for Astros . Ahmed flied out to center . Vargas hit for Mathis . Vargas struck out swinging . Jay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Murphy catching . Boxberger pitching for Diamondbacks . Correa doubled to center , Correa to third on throwing error by second baseman Marte . Reddick popped out to third . Maldonado singled to right center , Correa scored . Marisnick lined out to third . Springer walked , Maldonado to second . Altuve struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Peralta walked . Goldschmidt singled to shallow left , Peralta to third . Osuna pitching for Astros . Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center , Peralta scored . Descalso homered to right ( 399 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored . Marte struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Astros 5 .	Verlander , Astros beat Diamondbacks 5 - 4 , extend AL West lead