Rockies - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . LeMahieu reached on infield single to shortstop , LeMahieu to second on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed . Arenado walked . LeMahieu to third , Arenado to second on wild pitch by Corbin . Holliday walked . Desmond grounded into double play , third to second to first , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Jay grounded out to shortstop . Escobar grounded out to second . Peralta grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Iannetta singled to center . Dahl struck out swinging . Hampson struck out swinging . Senzatela struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . Descalso struck out swinging . Pollock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon hit by pitch . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher , Blackmon to second . Arenado walked . Holliday struck out looking . Desmond walked , Blackmon to third , Arenado to second . Iannetta singled to right center , Blackmon and Arenado scored , Desmond to third . Dahl singled to right , Desmond scored , Iannetta to second . Hampson singled to center , Iannetta scored , Dahl to third . Senzatela struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Ahmed grounded out to third . Avila grounded out to shortstop . Kivlehan hit for Corbin . Kivlehan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to right . LeMahieu flied out to right . Blackmon to second on wild pitch by Delgado . Arenado grounded out to second , Blackmon to third . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Jay grounded out to second . Escobar flied out to right . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond walked . Iannetta grounded out to third , Desmond to second . Dahl intentionally walked . Hampson flied out to center . Senzatela grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt lined out to center . Descalso struck out swinging . Pollock homered to left ( 383 feet ) . Ahmed grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon flied out to left . LeMahieu flied out to center . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Avila singled to center . Brito hit for Sherfy . Brito lined out to shortstop . Jay grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Avila out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday struck out looking . Desmond grounded out to second . Iannetta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Parra in left field . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Escobar singled to left . Peralta flied out to left . Goldschmidt flied out to center . Descalso lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Dahl flied out to left . Hampson bunt grounded out to pitcher . McMahon hit for Senzatela . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . McMahon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Pollock struck out looking . Ahmed flied out to left . Avila grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to shallow left . Boxberger pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu singled to left , Blackmon to second . Arenado lined out to center , Blackmon to third , LeMahieu to second . Parra intentionally walked . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blackmon out at home , LeMahieu to third , Parra to second . Iannetta walked , LeMahieu scored , Parra to third , Desmond to second . Dahl flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Davis pitching for Rockies . Marte hit for Boxberger . Marte flied out to center . Jay grounded out to second . Escobar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Diamondbacks 1 .	Senzatela , Rockies maintain playoff hopes , beat Arizona 5 - 1