Rays - Top 1st. Nelson pitching for Yankees. Meadows walked. Arozarena doubled to left, Meadows to third. Lowe doubled to deep right center, Arozarena scored and Meadows scored. Díaz grounded out to pitcher, Lowe to third. Wendle struck out swinging. Margot walked. Brosseau struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Wacha pitching for Rays. LeMahieu lined out to shortstop. Judge struck out swinging. Torres grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. King pitching for Yankees. Adames singled to shallow left center. Zunino struck out swinging. Meadows struck out swinging. Arozarena grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Adames out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Wacha pitching for Rays. Stanton popped out to first. Urshela singled to right center. Hicks struck out swinging. Sánchez lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. King pitching for Yankees. Lowe hit by pitch. Díaz singled to right, Lowe to third. Wendle struck out swinging. Margot lined out to second, Díaz safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Odor. Brosseau struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Wacha pitching for Rays. Frazier struck out swinging. Odor struck out swinging. LeMahieu lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. King pitching for Yankees. Adames grounded out to shortstop. Zunino grounded out to third. Meadows walked. Arozarena walked, Meadows to second. Lowe walked, Arozarena to second, Meadows to third. Díaz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lowe out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Wacha pitching for Rays. Judge struck out swinging. Torres walked. Stanton struck out swinging. Urshela struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Cessa pitching for Yankees. Wendle reached on infield single to shortstop. Margot struck out swinging. Brosseau doubled to shallow left, Wendle scored. Brosseau scored on error, Adames safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Urshela, Adames to second. Zunino walked. Meadows walked, Zunino to second, Adames to third. Arozarena grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Adames scored on error and Zunino scored on throwing error by second baseman Odor, Meadows out at second. Lowe struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Wacha pitching for Rays. Hicks popped out to shortstop. Sánchez struck out swinging. Frazier struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Luetge pitching for Yankees. Díaz singled to right. Wendle singled to left center, Díaz to second. Margot singled to right center, Wendle to second, Díaz to third. Brosseau grounded into fielder's choice to third, Margot to second, Wendle to third, Díaz out at home. Adames popped out to third. Zunino doubled to left, Wendle scored and Margot scored, Brosseau to third. Meadows lined out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Wacha pitching for Rays. Odor walked. LeMahieu popped out to third. Judge grounded into double play, second to first, Odor out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Luetge pitching for Yankees. Arozarena grounded out to third. Lowe popped out to shortstop. Díaz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Phillips in center field. Margot in right field. Richards pitching for Rays. Torres singled to right. Stanton homered to right (398 feet), Torres scored. Urshela grounded out to third. Hicks lined out to first. Sánchez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Luetge pitching for Yankees. Wendle singled to center. Margot grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Wendle out at second. Brosseau grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Richards pitching for Rays. Frazier struck out swinging. Odor lined out to center. LeMahieu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Higashioka catching. Luetge pitching for Yankees. Adames struck out swinging. Zunino struck out looking. Meadows struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Strickland pitching for Rays. Judge grounded out to first. Torres struck out looking. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 8 - Yankees 2.	Rays dominate Yankees 8-2 in matchup of AL East strugglers