Yankees - Top 1st. Skubal pitching for Tigers. LeMahieu singled to center. Stanton walked, LeMahieu to second. Judge grounded into double play, third to second to first, Stanton out at second, LeMahieu to third. Urshela lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. King pitching for Yankees. Goodrum reached on infield single to shortstop. Candelario fouled out to third. Cabrera hit by pitch, Goodrum to second. Schoop struck out swinging. Mazara doubled to left, Cabrera scored and Goodrum scored, Mazara to third. Haase fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Skubal pitching for Tigers. Torres walked. Sánchez flied out to second. Andújar struck out swinging. Frazier reached on infield single to second, Torres to second. Wade struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. King pitching for Yankees. Reyes lined out to pitcher. Short singled to left. Castro hit by pitch, Short to second. Goodrum struck out swinging. Candelario walked, Castro to second, Short to third. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Candelario out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Skubal pitching for Tigers. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Stanton struck out swinging. Judge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. King pitching for Yankees. Schoop walked. Mazara flied out to center. Haase grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schoop safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Urshela. Cortes pitching for Yankees. Schoop scored on error, Reyes safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Torres, Reyes safe at second on error, Haase safe at third on error. Short walked. Castro doubled to left, Haase scored, Short scored and Reyes scored. Goodrum struck out swinging. Candelario safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Torres, Castro safe at third on error. Cabrera grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 3 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Skubal pitching for Tigers. Urshela struck out swinging. Torres flied out to center. Sánchez walked. Andújar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Cortes pitching for Yankees. Schoop singled to right. Mazara grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schoop out at second. Haase grounded into double play, second to first, Mazara out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Skubal pitching for Tigers. Frazier struck out looking. Wade grounded out to second. LeMahieu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Cortes pitching for Yankees. Reyes grounded out to second. Short walked. Castro lined into double play, pitcher to first, Short doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Skubal pitching for Tigers. Stanton struck out swinging. Judge hit ground rule double to deep left. Urshela flied out to right. Torres flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Cortes pitching for Yankees. Goodrum grounded out to shortstop. Candelario walked. Cabrera struck out looking. Schoop singled to left, Candelario to second. Mazara walked, Schoop to second, Candelario to third. Haase struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Holland pitching for Tigers. Sánchez singled to right. Andújar flied out to right. Frazier flied out to center. Wade struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Nelson pitching for Yankees. Reyes grounded out to first. Short struck out looking. Castro walked. Goodrum grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Garcia pitching for Tigers. LeMahieu singled to right. Stanton lined out to right. Judge walked, LeMahieu to second. Urshela struck out swinging. Judge to second on wild pitch by Garcia, LeMahieu to third on wild pitch by Garcia. Torres singled to right, LeMahieu scored, Judge to third. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Sánchez reached on infield single to shortstop, Judge scored, Sánchez out stretching at second, Torres to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Nelson pitching for Yankees. Candelario struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Schoop walked. Schoop to second on wild pitch by Nelson. Mazara flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Andújar reached on infield single to second. Frazier singled to right center, Andújar to third. Wade struck out swinging. LeMahieu fouled out to right. Stanton walked, Frazier to second. Judge struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 2 - Tigers 6.	Skubal leads Tigers to 6-2 win, rare sweep of Yankees