Yankees - Top 1st. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. LeMahieu singled to shallow center. Judge grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, LeMahieu out at second. Sánchez singled to right. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Chavis grounded out to shortstop. Verdugo grounded out to pitcher. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Voit grounded out to shortstop. Urshela grounded out to shortstop. Torres grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Bogaerts reached on infield single to catcher. Devers walked, Bogaerts to second. Renfroe reached on infield single to pitcher, Devers to second, Bogaerts to third. Hernández hit sacrifice fly to center, Bogaerts scored, Devers to third. Dalbec fouled out to first, Devers scored. Wong singled to deep right, Renfroe to third. Chavis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wong out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Andújar grounded out to shortstop. Gardner struck out looking. LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Verdugo grounded out to first. Martinez grounded out to third. Bogaerts doubled to deep center. Devers reached on infield single to second, Bogaerts to third. Renfroe reached on infield single to second, Bogaerts scored, Devers to second. Hernández walked, Renfroe to second, Devers to third. Dalbec flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Judge singled to right center. Sánchez fouled out to catcher. Stanton struck out swinging. Voit grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Wong struck out swinging. Chavis struck out swinging. Verdugo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Urshela lined out to left. Torres flied out to center. Andújar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Martinez lined out to second. Bogaerts singled to shallow left. Devers grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Bogaerts out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Gardner struck out swinging. LeMahieu reached on infield single to pitcher. Judge singled to right, LeMahieu to second. Sánchez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Judge out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Montgomery pitching for Yankees. Renfroe reached on infield single to second. Hernández struck out looking. Dalbec grounded into fielder's choice to third, Renfroe out at second. Dalbec to second on wild pitch by Montgomery. Wong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Stanton singled to deep right. Voit struck out swinging. Urshela grounded into fielder's choice to second, Stanton out at second. Torres lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Abreu pitching for Yankees. Chavis singled to center. Verdugo struck out swinging. Martinez doubled to deep right, Chavis to third. Bogaerts hit sacrifice fly to center, Chavis scored. Devers lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Andújar struck out swinging. Gardner grounded out to second. LeMahieu homered to right (395 feet). Sawamura pitching for Red Sox. Judge walked. Sánchez walked, Judge to second. Stanton walked, Sánchez to second, Judge to third. Wade ran for Stanton. Ottavino pitching for Red Sox. Voit grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Wade as designated hitter. Abreu pitching for Yankees. Renfroe grounded out to second. Hernández flied out to left. Dalbec grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Ottavino pitching for Red Sox. Urshela flied out to center. Torres singled to right. Odor hit for Andújar. Odor grounded into fielder's choice to second, Torres out at second. Odor to second on fielder's indifference. Gardner walked. LeMahieu singled to center, Odor scored, Gardner to second. Judge struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 2 - Red Sox 4.	Eovaldi strong, Red Sox run win streak to 5 over Yanks, 4-2