Yankees - Top 1st. Singer pitching for Royals. LeMahieu walked. Gardner struck out swinging. Judge singled to right center, LeMahieu to second. Gallo walked, Judge to second, LeMahieu to third. Voit singled to right, Judge scored and LeMahieu scored, Gallo to third. Odor singled to left, Gallo scored, Voit to second. Velazquez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Odor out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Luetge pitching for Yankees. Merrifield singled to center. Merrifield stole second. Lopez flied out to left. Merrifield to third on wild pitch by Luetge. Perez grounded out to third, Merrifield scored. Benintendi struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Singer pitching for Royals. Wade struck out swinging. Brantly singled to shallow center. LeMahieu singled to left center, Brantly to second. Gardner flied out to center, Brantly to third. Judge flied out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Luetge pitching for Yankees. Dozier singled to left. O'Hearn flied out to left. Taylor flied out to right. Dozier stole second. Rivera lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Singer pitching for Royals. Gallo walked. Voit grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gallo out at second. Odor doubled to deep left center. Velazquez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Abreu pitching for Yankees. Gallagher struck out looking. Merrifield singled to left. Merrifield to second on balk. Lopez grounded out to shortstop, Merrifield to third. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Singer pitching for Royals. Wade doubled to right. Brantly flied out to second. Wade stole third. LeMahieu singled to center, Wade scored. Gardner singled to center, LeMahieu to second. Judge singled to center, LeMahieu scored, Gardner thrown out at third. Lovelady pitching for Royals. Gallo flied out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Abreu pitching for Yankees. Benintendi grounded out to first. Dozier singled to center. O'Hearn singled to center, Dozier to second. Taylor struck out swinging. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Lovelady pitching for Royals. Voit struck out swinging. Odor bunt popped out to pitcher. Velazquez singled to left. Velazquez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Richard Lovelady pitches to Tyler Wade. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Abreu pitching for Yankees. Gallagher doubled to left. Merrifield lined out to left, Gallagher to third. Rodríguez pitching for Yankees. Gallagher scored on error, Lopez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Velazquez. Perez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lopez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 6th. Tapia pitching for Royals. Wade walked. Brantly flied out to left. LeMahieu struck out looking, Wade stole second, Wade safe at third on throwing error by catcher Gallagher. Gardner lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Yankees. Benintendi walked. Green pitching for Yankees. Dozier struck out swinging. O'Hearn struck out looking. Taylor fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Brentz pitching for Royals. Judge struck out swinging. Gallo flied out to left. Voit struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Green pitching for Yankees. Rivera popped out to shortstop. Gallagher safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Odor. Gallagher to second on wild pitch by Green. Merrifield singled to left, Gallagher to third. Merrifield caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 8th. Holland pitching for Royals. Odor flied out to center. Velazquez grounded out to second. Wade doubled to deep center. Brantly struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. LeMahieu at first base. Davis in left field. Odor at second base. Wade at third base. Loaisiga pitching for Yankees. Perez grounded out to third. Benintendi grounded out to second. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Santana pitching for Royals. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Gardner flied out to center. Judge grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Britton pitching for Yankees. O'Hearn hit by pitch. Taylor grounded into fielder's choice to first, O'Hearn out at second. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Taylor safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Odor. Santana hit for Gallagher. Santana grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rivera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Yankees 5 - Royals 2.	Yankees beats Royals for 12th straight series win against KC