Indians - Top 1st. Cole pitching for Yankees. Zimmer hit by pitch. Mercado struck out swinging. Ramírez walked, Zimmer to second. Bradley reached on infield single to third, Ramírez to second, Zimmer to third. Ramirez singled to right, Ramírez scored and Zimmer scored, Bradley to third. Chang grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Morgan pitching for Indians. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Rizzo flied out to right. Judge grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Cole pitching for Yankees. Pérez grounded out to second. Giménez struck out swinging. Clement flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Morgan pitching for Indians. Stanton struck out swinging. Voit grounded out to second. Torres doubled to deep right center. Gardner grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Cole pitching for Yankees. Zimmer singled to shallow right center. Mercado flied out to center. Ramírez singled to center, Zimmer to second. Bradley struck out swinging. Ramirez singled to center, Zimmer scored and Ramírez scored. Chang singled to center, Ramirez to third. Pérez singled to center, Ramirez scored, Chang to second. Giménez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Morgan pitching for Indians. Urshela homered to right (355 feet). Zimmer in right field. Straw in center field. Higashioka flied out to center. LeMahieu singled to left. Rizzo singled to right, LeMahieu to second. Judge flied out to center. Stanton flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Cole pitching for Yankees. Clement grounded out to shortstop. Zimmer struck out swinging. Mercado grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Morgan pitching for Indians. Voit flied out to right. Torres flied out to right. Gardner lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Cole pitching for Yankees. Ramírez homered to right (389 feet). Bradley struck out swinging. Straw singled to center. Straw picked off first. Chang struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Morgan pitching for Indians. Urshela singled to shallow center. Higashioka grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Urshela out at second. LeMahieu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Cole pitching for Yankees. Pérez homered to left center (422 feet). Giménez struck out swinging. Clement lined out to left. Luetge pitching for Yankees. Zimmer grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Morgan pitching for Indians. Rizzo singled to left. Judge struck out swinging. Stanton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rizzo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Luetge pitching for Yankees. Mercado grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez singled to left center. Bradley struck out swinging. Straw safe at first on fielding error by third baseman LeMahieu, Ramírez to second. Chang singled to center, Ramírez scored, Straw to third. Pérez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Stephan pitching for Indians. Voit struck out swinging. Torres struck out swinging. Gardner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Schmidt pitching for Yankees. Giménez doubled to left. Clement walked. Zimmer struck out looking. Clement to second on passed ball by Higashioka, Giménez to third on passed ball by Higashioka. Mercado walked. Ramírez singled to right center, Clement scored and Giménez scored, Mercado to third. Bradley struck out swinging. Straw struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Parker pitching for Indians. Urshela flied out to second. Higashioka doubled to deep right. LeMahieu singled to right, Higashioka to third. Rizzo struck out swinging. Judge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Wade at shortstop. Florial in center field. Urshela at third base. Schmidt pitching for Yankees. Chang singled to left center. Pérez struck out swinging. Chang to second on passed ball by Higashioka. Giménez reached on infield single to first, Chang to third. Clement grounded into fielder's choice to first, Chang scored on error, Giménez safe at second on fielding error by first baseman Rizzo. Zimmer lined out to right. Mercado grounded into fielder's choice to second, Clement out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Hentges pitching for Indians. Stanton struck out swinging. Voit struck out looking. Torres struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 11 - Yankees 1.	Cole rocked as Yanks lose ground in 11-1 loss to Indians