Dodgers - Top 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Betts singled to left . Seager singled to left , Betts to second . Turner grounded into double play , third to first , Seager to second , Betts out at third . Bellinger walked . Muncy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Tapia grounded out to second . Fuentes grounded out to third . Story singled to center . Story picked off and caught stealing second . Clayton Kershaw pitches to Charlie Blackmon . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Taylor reached on infield single to third . Lux grounded into double play , third to second to first , Taylor out at second . Barnes walked . Kershaw reached on infield single to shortstop , Barnes to second . Betts lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon flied out to left . Cron grounded out to shortstop . Díaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Seager grounded out to second . Turner singled to shallow right . Bellinger singled to deep left , Turner scored , Bellinger out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Muncy walked . Taylor walked , Muncy to second . Lux struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Owings tripled to pitcher . Hampson reached on bunt single to first , Owings scored . Márquez bunt popped out to pitcher . Tapia grounded out to pitcher , Hampson to second . Fuentes singled to left center , Hampson scored . Story grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Barnes walked . Kershaw grounded out to third , Barnes to second . Betts struck out swinging . Seager walked . Turner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon struck out swinging . Cron grounded out to third . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . González pitching for Rockies . Bellinger doubled to left . Bellinger to third on wild pitch by González . Muncy struck out swinging . Taylor struck out looking . Lux singled to right , Bellinger scored . Barnes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lux out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Owings singled to left . Hampson walked , Owings to second . González sacrificed to first , Hampson to second , Owings to third . Tapia grounded out to second , Owings scored , Hampson to third . Hampson scored on error , Fuentes safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Seager . Story singled to left , Fuentes to third . Blackmon grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Rockies . Kershaw reached on infield single to shortstop . Betts doubled to deep left center , Kershaw to third . Seager walked . Turner hit sacrifice fly to center , Kershaw scored . Bellinger flied out to center . Muncy singled to right , Betts scored , Seager thrown out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Cron reached on infield single to second . Díaz singled to center , Cron to second . Owings singled to shallow center , Cron scored , Díaz to third . Owings stole second . Hampson grounded out to shortstop . Daza hit for González . Daza grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Díaz out at home . Tapia reached on infield single to shortstop , Owings scored , Daza to second . Knebel pitching for Dodgers . Fuentes struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Almonte pitching for Rockies . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . Lux reached on infield single to second . Barnes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lux out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Nelson pitching for Dodgers . McKinstry at second base . Story fouled out to third . Blackmon walked . Cron doubled to deep center , Blackmon to third . Blackmon scored on Nelson wild pitch , Cron to third on wild pitch by Nelson . Díaz struck out swinging . Smith catching . Cron scored on Nelson wild pitch . Owings walked . Alexander pitching for Dodgers . Owings stole second . Owings to third on wild pitch by Alexander . Hampson grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Kinley pitching for Rockies . McKinstry doubled to right . Betts grounded out to shortstop , McKinstry to third . Seager singled to left center , McKinstry scored . Turner popped out to second . Bellinger flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . McMahon hit for Kinley . Alexander pitching for Dodgers . McMahon flied out to center . Tapia safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Turner . Fuentes flied out to right . Story popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 9th . Bard pitching for Rockies . Muncy tripled to deep right . Taylor walked . Ríos hit for Alexander . Ríos struck out looking . Smith hit by pitch , Taylor to second . Beaty hit for McKinstry . Beaty struck out looking . Betts lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 5 - Rockies 8 .	Bellinger has homer negated , Rox play small ball in 8 - 5 win