Rockies - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Tapia walked . Story flied out to right . McMahon doubled to right , Tapia scored . Blackmon grounded out to second , McMahon to third . Hampson flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Rockies . Edman singled to left . Carlson singled to center , Edman to third . Goldschmidt singled to right , Edman scored , Carlson to second . Arenado grounded out to shortstop , Goldschmidt to second , Carlson to third . DeJong singled to center , Carlson scored , Goldschmidt to third . DeJong stole second . Molina grounded out to second , Goldschmidt scored , DeJong to third . O'Neill struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Joe walked . Nuñez flied out to center . Fuentes singled to shallow center , Joe to third . González bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Fuentes to second , Joe out at home . Tapia grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Rockies . Bader lined out to right . Martínez grounded out to third . Edman grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Story flied out to right . McMahon grounded out to first . Blackmon singled to left center . Hampson walked , Blackmon to second . Joe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Rockies . Carlson hit by pitch . Goldschmidt singled to center , Carlson to second . Arenado lined out to pitcher . DeJong walked , Goldschmidt to second , Carlson to third . Molina singled to center , Carlson scored and Goldschmidt scored , DeJong to second . O'Neill grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Molina out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Nuñez struck out swinging . Fuentes grounded out to third . González grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Rockies . Bader popped out to third . Martínez flied out to second . Edman grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Tapia reached on infield single to shortstop . Story doubled to deep left center , Tapia to third . McMahon struck out looking . Blackmon walked . Hampson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blackmon to second , Story to third , Tapia out at home . Story scored on Martínez wild pitch , Hampson to second on wild pitch by Martínez , Blackmon to third on wild pitch by Martínez . Joe walked . Nuñez doubled to deep right center , Blackmon scored , Joe scored and Hampson scored . Fuentes popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Rockies . Carlson singled to left . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 430 feet ) , Carlson scored . McMahon at third base . Hampson at second base . Lawrence pitching for Rockies . Daza in center field . Arenado doubled to left . DeJong doubled to deep left , Arenado scored . Molina struck out looking . DeJong stole third . O'Neill hit sacrifice fly to center , DeJong scored . Bader singled to shallow left . Williams hit for Martínez . Williams flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Whitley pitching for Cardinals . Daza struck out swinging . Tapia grounded out to pitcher . Story struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Lawrence pitching for Rockies . Edman walked . Carlson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Edman out at second . Goldschmidt popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Gallegos pitching for Cardinals . McMahon lined out to center . Blackmon reached on infield single to second . Hampson bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Blackmon out at second . Joe singled to left , Hampson to second , Hampson safe at third on fielding error by left fielder O'Neill . Nuñez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Kinley pitching for Rockies . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . DeJong walked . Molina struck out swinging . O'Neill singled to right center , DeJong to second . Bader grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Trejo hit for Kinley . Gallegos pitching for Cardinals . Trejo singled to left . Daza grounded out to shortstop , Trejo to second . Tapia doubled to deep right , Trejo scored . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Thomas in left field . Story walked . McMahon grounded out to first , Story to second , Tapia to third . Blackmon singled to center , Tapia scored and Story scored . Blackmon to second on pickoff error by pitcher Reyes . Hampson lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Givens pitching for Rockies . Thomas walked . Edman grounded out to first , Thomas to second . Carlson walked . Carlson to second on wild pitch by Givens , Thomas to third on wild pitch by Givens . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Arenado intentionally walked . DeJong popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Joe struck out swinging . Nuñez struck out swinging . Adams hit for Givens . Adams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 8 - Cardinals 9 .	Molina 3 RBIs in return from injured list , Cards top Rockies