Rockies - Top 1st . Faria pitching for Diamondbacks . Hampson struck out swinging . Tapia grounded out to first . Story walked . Rodgers grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Story out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Rockies . Rojas singled to right . VanMeter struck out swinging . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rojas out at second . Escobar popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Faria pitching for Diamondbacks . McMahon singled to left . Cron struck out swinging . Daza lined out to right . Nuñez doubled to deep left , McMahon scored . González struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Rockies . Reddick singled to center . Fairchild grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reddick out at second . Ahmed struck out swinging . Holaday grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Faria pitching for Diamondbacks . Hampson struck out swinging . Tapia singled to left . Story flied out to right . Rodgers grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tapia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Rockies . Faria struck out swinging . Rojas singled to right center . VanMeter fouled out to third . Smith popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Faria pitching for Diamondbacks . McMahon grounded out to first . Cron grounded out to third . Daza walked . Nuñez singled to right , Daza to third . González singled to right , Daza scored , Nuñez to third . Hampson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , González out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Rockies . Escobar walked . Reddick singled to right , Escobar to third . Fairchild grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Escobar scored , Reddick out at second . Ahmed struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Faria pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia flied out to left . Story flied out to center . Rodgers grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Rockies . Holaday struck out swinging . Young hit for Faria . Young doubled to deep center . Rojas grounded out to first , Young to third . VanMeter homered to right ( 383 feet ) , Young scored . Smith grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Weems pitching for Diamondbacks . McMahon struck out swinging . Cron hit by pitch . Daza grounded out to shortstop , Cron to second . Nuñez intentionally walked . Blackmon hit for González . Blackmon reached on infield single to second , Cron scored , Nuñez to third . Nuñez scored on Weems wild pitch , Blackmon to second on wild pitch by Weems . Hampson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Lawrence pitching for Rockies . Escobar flied out to center . Reddick walked . Fairchild struck out swinging . Ahmed grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reddick out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Rojas in right field . Reddick in center field . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Peralta in left field . Tapia doubled to shallow left . Story doubled to deep left , Tapia scored . Rodgers reached on infield single to shortstop . McMahon singled to center , Story scored , Rodgers to second . Cron hit by pitch , McMahon to second , Rodgers to third . Gray ran for Cron . Daza doubled to deep left , Rodgers scored and McMahon scored , Gray to third . Nuñez grounded out to second . Fuentes hit for Lawrence . Fuentes flied out to right . Hampson flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Chacín pitching for Rockies . Varsho hit for Holaday . Fuentes at first base . Varsho walked . Peralta reached on infield single to first , Varsho to second . Rojas grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Peralta safe at second on fielding error by first baseman Fuentes , Varsho to third . VanMeter popped out to third . Smith flied out to left . Escobar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 8th . Varsho catching . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia grounded out to second . Story safe at first on throwing error by second baseman VanMeter . Rodgers struck out swinging . McMahon lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Reddick flied out to center . Cabrera hit for Smith . Cabrera struck out swinging . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Bukauskas pitching for Diamondbacks . Owings hit for Estévez . Owings flied out to right . Daza flied out to right . Nuñez doubled to deep left . Fuentes singled to right , Nuñez scored , Fuentes to second . Hampson struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Almonte pitching for Rockies . Varsho popped out to second . Peralta popped out to shortstop . Rojas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 9 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Nunez , Rockies avoid sweep , beat D - Backs for rare road win