Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Gomber pitching for Rockies . Ahmed grounded out to third . Marte doubled to deep right . Cabrera struck out swinging . Kelly grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Joe fouled out to first . Rodgers singled to right . Story flied out to right . Blackmon fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Gomber pitching for Rockies . Smith walked . Walker flied out to center . Rojas singled to right , Smith to third . Ellis hit by pitch , Rojas to second . Gilbert bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Ellis to second , Rojas to third , Smith out at home . Ahmed flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Cron singled to center . McMahon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cron out at second . Díaz reached on infield single to third . Hampson homered to left center ( 426 feet ) , Díaz scored . Gomber reached on infield single to catcher . Joe grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Gomber pitching for Rockies . Marte struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Kelly walked . Smith singled to center , Kelly to second . Walker walked , Smith to second , Kelly to third . Rojas reached on infield single to second , Kelly scored and Smith scored , Walker to third . Ellis flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Rodgers flied out to center . Story tripled to deep right . Blackmon reached on infield single to shortstop , Story scored . Cron grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blackmon out at second . McMahon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Gomber pitching for Rockies . Gilbert struck out swinging . Ahmed popped out to second . Marte homered to right ( 402 feet ) . Cabrera singled to right . Kelly flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Díaz walked . Hampson struck out looking . Gomber sacrificed to pitcher , Díaz to second . Joe singled to right , Díaz scored . Rodgers flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Gomber pitching for Rockies . Smith grounded out to second . Walker lined out to left . Rojas grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks . Story hit by pitch . Blackmon flied out to left . Cron doubled to left , Story to third . McMahon lined into double play , pitcher to third , Story doubled off third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Stephenson pitching for Rockies . Ellis singled to shallow right . Peralta hit for Gilbert . Peralta tripled to center , Ellis scored . Ahmed struck out swinging . Marte struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Rojas at second base . de Geus pitching for Diamondbacks . Peralta in left field . Díaz flied out to left . Hampson walked . Hilliard hit for Stephenson . Hampson stole second . Hilliard tripled to shallow right , Hampson scored . Joe doubled to center , Hilliard scored . Rodgers walked . Story fouled out to right , Joe to third . Aguilar pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Chacín pitching for Rockies . Kelly walked . Smith singled to left center , Kelly to third . Walker flied out to second . Rojas struck out swinging . VanMeter hit for Aguilar . VanMeter walked , Smith to second . Peralta lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Ramirez pitching for Diamondbacks . Cron grounded out to first . McMahon singled to center . Díaz flied out to center . Hampson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Ahmed grounded out to second . Marte walked . Cabrera doubled to deep right center , Marte thrown out at home . Kelly grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Motter hit for Estévez . Motter singled to center . Joe lined out to shortstop . Rodgers reached on infield single to third , Motter to second . Story grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodgers safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Ahmed , Motter to third . Blackmon hit sacrifice fly to center , Motter scored . Cron doubled to shallow left , Story scored and Rodgers scored . McMahon grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Gilbreath pitching for Rockies . Smith struck out swinging . Walker singled to right . Rojas grounded out to pitcher , Walker to second . Hager hit for Peacock . Hager grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Rockies 9 .	Hilliard , Hampson lift Rockies over Diamondbacks 9 - 4