Nationals - Top 1st . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Thomas grounded out to first . Escobar doubled to deep right . Soto grounded out to first , Escobar to third . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Hampson struck out swinging . Rodgers struck out swinging . Story doubled to left . Cron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Ruiz singled to right center . Hernández walked , Ruiz to second . Kieboom grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hernández out at second , Ruiz to third . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Díaz singled to shallow left center . McMahon struck out looking . Daza grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Díaz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Corbin reached on infield single to shortstop . Thomas popped out to shortstop . Escobar lined out to left . Soto fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Hilliard walked . Freeland sacrificed to pitcher , Hilliard to second . Hampson grounded out to shortstop , Hilliard to third . Rodgers lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman doubled to deep left center . Ruiz lined out to center , Zimmerman to third . Hernández flied out to left . Kieboom flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Story grounded out to shortstop . Cron walked . Díaz singled to right , Cron to second . McMahon doubled to left center , Cron scored , Díaz to third . Daza struck out swinging . Hilliard intentionally walked . Freeland struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . García grounded out to second . Corbin grounded out to third . Thomas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Hampson lined out to center . Rodgers grounded out to pitcher . Story homered to center ( 475 feet ) . Cron struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Escobar walked . Soto grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Escobar out at second . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Díaz grounded out to third . McMahon struck out swinging . Daza reached on infield single to third . Hilliard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Ruiz flied out to left . Hernández singled to shallow right . Kieboom singled to right center , Hernández to second . García flied out to center , Hernández to third . Bell hit for Corbin . Bell walked , Kieboom to second . Thomas walked , Hernández scored , Bell to second , Kieboom to third . Kinley pitching for Rockies . Escobar flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Romero pitching for Nationals . Tapia hit for Kinley . Tapia tripled to deep center . Hampson struck out swinging . Rodgers doubled to deep right , Tapia scored . Story flied out to center , Rodgers to third . Cron struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Sheffield pitching for Rockies . Daza in center field . Hilliard in right field . Tapia in left field . Soto struck out swinging . Zimmerman reached on infield single to third . Ruiz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Murphy pitching for Nationals . Díaz fouled out to first . McMahon struck out swinging . Daza walked . Hilliard doubled to deep center , Daza to third . Tapia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Hernández walked . Kieboom grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hernández out at second . García grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kieboom out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 1 - Rockies 3 .	Freeland , Story propel Rockies to 3 - 1 win over Nationals