Red Sox - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Royals. Aviles flied out to center. Pedroia walked. Ortiz singled to center, Pedroia to second. Ross struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to center, Pedroia scored, Ortiz to second. Middlebrooks homered to right (357 feet), Ortiz and Gonzalez scored. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Dyson flied out to left. Gordon grounded out to second. Butler walked. Hosmer fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Royals. Byrd popped out to first. Shoppach grounded out to third. Aviles singled to center. Aviles stole second. Pedroia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Francoeur walked. Moustakas doubled to deep center, Francoeur to third. Pena grounded out to second, Francoeur scored, Moustakas to third. Getz hit sacrifice fly to center, Moustakas scored. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Royals. Ortiz homered to right center (414 feet). Ross walked. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. McDonald walked, Ross to second. Byrd struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Dyson reached on bunt single to second. Gordon reached on infield single to third, Dyson to third, Dyson scored, Gordon to third on throwing error by third baseman Middlebrooks. Butler flied out to right. Hosmer grounded out to second, Gordon scored. Francoeur flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 4th. Sanchez pitching for Royals. Shoppach tripled to deep left. Adcock pitching for Royals. Aviles grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia homered to center (422 feet), Shoppach scored. Ortiz singled to center. Ross fouled out to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Moustakas popped out to shortstop. Pena lined out to pitcher. Getz fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Adcock pitching for Royals. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. McDonald singled to shallow center. McDonald caught stealing second, catcher to second to first to shortstop. Byrd singled to right center. Shoppach struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Escobar lined out to first. Dyson grounded out to third. Gordon singled to center. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Adcock pitching for Royals. Aviles flied out to center. Pedroia doubled to center. Ortiz intentionally walked. Ross grounded into double play, third to first, Pedroia out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Hosmer struck out swinging. Francoeur struck out swinging. Moustakas flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Adcock pitching for Royals. Gonzalez singled to center. Middlebrooks doubled to deep center, Gonzalez to third. Herrera pitching for Royals. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. Byrd grounded out to third. Shoppach lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Pena singled to center. Getz fouled out to third. Escobar singled to center, Pena to second. Dyson singled to left, Pena to third, Escobar to second. Gordon walked, Pena scored, Escobar to third, Dyson to second. Padilla pitching for Red Sox. Butler grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gordon out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Aviles struck out swinging. Pedroia walked. Collins pitching for Royals. Pedroia stole second. Ortiz intentionally walked. Ross doubled to deep center, Pedroia scored, Ortiz to third, Ortiz scored on error by center fielder Dyson. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Ross to third. Middlebrooks homered to left (372 feet), Ross scored. McDonald struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Padilla pitching for Red Sox. Hosmer grounded out to second. Francoeur singled to right center. Moustakas reached on infield single to pitcher, Francoeur to second. Pena grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Moustakas out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Crow pitching for Royals. Byrd singled to center. Shoppach grounded out to third, Byrd to second. Aviles struck out swinging. Pedroia walked. Punto ran for Pedroia. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Punto at second base. Padilla pitching for Red Sox. Getz grounded out to shortstop. Escobar struck out swinging. Dyson singled to left center. Dyson to second on fielder's indifference. Gordon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 11 - Royals 5.	Red Sox erupt, end five-game slide