Royals - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Gordon grounded out to second. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop. Butler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Smith pitching for Royals. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Granderson homered to right (398 feet). Teixeira walked. Rodriguez homered to left (401 feet), Teixeira scored. Cano grounded out to third. Swisher popped out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Francoeur grounded out to second. Moustakas struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Smith pitching for Royals. Jones fouled out to third. Martin struck out swinging. Nix grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Hosmer reached on infield single to first. Quintero flied out to right. Hosmer stole second. Maier reached on infield single to second, Hosmer to third. Gordon grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Maier out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Smith pitching for Royals. Jeter doubled to left center. Granderson singled to right, Jeter to third. Teixeira grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jeter scored, Granderson out at second. Rodriguez homered to center (421 feet). Cano lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Giavotella struck out swinging. Butler homered to right (370 feet). Francoeur singled to right. Moustakas struck out swinging. Escobar singled to center, Francoeur to second. Hosmer reached on infield single to shortstop, Francoeur to third, Escobar to second. Quintero struck out swinging. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Smith pitching for Royals. Swisher lined out to center. Jones singled to shallow center. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Martin grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Maier homered to right (379 feet). Gordon grounded out to first. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop. Butler lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Nix hit by pitch. Jeter reached on bunt single to third, Nix to second, Nix to third, Jeter to second on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas. Granderson walked. Teixeira walked, Nix scored, Jeter to third, Granderson to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jeter out at home, Granderson to third, Teixeira to second. Mijares pitching for Royals. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Granderson scored, Rodriguez out at second, Teixeira to third. Swisher hit by pitch, Cano to second. Coleman pitching for Royals. Jones walked, Teixeira scored, Cano to third, Swisher to second. Martin flied out to center. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Francoeur grounded out to pitcher. Moustakas struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Nix struck out swinging. Jeter lined out to center. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Hosmer grounded out to shortstop. Quintero struck out looking. Maier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Holland pitching for Royals. Teixeira walked. Rodriguez struck out looking. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to second, Teixeira out at second. Swisher walked, Cano to second. Jones walked, Cano to third, Swisher to second. Martin flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Gordon walked. Phelps pitching for Yankees. Giavotella grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gordon out at second. Butler grounded out to third, Giavotella to second. Francoeur struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Broxton pitching for Royals. Nix flied out to center. Jeter singled to center. Granderson struck out swinging. Teixeira grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Phelps pitching for Yankees. Moustakas grounded out to pitcher. Escobar doubled to deep center. Hosmer doubled to shallow left, Escobar scored. Quintero grounded out to third, Hosmer to third. Maier struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 3 - Yankees 8.	A-Rod ends skid with 2 HRs in Yankees' win