Royals - Top 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Gordon singled to right center. Giavotella grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gordon out at second. Giavotella to second on wild pitch by Masterson. Butler flied out to center. Moustakas homered to right center (394 feet), Giavotella scored. Francoeur struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Smith pitching for Royals. Choo walked. Choo stole second. Kipnis walked. Cabrera singled to left, Choo to third, Kipnis to second. Lopez singled to left, Choo scored, Kipnis to third, Cabrera to second. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kipnis scored, Lopez out at second, Cabrera to third. Cunningham popped out to second. Brantley stole second. Chisenhall struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Hosmer singled to left center. Escobar hit by pitch, Hosmer to second. Dyson sacrificed to pitcher, Hosmer to third, Escobar to second. Quintero grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hosmer scored, Escobar to third. Gordon singled to right center, Escobar scored, Quintero to third. Giavotella singled to left, Quintero scored, Gordon to second. Gordon to third, Giavotella to second on passed ball by Carlin. Butler struck out swinging. Moustakas singled to right, Gordon and Giavotella scored. Francoeur struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Smith pitching for Royals. Carlin safe at first on error by second baseman Giavotella. Diaz grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Carlin out at second. Choo struck out swinging, Choo safe at on error by player player, Choo to first on throwing error by catcher Quintero. Kipnis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Hosmer grounded out to first. Escobar struck out swinging. Dyson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Smith pitching for Royals. Cabrera struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to third. Brantley singled to center. Cunningham singled to center, Brantley to second. Chisenhall grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Quintero struck out swinging. Gordon grounded out to second. Giavotella singled to center. Butler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Smith pitching for Royals. Carlin safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas. Diaz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Carlin out at second. Choo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Moustakas grounded out to first. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Smith pitching for Royals. Kipnis struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to third. Lopez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Escobar grounded out to third. Dyson singled to center. Dyson stole second. Quintero singled to left, Dyson scored. Gordon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Quintero out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Smith pitching for Royals. Brantley grounded out to second. Cunningham grounded out to shortstop. Chisenhall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Accardo pitching for Indians. Giavotella struck out swinging. Butler singled to right. Moustakas struck out swinging. Francoeur struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Carlin safe at first on error by first baseman Hosmer. Diaz singled to right, Carlin to second. Choo struck out swinging. Kipnis grounded out to pitcher, Carlin to third, Diaz to second. Cabrera fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 8th. Accardo pitching for Indians. Hosmer grounded out to catcher. Escobar grounded out to first. Dyson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Collins pitching for Royals. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Brantley flied out to center. Cunningham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Hagadone pitching for Indians. Quintero grounded out to first. Gordon fouled out to catcher. Giavotella struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Crow pitching for Royals. Chisenhall flied out to left. Carlin flied out to left. Diaz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 8 - Indians 2.	Smith gets first MLB win as Royals rip Indians