Athletics - Top 1st. Mazzaro pitching for Royals. Cowgill singled to center. Pennington flied out to center. Reddick reached on infield single to shortstop, Cowgill to second. Cespedes flied out to center. Ka'aihue walked, Cowgill to third, Reddick to second. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ka'aihue out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Milone pitching for Athletics. Gordon walked. Giavotella flied out to right. Butler singled to left, Gordon to second. Francoeur popped out to second. Betancourt popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Mazzaro pitching for Royals. Smith flied out to left. Donaldson singled to center. Rosales grounded into fielder's choice to second, Donaldson out at second. Cowgill grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Milone pitching for Athletics. Hosmer homered to center (425 feet). Pena struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. Dyson struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Mazzaro pitching for Royals. Pennington grounded out to second. Reddick walked. Cespedes popped out to second. Reddick stole second. Ka'aihue struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Milone pitching for Athletics. Gordon doubled to deep right center. Giavotella fouled out to right, Gordon to third. Butler struck out swinging. Francoeur lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Mazzaro pitching for Royals. Inge struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to second. Donaldson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Milone pitching for Athletics. Betancourt fouled out to shortstop. Hosmer singled to right. Pena struck out swinging, Hosmer stole second. Escobar lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Mazzaro pitching for Royals. Rosales walked. Cowgill singled to center, Rosales to second. Pennington sacrificed to third, Rosales to third, Cowgill to second. Reddick flied out to left, Rosales thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Milone pitching for Athletics. Dyson singled to center. Gordon flied out to center. Dyson stole second. Giavotella singled to center, Dyson scored. Butler singled to left, Giavotella to second. Francoeur grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Butler out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Mazzaro pitching for Royals. Cespedes grounded out to second. Ka'aihue grounded out to second. Inge fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Milone pitching for Athletics. Betancourt singled to right. Betancourt caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Hosmer safe at first on error by first baseman Ka'aihue. Pena grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hosmer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 7th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Smith grounded out to second. Donaldson grounded out to third. Rosales singled to left center. Cowgill flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Milone pitching for Athletics. Escobar struck out swinging. Dyson lined out to shortstop. Gordon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Moustakas at third base. Betancourt at second base. Holland pitching for Royals. Pennington safe at first on error by second baseman Betancourt. Reddick singled to right, Pennington to second. Cespedes flied out to center. Ka'aihue grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Reddick out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Carignan pitching for Athletics. Moustakas singled to left. Butler singled to left, Moustakas to second. Maier ran for Butler. Francoeur popped out to second. Betancourt grounded into double play, third to second to first, Maier out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Broxton pitching for Royals. Inge singled to center. Smith grounded out to second, Inge to second. Crisp hit for Donaldson. Crisp grounded out to second, Inge to third. Weeks hit for Rosales. Weeks grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 0 - Royals 2.	Royals blank A's as Mazzaro stymies ex-mates