Royals - Top 1st. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Gordon singled to left. Getz singled to right, Gordon to second. Hosmer grounded out to pitcher, Gordon to third, Getz to second. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gordon out at home, Getz to third. Moustakas singled to center, Getz scored, Francoeur to second. Pena fouled out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Chen pitching for Royals. Furcal grounded out to third. Beltran singled to center. Holliday homered to left (439 feet), Beltran scored. Craig flied out to center. Freese doubled to deep right. Molina homered to left (401 feet), Freese scored. Robinson flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Escobar lined out to right. Dyson grounded out to shortstop. Chen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Chen pitching for Royals. Greene reached on infield single to shortstop. Kelly sacrificed to first, Greene to second. Furcal popped out to second. Beltran singled to center, Greene scored. Holliday doubled to deep right, Beltran scored. Adcock pitching for Royals. Craig struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Gordon lined out to left. Getz singled to shallow left. Hosmer struck out swinging. Getz picked off first. Francoeur batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Adcock pitching for Royals. Freese singled to left. Freese caught stealing second, catcher to second. Molina flied out to center. Robinson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Francoeur struck out swinging. Moustakas homered to right (418 feet). Pena grounded out to second. Escobar walked. Dyson doubled to left, Escobar to third. Butler hit for Adcock. Butler flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Colon pitching for Royals. Greene flied out to right. Kelly grounded out to second. Furcal grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Getz safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Greene. Hosmer singled to left, Getz to second. Francoeur hit by pitch, Getz to third, Hosmer to second. Marte pitching for Cardinals. Moustakas grounded out to first, Getz scored, Hosmer to third, Francoeur to second. Pena walked. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pena out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Colon pitching for Royals. Beltran singled to deep right. Holliday lined out to center. Craig grounded into fielder's choice to first, Beltran out at second. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Craig out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Dyson walked. Colon bunt popped out to catcher. Dyson stole second. Gordon singled to center, Dyson scored. Getz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gordon out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Colon pitching for Royals. Molina walked. Robinson struck out swinging. Greene grounded into double play, third to second to first, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Hosmer walked. Sanchez pitching for Cardinals. Francoeur singled to center, Hosmer to second. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at second base. Moustakas singled to deep right, Hosmer scored, Francoeur to third, Moustakas to second on error by right fielder Beltran. Pena reached on infield single to pitcher. Escobar singled to right, Francoeur and Moustakas scored, Pena to third, Escobar out stretching at second. Dyson struck out swinging. Betancourt hit for Colon. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Betancourt fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Collins pitching for Royals. Quintero catching. Descalso walked. Furcal reached on bunt single to catcher, Descalso to second. Beltran fouled out to first. Holland pitching for Royals. Holliday singled to right, Descalso scored, Furcal to third, Holliday to second advancing on throw. Craig walked. Freese struck out swinging. Molina singled to center, Furcal and Holliday scored, Craig to second. Herrera pitching for Royals. Robinson flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Gordon singled to right. Getz grounded out to third, Gordon to second. Hosmer grounded out to third, Gordon to third. Francoeur lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Chambers hit for Boggs. Herrera pitching for Royals. Chambers singled to right. Descalso sacrificed to first, Chambers to second. Furcal grounded out to second, Chambers to third. Beltran intentionally walked. Holliday doubled to right, Chambers scored, Beltran to third. Craig walked. Freese struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Chambers in left field. Moustakas struck out swinging. Maier hit for Herrera. Maier struck out swinging. Escobar singled to center. Dyson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 7 - Cardinals 10.	Holliday, Molina RBIs power Cards' offense