White Sox - Top 1st. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Wise flied out to left. Beckham lined out to second. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Cain struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Gordon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Konerko grounded out to third. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Butler singled to deep right center. Perez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Butler out at second. Moustakas singled to right. Francoeur singled to right, Moustakas to second. Hosmer reached on infield single to second, Moustakas tagged out at home, Francoeur to second. 0 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Ramirez lined out to second. Viciedo lined out to center. Olmedo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Giavotella singled to left, Giavotella out stretching at second. Cain grounded out to third. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Wise grounded out to second. Beckham popped out to third. Dunn popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Butler struck out swinging. Perez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Konerko flied out to left. Rios grounded out to third. Pierzynski walked. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Moustakas singled to right. Moustakas to second on wild pitch by Quintana. Francoeur walked. Hosmer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Francoeur out at second, Moustakas to third. Giavotella grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Viciedo grounded out to third. Olmedo flied out to center. Wise flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Cain singled to left center. Escobar walked, Cain to second. Cain to third, Escobar to second on wild pitch by Quintana. Gordon struck out swinging. Butler intentionally walked. Perez doubled to left, Cain and Escobar scored, Butler to third. Moustakas grounded out to second. Francoeur intentionally walked. Hosmer struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Beckham struck out swinging. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Giavotella lined out to right. Cain flied out to center. Escobar reached on bunt single to third. Gordon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Viciedo singled to center. Olmedo singled to right, Viciedo to second. Collins pitching for Royals. Wise safe at third on error by first baseman Hosmer, Viciedo and Olmedo scored. Holland pitching for Royals. Beckham popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Crain pitching for White Sox. Butler walked. Dyson ran for Butler. Dyson stole second. Perez singled to right center, Dyson scored, Perez to second advancing on throw. Moustakas walked. Francoeur struck out looking. Veal pitching for White Sox. Hosmer walked, Perez to third, Moustakas to second. Jones pitching for White Sox. Giavotella grounded into fielder's choice to third, Perez out at home, Moustakas to third, Hosmer to second, Moustakas scored, Hosmer to third on throwing error by catcher Pierzynski. Cain singled to right, Hosmer scored, Giavotella to third. Escobar struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 9th. Holland pitching for Royals. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko flied out to right. Rios grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 2 - Royals 5.	Guthrie loses no-no in 7th in Royals' victory