Royals - Top 1st. Walters pitching for Twins. Lough singled to left. Escobar struck out swinging. Gordon flied out to center. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lough out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Span tripled to deep right center. Revere grounded out to third. Willingham singled to left center, Span scored. Morneau struck out swinging. Doumit grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Walters pitching for Twins. Perez flied out to center. Moustakas flied out to center. Cain struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. Casilla grounded out to shortstop. Butera singled to right. Florimon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Walters pitching for Twins. Hosmer walked. Giavotella grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hosmer out at second. Lough popped out to shortstop. Escobar hit by pitch, Giavotella to second. Gordon fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Span singled to center. Revere flied out to left. Willingham walked, Span to second. Morneau walked, Span to third, Willingham to second. Doumit walked, Span scored, Willingham to third, Morneau to second. Carroll hit sacrifice fly to center, Willingham scored. Casilla lined out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Walters pitching for Twins. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Perez homered to left center (398 feet). Moustakas struck out swinging. Cain grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Butera struck out swinging. Florimon flied out to left. Span grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Walters pitching for Twins. Hosmer walked. Giavotella singled to center, Hosmer to second. Lough singled to right, Hosmer to third, Giavotella to second. Escobar singled to right, Hosmer scored, Giavotella to third, Lough to second. Gordon singled to left center, Giavotella scored, Lough to third, Escobar to second. Butler singled to deep left, Lough and Escobar scored, Gordon to third. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Perez popped out to second. Moustakas popped out to third. Cain singled to right, Gordon scored, Butler to second. Hosmer struck out looking. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Revere grounded out to second. Willingham struck out swinging. Morneau walked. Doumit doubled to left, Morneau to third. Carroll singled to center, Morneau and Doumit scored. Casilla grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Giavotella grounded out to second. Lough flied out to left. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Collins pitching for Royals. Butera walked. Florimon sacrificed to pitcher, Butera to second. Span struck out looking. Revere popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Gordon lined out to center. Butler singled to right. Perez flied out to left. Duensing pitching for Twins. Moustakas singled to left, Butler to second. Cain grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moustakas out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Collins pitching for Royals. Willingham flied out to center. Morneau grounded out to second. Doumit flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Hosmer singled to left. Giavotella safe at first on error by left fielder Doumit, Hosmer to second. Lough bunt popped out foul to catcher. Fien pitching for Twins. Gordon reaches on fielder's choice to second, Giavotella scores, Escobar to third. Gordon batting. Waldrop pitching for Twins. Butler singled to left, Escobar scored, Gordon to second. Perez singled to deep left, Gordon scored, Butler to third. Moustakas hit by pitch, Perez to second. Cain lined into double play, pitcher to first, Moustakas out at first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 4 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Carroll grounded out to third. Casilla reached on infield single to second. Butera struck out looking. Casilla stole second. Casilla stole second. Florimon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Perdomo pitching for Twins. Hosmer flied out to left. Giavotella struck out swinging. Lough struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Bueno pitching for Royals. Span reached on infield single to first. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Span out at second. Willingham grounded out to shortstop, Revere to second. Morneau struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 10 - Twins 5.	Butler tallies 3 hits, 3 RBIs as Royals top Twins