Royals - Top 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Dyson flied out to left. Escobar popped out to second. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Jackson singled to right. Berry flied into double play, center to first, Jackson doubled off first. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Butler singled to left. Perez popped out to first. Moustakas struck out swinging. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to second, Butler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Fielder homered to right (421 feet). Young flied out to right. Dirks reached on infield single to third. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dirks out at second. Avila doubled to deep right center, Peralta scored. Infante flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Hosmer grounded out to second. Giavotella struck out looking. Dyson singled to center. Dyson stole second. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Jackson flied out to right. Berry flied out to center. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Gordon homered to left (365 feet). Butler struck out swinging. Perez grounded out to second. Moustakas grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Fielder struck out looking. Young flied out to center. Dirks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Francoeur singled to shallow center. Hosmer flied out to center. Giavotella singled to right, Francoeur to third. Dyson struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Peralta singled to center, Peralta out stretching at second. Avila walked. Infante singled to right, Avila to second. Jackson doubled to right, Avila scored, Infante to third, Infante scored, Jackson to second on throwing error by right fielder Francoeur.A Jackson out at third. Berry struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Butler singled to left. Perez singled to center, Butler to second. Moustakas struck out swinging. Francoeur flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Cabrera singled to left. Fielder lined out to right. Young singled to right, Cabrera to third. Dirks hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored. Peralta lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Hosmer grounded out to first. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop. Dyson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Lough in center field. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Avila struck out looking. Infante grounded out to shortstop. Jackson reached on infield single to pitcher. Berry grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Escobar doubled to deep left. Gordon flied out to center, Escobar to third. Butler singled to center, Escobar scored. Perez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Butler out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Cabrera struck out looking. Fielder singled to right. Young singled to center, Fielder to second. Adcock pitching for Royals. Dirks singled to left center, Fielder scored, Young to second. Worth ran for Young. Peralta grounded into double play, third to first, Worth out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Moustakas flied out to center. Francoeur struck out swinging. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 2 - Tigers 6.	Verlander helps Tigers bounce back   \n\n