Royals - Top 1st. Huff pitching for Indians. Bourgeois reached on infield single to shortstop. Bourgeois caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to first to second. Abreu popped out to second. Gordon singled to right. Butler popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Smith pitching for Royals. Choo struck out swinging. Phelps flied out to left. Kipnis walked. Kipnis stole second. Santana walked. Canzler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Huff pitching for Indians. Perez singled to left. Francoeur fouled out to third. Moustakas singled to right, Perez to second. Moore doubled to deep left, Perez scored, Moustakas to third. Giavotella struck out swinging. Bourgeois popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Smith pitching for Royals. Kotchman lined out to right. Chisenhall singled to left. Lillibridge singled to right, Chisenhall to third. Carrera singled to right center, Chisenhall scored, Lillibridge to second. Choo doubled to deep left, Lillibridge scored, Carrera to third. Phelps singled to left, Carrera scored, Choo to third. Kipnis grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Phelps out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Huff pitching for Indians. Abreu struck out looking. Gordon struck out looking. Butler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Smith pitching for Royals. Santana flied out to left. Canzler singled to left center. Kotchman struck out swinging. Chisenhall doubled to deep center, Canzler scored. Lillibridge grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Huff pitching for Indians. Perez flied out to center. Francoeur struck out swinging. Moustakas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Smith pitching for Royals. Carrera singled to center. Choo doubled to deep center, Carrera scored. Teaford pitching for Royals. Phelps singled to shallow left, Choo to third. Kipnis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Choo scored, Phelps out at second. Santana flied out to center. Canzler safe at first on error by third baseman Moustakas, Kipnis to second. Kotchman grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 5th. Huff pitching for Indians. Moore grounded out to second. Giavotella singled to center. Bourgeois grounded into fielder's choice to third, Giavotella out at second. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Teaford pitching for Royals. Chisenhall singled to right. Lillibridge hit by pitch, Chisenhall to second. Carrera reached on bunt single to pitcher, Chisenhall to third, Lillibridge to second. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Chisenhall out at home, Lillibridge to third, Carrera to second. Phelps lined out to second. Kipnis singled to shallow left, Lillibridge and Carrera scored, Choo to second. Santana struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Huff pitching for Indians. Gordon singled to right. Butler homered to left (384 feet), Gordon scored. Perez flied out to center. Francoeur popped out to first. Moustakas flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Teaford pitching for Royals. Canzler singled to left. Kotchman lined out to center. Chisenhall flied out to center. Lillibridge reached on infield single to second, Canzler to second. Carrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Allen pitching for Indians. Moore grounded out to shortstop. Giavotella flied out to right. Bourgeois safe at first on error by first baseman Kotchman. Abreu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 7th. Mazzaro pitching for Royals. Choo walked. Phelps singled to right, Choo to second. Kipnis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phelps out at second, Choo to third. Santana grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kipnis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Maine pitching for Indians. Gordon singled to left. Butler doubled to deep center, Gordon to third. Perez singled to left, Gordon and Butler scored. Smith pitching for Indians. Perez to second on passed ball by Santana. Francoeur grounded out to third. Moustakas flied out to center. Pena hit for Moore. Pena flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Mazzaro pitching for Royals. Canzler lined out to second. Holland pitching for Royals. Kotchman struck out swinging. Chisenhall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Rottino in left field. Perez pitching for Indians. Giavotella flied out to right. Lough hit for Bourgeois. Lough grounded out to first. Abreu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 5 - Indians 8.	Alomar Jr. wins managerial debut for Indians