Royals - Top 1st. McAllister pitching for Indians. Dyson lined out to left. Falu grounded out to pitcher. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Choo grounded out to first. Kipnis struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. McAllister pitching for Indians. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Perez singled to center. Moustakas popped out to shortstop. Francoeur flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Chisenhall struck out swinging. Hannahan singled to left center. Lillibridge flied out to left. Kotchman singled to center, Hannahan to third. Marson singled to right center, Hannahan scored, Kotchman to second. Donald flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. McAllister pitching for Indians. Lough popped out to shortstop. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Dyson walked. Dyson stole second. Falu lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Choo hit by pitch. Kipnis singled to center, Choo to second. Cabrera grounded out to second, Choo to third, Kipnis to second. Chisenhall walked. Hannahan struck out swinging. Lillibridge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Gordon struck out swinging. Butler flied out to left. Perez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Kotchman grounded out to shortstop. Marson struck out looking. Donald struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Moustakas flied out to center. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Lough flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Choo doubled to deep right. Choo stole third. Kipnis hit ground rule double to deep right, Choo scored. Cabrera reached on bunt single to third, Kipnis to third. Chisenhall struck out swinging. Hannahan doubled to deep right, Kipnis scored, Cabrera to third. Lillibridge walked. Kotchman grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera scored, Lillibridge out at second, Hannahan to third. Marson walked, Kotchman to second. Donald hit by pitch, Hannahan scored, Kotchman to third, Marson to second. Choo singled to center, Kotchman and Marson scored, Donald to third. Teaford pitching for Royals. Kipnis walked, Choo to second. Cabrera homered to left, Donald, Choo and Kipnis scored. Chisenhall grounded out to first. 10 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Abreu grounded out to second. Dyson reached on infield single to third. Falu grounded into fielder's choice to second, Dyson out at second. Falu to second on fielder's indifference. Gordon homered to right, Falu scored. Butler walked. Pina hit for Perez. Pina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Butler out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Pina catching. Giavotella at second base. Abreu at third base. Teaford pitching for Royals. Hannahan singled to left. Lillibridge grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Hannahan out at second. Kotchman singled to left. Marson reached on infield single to third, Kotchman to second. Donald struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Giavotella singled to right. Francoeur struck out swinging. Lough fouled out to first. Giavotella to second on fielder's indifference. Abreu singled to left center, Giavotella scored. Sipp pitching for Indians. Dyson flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Pena at first base. Jeffress pitching for Royals. Choo grounded out to pitcher. Kipnis walked. Cabrera singled to right center, Kipnis to second, Kipnis to third, Cabrera to second on error by right fielder Francoeur. LaPorta hit for Chisenhall. LaPorta doubled to deep left, Kipnis and Cabrera scored. Hannahan grounded out to second, LaPorta to third. Lillibridge struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 8th. Neal in left field. Phelps at second base. Rottino in right field. Lillibridge at shortstop. Donald in center field. Sipp pitching for Indians. Falu grounded out to third. Gordon grounded out to third. Pena singled to right. Pina grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pena out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Jeffress pitching for Royals. Kotchman grounded out to second. Marson reached on infield single to shortstop. Donald singled to left, Marson to second. Neal singled to left, Marson to third, Donald to second. Phelps singled to right, Marson scored, Donald to third, Neal to second. Coleman pitching for Royals. Rottino struck out swinging, Donald scored, Neal to third, Phelps to second on wild pitch by Coleman. LaPorta struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Giavotella lined out to center. Francoeur struck out swinging. Lough reached on infield single to second. Lough to second on fielder's indifference. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 3 - Indians 15.	Indians' 10-run inning keys blowout of Royals