Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Peralta grounded out to first . Dyson lined out to left . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick doubled to shallow left . Harper walked . Zimmerman flied out to right , Kendrick to third , Harper to second . Adams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Pollock homered to center ( 414 feet ) . Descalso walked . Marte grounded out to first , Descalso to second . Ahmed singled to right center , Descalso scored . Ahmed caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop to first . Mathis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Wieters singled to shallow left center . Stevenson struck out swinging . Difo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wieters out at second . Strasburg lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Godley struck out swinging . Peralta lined out to center . Dyson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner singled to center . Kendrick homered to center ( 407 feet ) , Turner scored . Harper walked . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Adams singled to right center , Harper to third . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Harper scored , Adams out at second . Stevenson grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Pollock singled to left center . Descalso doubled to left center , Pollock scored . Marte grounded out to shortstop , Descalso to third . Ahmed struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Difo grounded out to first . Strasburg singled to deep right . Turner singled to center , Strasburg to second . Kendrick singled to right , Strasburg to third , Turner to second . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Mathis walked . Godley struck out looking . Peralta struck out swinging . Dyson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Adams singled to shallow center . Wieters walked , Adams to second . Stevenson reached on bunt single to third , Adams to third , Wieters to second . Difo hit sacrifice fly to center , Adams scored . Strasburg struck out swinging . Turner fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to first . Pollock tripled to deep right center , Goldschmidt scored . Descalso hit sacrifice fly to left , Pollock scored . Marte popped out to second . Ahmed lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Kendrick struck out swinging . Harper grounded out to first . Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop . Sierra hit for Adams . Sierra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Sierra in left field . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Mathis flied out to right . Owings hit for Chafin . Owings safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Difo . Solís pitching for Nationals . Owings caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks . Wieters struck out swinging . Stevenson struck out swinging . Difo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Solís pitching for Nationals . Dyson grounded out to shortstop . Madson pitching for Nationals . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor hit for Madson . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . Turner struck out swinging . Kendrick grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Doolittle pitching for Nationals . Descalso struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to third . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Boxberger pitching for Diamondbacks . Harper lined out to right . Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher . Sierra struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Nationals 4 .	Pollock , Diamondbacks defeat Nats in series opener