Red Sox - Top 1st . Roark pitching for Nationals . Betts grounded out to shortstop . Benintendi lined out to center . Martinez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Turner singled to center . Soto reached on bunt single to third , Turner to second . Rendon popped out to second . Harper struck out swinging . Murphy fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Moreland singled to center . Bogaerts singled to right , Moreland to second . Devers grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bogaerts out at second , Moreland to third . Núñez homered to left center ( 395 feet ) , Moreland and Devers scored . León lined out to left . Johnson grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Reynolds struck out swinging . Taylor singled to center . Taylor caught stealing second , catcher to second . Severino walked . Roark grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Betts grounded out to shortstop . Benintendi grounded out to second . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Pearce at first base . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Turner fouled out to third . Soto grounded out to second . Rendon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Pearce doubled to deep left . Pearce to third on wild pitch by Roark . Bogaerts walked . Devers struck out looking . Núñez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bogaerts out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Harper doubled to deep right . Murphy grounded out to first , Harper to third . Reynolds singled to left center , Harper scored . Taylor singled to left , Reynolds to second . Severino lined out to center , Reynolds to third . Roark singled to left , Reynolds scored , Taylor to second . Turner flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Roark pitching for Nationals . León struck out swinging . Johnson singled to left . Betts singled to center , Johnson to second . Benintendi singled to center , Johnson to third , Betts to second . Martinez singled to shallow left , Johnson and Betts scored , Benintendi to second . Pearce singled to right , Benintendi scored , Martinez to third . Bogaerts homered to center ( 416 feet ) , Martinez and Pearce scored . Devers walked . Núñez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Devers out at second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Red Sox . Soto grounded out to third . Rendon singled to left center . Harper walked , Rendon to second . Murphy lined out to right . Hembree pitching for Red Sox . Reynolds singled to left center , Rendon to third , Harper to second . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Roark pitching for Nationals . León lined out to right . Hembree struck out swinging . Betts flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Hembree pitching for Red Sox . Severino homered to center ( 425 feet ) . Roark struck out swinging . Turner struck out swinging . Soto struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Benintendi lined out to center . Martinez flied out to right . Pearce lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . Harper struck out looking . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Goodwin in right field . Difo at second base . Collins pitching for Nationals . Bogaerts walked . Devers grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bogaerts out at second . Núñez doubled to left . León walked . Swihart hit for Workman . Swihart struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Cuevas pitching for Red Sox . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . Severino flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Grace pitching for Nationals . Betts walked . Benintendi grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Betts out at second . Martinez homered to left ( 440 feet ) , Benintendi scored . Pearce grounded out to third . Bogaerts grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Cuevas pitching for Red Sox . Goodwin homered to right ( 405 feet ) . Turner reached on infield single to second . Soto grounded out to first , Turner to second . Rendon flied out to right . Difo grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 11 - Nationals 4 .	Bogaerts , Martinez , Nunez homer as Red Sox beat Nats 11 - 4