Nationals - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Eaton lined out to left . Turner doubled to right center . Harper struck out swinging . Adams singled to center , Turner scored , Adams out stretching at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Dietrich grounded out to shortstop . Anderson popped out to second . Realmuto lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Soto homered to right ( 420 feet ) . Murphy lined out to left . Mark Reynolds flied out to right . Wieters grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Bour flied out to center . Castro struck out swinging . Prado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Scherzer singled to center . Eaton doubled to right , Scherzer to third . Scherzer scored , Eaton to third on wild pitch by López . Turner grounded out to third . Harper hit sacrifice fly to left , Eaton scored . Adams singled to right . Soto grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Riddle struck out swinging . Sierra struck out swinging . López struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Murphy singled to center . Mark Reynolds walked , Murphy to second . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mark Reynolds out at second , Murphy to third . Scherzer grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wieters out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Dietrich struck out looking . Anderson hit by pitch . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson out at second . Bour struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Eaton walked . Turner struck out swinging . Harper singled to left , Eaton to second . Adams flied out to right . Soto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Castro lined out to center . Prado singled to center . Riddle lined out to center . Sierra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Marlins . Murphy doubled to deep center . Mark Reynolds grounded out to third . Wieters struck out swinging . Scherzer hit by pitch . Maybin in center field . Hernandez pitching for Marlins . Eaton walked , Murphy to third , Scherzer to second . Turner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Maybin safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Murphy . Dietrich struck out looking . Anderson struck out looking . Realmuto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Marlins . Harper struck out swinging . Adams fouled out to catcher . Soto singled to deep center , Soto to second on error by center fielder Maybin . Murphy intentionally walked . Mark Reynolds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Bour flied out to right . Castro safe at first on error by third baseman Mark Reynolds , Castro to second on throwing error by third baseman Mark Reynolds . Prado doubled to left , Castro scored . Riddle grounded out to first , Prado to third . Rojas hit for Hernandez . Rojas flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Guerra pitching for Marlins . Wieters walked . Scherzer sacrificed to pitcher , Wieters to second . Eaton flied out to center . Turner reached on infield single to second , Wieters to third . Harper singled to left , Wieters scored , Turner to second . Adams singled to center , Turner scored , Harper to third . Soto tripled to right center , Harper and Adams scored . Murphy singled to right , Soto scored . Mark Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Taylor in center field . Difo at second base . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Maybin walked . Dietrich struck out swinging . Anderson lined out to shortstop . Realmuto singled to center , Maybin to second . Bour struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Kieboom hit for Wieters . Kieboom struck out looking . Matt Reynolds hit for Scherzer . Matt Reynolds singled to center . Eaton lined out to center . Turner grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matt Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Kieboom catching . Matt Reynolds at third base . Solís pitching for Nationals . Castro flied out to right . Prado grounded out to second . Riddle lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 9 - Marlins 1 .	Birthday boy Scherzer strikes out 11 , Nats pound Marlins