Nationals - Top 1st . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Eaton flied out to left . Turner lined out to left . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Milone pitching for Nationals . Carpenter reached on bunt single to third . Molina reached on infield single to third , Carpenter to second . Martínez struck out swinging . Ozuna singled to left , Carpenter scored , Molina to second . DeJong flied out to left . Gyorko hit by pitch , Molina to third , Ozuna to second . Bader flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Rendon singled to right center . Soto sacrificed to catcher , Rendon to second . Zimmerman doubled to deep left , Rendon scored . Murphy grounded out to shortstop , Zimmerman to third . Wieters flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Milone pitching for Nationals . Wong flied out to center . Mikolas doubled to left . Carpenter walked . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , Carpenter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Milone flied out to center . Eaton lined out to center . Turner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Milone pitching for Nationals . Martínez reached on infield single to second . Ozuna flied out to right , Martínez to second . DeJong flied out to right , Martínez to third . Gyorko grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Harper homered to right center ( 403 feet ) . Rendon lined out to right . Soto grounded out to second . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Milone pitching for Nationals . Bader doubled to center . Wong singled to center , Bader to third , Wong to second advancing on throw . Mikolas hit sacrifice fly to center , Bader scored . Carpenter grounded out to second , Wong to third . Molina flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Murphy flied out to left . Wieters grounded out to first . Milone struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Milone pitching for Nationals . Martínez singled to right center . Ozuna singled to right , Martínez to second . DeJong flied out to left . Gyorko singled to right , Martínez to third , Ozuna to second . Suero pitching for Nationals . Bader grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Martínez out at home . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Eaton lined out to shortstop . Turner grounded out to pitcher . Harper flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Suero pitching for Nationals . Wong walked . Mikolas bunt popped out to first . Carpenter lined into double play , third to first , Wong doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Rendon walked . Soto homered to left ( 372 feet ) , Rendon scored . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Murphy popped out to shortstop . Wieters lined out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Suero pitching for Nationals . Molina struck out swinging . Martínez singled to left . Murphy at first base . Difo at second base . Miller pitching for Nationals . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Martínez out at second . DeJong flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Difo walked . Eaton sacrificed to catcher , Difo to second . Turner singled to deep center , Difo to third . Harper grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Turner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Nationals . Gyorko homered to left center ( 425 feet ) . Bader struck out swinging . Wong singled to center . Garcia hit for Webb . Solís pitching for Nationals . Wisdom hit for Garcia . Wisdom singled to right , Wong to second . Wong to third , Wisdom to second on wild pitch by Solís . Carpenter homered to center ( 406 feet ) , Wong and Wisdom scored . Holland pitching for Nationals . Molina lined out to second . Martínez singled to right center . Ozuna grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . García in right field . Norris pitching for Cardinals . Rendon singled to right . Rendon to second on wild pitch by Norris . Soto walked . Adams hit for Holland . Adams popped out to second . Murphy singled to center , Rendon scored , Soto to third . Taylor ran for Murphy . Wieters singled to right , Soto scored , Taylor to third , Wieters to second on throwing error by right fielder García . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Difo grounded out to shortstop . Eaton struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Harper in right field . Adams at first base . Taylor in center field . Glover pitching for Nationals . DeJong homered to left ( 380 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 6 - Cardinals 7 .	Nats walked off again , this time by Cards ' DeJong