White Sox - Top 1st . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Uribe singled to left . Dransfeldt flied out to left . Ordonez homered to left , Uribe scored . Thomas hit by pitch . Lee grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Thomas out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Roberts singled to center . Mora struck out looking , Roberts stole second , Roberts to third on throwing error by catcher Olivo . Tejada hit sacrifice fly to left , Roberts scored . Palmeiro singled to right . Lopez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 2nd . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Konerko walked . Crede grounded into double play , third to second to first , Konerko out at second . Rowand walked . Rowand to second on passed ball by Lopez . Rowand to third on wild pitch by Dubose . Olivo walked . Uribe walked , Olivo to second . Dransfeldt popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Gibbons popped out to second . Surhoff popped out to shortstop . Matos grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Ordonez grounded out to first . Thomas popped out to first . Lee walked . Lee to second on wild pitch by Dubose . Konerko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Bigbie reached on infield single to second . Roberts doubled to deep right , Bigbie to third . Mora grounded out to shortstop , Bigbie scored . Tejada grounded out to second , Roberts to third . Palmeiro singled to right , Roberts scored . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Palmeiro out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Crede homered to left . Rowand walked . Olivo singled to left , Rowand to second . Uribe struck out swinging . Dransfeldt struck out swinging . Ordonez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Gibbons reached on infield single to third . Surhoff walked , Gibbons to second . Matos sacrificed to third , Gibbons to third , Surhoff to second . Bigbie struck out swinging . Roberts safe at first on error by shortstop Dransfeldt , Gibbons and Surhoff scored . Roberts stole second . Mora walked . Roberts stole third , Mora stole second . Tejada singled to right , Roberts and Mora scored . Palmeiro flied out to center . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Thomas walked . Lee struck out swinging . Konerko grounded out to second , Thomas to second . Crede popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Lopez singled to center . Gibbons flied out to center . Surhoff flied out to left . Matos flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Rowand flied out to right . Olivo flied out to right . Uribe popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Bigbie grounded out to pitcher . Roberts singled to right center . Mora flied out to center . Roberts stole second . Tejada walked . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Palmeiro singled to right , Roberts scored , Tejada to third . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Palmeiro out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Dransfeldt singled to center . Ordonez flied out to right . Thomas grounded out to third , Dransfeldt to second . Lee walked . Konerko struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Gibbons singled to left . Surhoff singled to right , Gibbons to third . Matos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gibbons scored , Surhoff out at second . Bigbie flied out to center . Roberts walked , Matos to second . Mora struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Crede struck out swinging . Rowand fouled out to catcher . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Tejada singled to left . Palmeiro safe at first on error by first baseman Konerko , Tejada to third . Lopez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tejada scored , Palmeiro out at second . Julio pitching for Orioles . Gibbons struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 9th . Julio pitching for Orioles . Uribe struck out swinging . Burke hit for Ordonez . Dransfeldt flied out to right . Burke grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 3 - Orioles 10 .	Roberts steals a win over Loiaza , ChiSox for O 's