Braves - Top 1st . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Furcal grounded out to second . Green struck out swinging . Drew walked . Drew caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Jones batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Thomson pitching for Braves . Harris flied out to left . Uribe struck out swinging . Thomas singled to left . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Thomas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Jones grounded out to first . Estrada struck out looking . Franco grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Thomson pitching for Braves . Valentin singled to center . Konerko singled to right , Valentin to third . Perez singled to left , Valentin scored , Konerko to second . Crede bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Konerko out at third , Perez to second . Olivo flied out to right . Harris walked , Perez to third , Crede to second . Uribe doubled to deep center , Perez , Crede and Harris scored . Thomas struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Jones walked . Marrero fouled out to right . Derosa struck out looking . Jones caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Thomson pitching for Braves . Lee singled to right center . Valentin flied out to center . Lee stole second . Konerko walked . Perez struck out swinging . Crede singled to center , Lee scored , Konerko to second . Olivo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Furcal struck out looking . Green singled to center . Drew homered to left center , Green scored . Jones grounded out to second . Estrada singled to right . Franco walked , Estrada to second . Jones struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Thomson pitching for Braves . Harris struck out swinging . Uribe grounded out to pitcher . Thomas homered to right center . Lee reached on infield single to shortstop , Lee to second on throwing error by shortstop Furcal . Valentin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 5th . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Marrero doubled to deep left . Derosa popped out to second . Furcal doubled to deep right , Marrero scored . Green singled to right , Furcal scored . Drew flied out to right . Jones homered to right , Green scored . Estrada flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Thomson pitching for Braves . Konerko walked . Perez reached on bunt single to second , Konerko to second , Konerko to third , Perez to second on throwing error by second baseman Green . Crede struck out swinging . Olivo grounded out to second , Konerko scored , Perez to third . Harris popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 6th . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Franco doubled to deep right . Jones grounded out to second , Franco to third . Marrero struck out looking . Alfonseca pitching for Braves . Derosa flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Alfonseca pitching for Braves . Uribe singled to center . Thomas walked , Uribe to second . Lee singled to right , Uribe scored , Thomas to second . Valentin grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lee out at second , Thomas to third . Marte pitching for White Sox . Konerko popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Marte pitching for White Sox . Furcal walked . Green singled to left center , Furcal to second . Drew grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Green out at second , Furcal to third . Almanza pitching for Braves . Jones struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Almanza pitching for Braves . Perez flied out to right . Crede doubled to deep left . Crede to third on balk by Almanza . Olivo hit sacrifice fly to center , Crede scored . Harris struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Marte pitching for White Sox . Estrada grounded out to shortstop . Franco singled to right . Jones reached on infield single to pitcher , Franco to second . Politte pitching for White Sox . Franco to third , Jones to second on wild pitch by Politte . Marrero singled to left center , Franco scored , Jones to third . Derosa grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jones scored , Marrero out at second . Furcal walked , Derosa to second . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Green lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Uribe grounded out to third . Thomas homered to left . Lee struck out looking . Takatsu pitching for White Sox . Gload at first base . Valentin grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Takatsu pitching for White Sox . Drew grounded out to second . Jones grounded out to second . Estrada grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 8 - White Sox 10 .	Lee hits in 26th straight as ChiSox beat Braves