Red Sox - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Damon reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera walked , Damon to second . Ramirez singled to left , Damon to third , Cabrera to second . Ortiz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Damon scored , Ramirez out at second , Cabrera to third . Varitek singled to left center , Cabrera scored . Millar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Perez hit by pitch . Alomar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Perez out at second . Lee singled to deep right , Lee thrown out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Mueller reached on infield single to shortstop . Kapler struck out swinging . Gutierrez singled to right center , Mueller to second . Damon singled to right , Mueller to third , Gutierrez to second . Cabrera fouled out to first . Ramirez homered to left , Mueller , Gutierrez and Damon scored . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Konerko singled to center . Everett struck out swinging . Valentin grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Konerko out at second . Rowand lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Varitek reached on infield single to second . Millar flied out to left . Mueller struck out swinging . Kapler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Varitek out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Davis grounded out to pitcher . Crede struck out swinging . Perez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Gutierrez grounded out to pitcher . Damon struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Alomar bunt grounded out to first . Lee grounded out to third . Konerko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Ramirez batting . Borchard batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 10 - White Sox 1 .	Schilling , Red -- as in hot -- Sox bury White Sox