White Sox - Top 1st . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Harris grounded out to first . Rowand struck out swinging . Lee grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Grilli pitching for White Sox . Dellucci grounded out to second . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Young to second on wild pitch by Grilli . Blalock safe at first on error by pitcher Grilli , Young to third . Blalock to second on wild pitch by Grilli . Teixeira walked . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Young out at home , Blalock to third , Teixeira to second . Mench fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Konerko grounded out to second . Everett popped out to second . Valentin walked . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Grilli pitching for White Sox . Jordan struck out swinging . Nix singled to center . Barajas singled to center , Nix to second . Dellucci grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barajas out at second , Nix to third . Young walked , Dellucci to second . Blalock walked , Nix scored , Dellucci to third , Young to second . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blalock out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Borchard grounded out to second . Crede flied out to right . Harris flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Grilli pitching for White Sox . Soriano struck out swinging . Mench struck out looking . Jordan singled to center . Jordan stole second . Nix flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Rowand singled to right . Lee singled to center , Rowand to third . Konerko grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rowand scored , Lee out at second . Everett homered to right . Valentin walked . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Grilli pitching for White Sox . Barajas flied out to center . Dellucci flied out to left . Young homered to left center . Blalock fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Borchard safe at first on error by second baseman Soriano . Crede singled to right , Borchard to second . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Borchard scored , Crede safe at third on error by pitcher Park , Harris safe at second on error by pitcher Park . Rowand grounded out to shortstop , Crede scored . Harris stole third . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Grilli pitching for White Sox . Teixeira flied out to center . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . Mench singled to center . Jordan reached on infield single to third , Mench to second . Nix flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Everett safe at first on error by second baseman Soriano . Valentin sacrificed to pitcher , Everett to second . Davis grounded out to second , Everett to third . Borchard walked . Crede struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Grilli pitching for White Sox . Barajas flied out to center . Dellucci homered to right center . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Young grounded out to shortstop . Blalock popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Harris singled to left center . Rowand flied out to left . Lee singled to center , Harris to third . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Konerko singled to center , Lee scored . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Konerko out at second . Valentin doubled to deep right , Everett scored , Valentin out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Teixeira flied out to center . Soriano struck out looking . Mench homered to center . Jordan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Davis flied out to right . Borchard singled to center . Crede grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Borchard out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Adkins pitching for White Sox . Nix singled to center . Barajas flied out to right . Dellucci struck out swinging . Young struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Harris struck out looking . Rowand grounded out to third . Lee hit by pitch . Marte pitching for White Sox . Gload at first base . Konerko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Takatsu pitching for White Sox . Blalock struck out swinging . Teixeira struck out swinging . Soriano singled to left . Mench grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 7 - Rangers 4 .	To err is Texan : ChiSox build on Rangers errors