White Sox - Top 1st . Sele pitching for Angels . Harris batting . Harris caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Rowand flied out to left . Lee fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Grilli pitching for White Sox . Eckstein singled to right . Erstad singled to right , Eckstein to third . Guerrero singled to left , Eckstein scored , Erstad thrown out at third , Guerrero to second advancing on throw . Anderson flied out to left . Glaus struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Sele pitching for Angels . Konerko singled to right . Gload flied out to center . Uribe singled to center , Konerko to third . Perez singled to center , Konerko scored , Uribe to second . Uribe to third , Perez to second on wild pitch by Sele . Valentin hit by pitch . Burke singled to right , Uribe and Perez scored , Valentin to third . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Valentin scored , Burke safe at second on error by second baseman Kennedy . Rowand popped out to second . Lee walked , Burke to third , Harris to second . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Konerko doubled to left , Burke , Harris and Lee scored . Gload singled to center , Konerko scored . Uribe singled to center , Gload to second . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gload out at third . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 2 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Grilli pitching for White Sox . Guillen grounded out to third . Kennedy flied out to left . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Valentin singled to center . Burke walked , Valentin to second . Harris singled to right , Valentin scored , Burke to second . Rowand singled to left , Burke scored , Harris to second . Lee grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rowand out at second , Harris to third . Konerko flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Grilli pitching for White Sox . Figgins singled to left . Figgins stole second . Eckstein grounded out to second , Figgins to third . Erstad grounded out to second , Figgins scored . Guerrero lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Gload grounded out to third . Uribe grounded out to third . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Grilli pitching for White Sox . Anderson grounded out to first . Glaus walked . Guillen singled to center , Glaus to second . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop , Glaus to third , Guillen to second . Molina singled to center , Glaus and Guillen scored . Figgins singled to right center , Molina to second . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Valentin grounded out to first . Burke flied out to right . Harris reached on infield single to shortstop . Rowand grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Grilli pitching for White Sox . Erstad grounded out to first . Guerrero flied out to left . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Lee grounded out to third . Konerko grounded out to third . Gload homered to right . Uribe fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Grilli pitching for White Sox . Glaus homered to center . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Guillen singled to center . Kennedy flied out to center . Gregg pitching for Angels . Molina flied into double play , right to first , Guillen doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Perez lined out to center . Valentin struck out swinging . Burke grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Figgins singled to left . Eckstein walked , Figgins to second . Erstad flied out to left , Figgins to third . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Figgins scored , Eckstein out at second . Anderson flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 8th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Harris singled to center . Rowand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Harris out at second . Lee singled to left , Rowand to second . Konerko walked , Rowand to third , Lee to second . Dunn pitching for Angels . Gload singled to center , Rowand and Lee scored , Konerko to second . Uribe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gload out at second , Konerko to third . Adkins pitching for White Sox . Galarraga hit for Glaus . Perez grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . DaVanon hit for Guillen . Adkins pitching for White Sox . Galarraga grounded out to shortstop . McPherson hit for Kennedy . DaVanon grounded out to second . Riggs in left field . Halter at second base . Paul catching . Amezaga at shortstop . DaVanon in center field . McPherson at third base . Pride in right field . Kotchman at first base . Hensley pitching for Angels . Valdez hit for Valentin . McPherson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Alomar Jr hit for Burke . Hensley pitching for Angels . Valdez popped out to shortstop . Alomar Jr popped out to shortstop . Valdez at shortstop . Alomar Jr catching . Diaz pitching for White Sox . Harris fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Diaz pitching for White Sox . Pride grounded out to second . Kotchman fouled out to catcher . Riggs popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 13 - Angels 6 .	Second city on tour : ChiSox beat Angels