Twins - Top 1st . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Span struck out looking . Carroll popped out to second . Mauer reached on infield single to second . Morneau struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Liriano pitching for Twins . Reimold struck out swinging . Hardy struck out swinging . Markakis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Willingham reached on infield single to third . Parmelee grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Willingham out at second . Valencia popped out to second . Revere singled to right center , Parmelee to third . Casilla grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Liriano pitching for Twins . Jones homered to right ( 367 feet ) . Wieters walked . Reynolds struck out swinging . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Wieters out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Span grounded out to second . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Mauer lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Liriano pitching for Twins . Paulino singled to right . Andino singled to left center , Paulino to second , Paulino scored , Andino to second on error by left fielder Willingham . Reimold reached on infield single to shortstop , Andino to third . Hardy grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Andino scored , Reimold out at second . Markakis singled to center . Jones fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 4th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Morneau doubled to deep right center . Willingham hit by pitch . Parmelee fouled out to third . Valencia grounded into double play , third to first , Morneau out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Wieters grounded out to third . Reynolds walked . Johnson flied out to right . Paulino doubled to shallow left , Reynolds to third . Andino singled to left , Reynolds and Paulino scored , Andino to second on error by left fielder Willingham . Reimold singled to center , Andino scored . Hardy popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 5th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Revere grounded out to first . Casilla grounded out to second . Span grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Markakis singled to center . Jones popped out to second . Wieters walked , Markakis to second . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wieters out at second , Markakis to third . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Carroll flied out to right . Mauer grounded out to second . Morneau flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Paulino singled to right center . Andino grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Paulino out at second . Reimold flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Willingham struck out looking . Parmelee walked . Valencia grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Parmelee out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Burton pitching for Twins . Hardy grounded out to third . Markakis homered to right center ( 403 feet ) . Jones flied out to center . Wieters homered to right center ( 387 feet ) . Reynolds struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Revere safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds . Casilla singled to right , Revere to second . Span singled to center , Revere to third , Casilla to second . Strop pitching for Orioles . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Revere scored , Span out at second , Casilla to third . Mauer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Casilla scored , Carroll out at second . Morneau singled to right , Mauer to second . Willingham struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Johnson flied out to center . Paulino singled to right . Andino struck out swinging . Reimold struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Ayala pitching for Orioles . Flaherty at third base . Parmelee lined out to shortstop . Valencia grounded out to third . Revere grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 2 - Orioles 8 .	Orioles 1 win away from season - opening sweep