Orioles - Top 1st . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . Johnson flied out to center . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Escobar singled to left . Johnson struck out looking . Bautista fouled out to first . Encarnacion safe at first on error by third baseman Betemit , Escobar to second . Lawrie flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 2nd . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Jones flied out to right . Betemit safe at first on error by pitcher Drabek . Davis doubled to left , Betemit to third . Paulino grounded out to shortstop , Betemit scored , Davis to third . Flaherty struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Francisco doubled to deep right center . Rasmus lined into double play , first to shortstop , Francisco doubled off second . Davis walked . Mathis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Andino struck out swinging . Chavez lined out to shortstop . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Escobar singled to center . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Escobar out at second . Bautista flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Markakis flied out to right . Jones lined out to right . Betemit hit ground rule double to deep center . Davis fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Encarnacion flied out to right . Lawrie homered to left ( 381 feet ) . Francisco walked . Rasmus flied out to right . Davis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Paulino singled to center . Flaherty struck out swinging . Andino singled to center , Paulino to second . Chavez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Andino out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Mathis walked . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mathis out at second . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson struck out looking . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . Jones homered to left ( 452 feet ) . Betemit struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Bautista doubled to deep center . Encarnacion homered to left ( 426 feet ) , Bautista scored . Lawrie grounded out to second . Francisco singled to center . Rasmus struck out swinging . Davis walked , Francisco to second . Gregg pitching for Orioles . Mathis singled to left , Francisco scored , Davis to third , Mathis to second advancing on throw . Escobar doubled to right , Davis and Mathis scored . Johnson doubled to deep left center , Escobar scored . Bautista walked . Encarnacion walked , Johnson to third , Bautista to second . Lawrie hit by pitch , Johnson scored , Bautista to third , Encarnacion to second . Francisco flied out to right . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Davis walked . Paulino grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . Flaherty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Rasmus grounded out to second . Davis grounded out to second . Mathis doubled to right center . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Andino singled to center . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Andino out at second . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson hit by pitch , Chavez to second . Markakis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Johnson struck out swinging . Bautista lined out to third . Encarnacion doubled to deep left . Lawrie singled to center , Encarnacion scored . Vizquel hit for Francisco . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Crawford pitching for Blue Jays . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Betemit struck out looking . Davis doubled to deep center . Paulino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 2 - Blue Jays 9 .	Jays overwhelm Orioles with 7 runs in sixth