Rangers - Top 1st . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Kinsler singled to right . Andrus grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kinsler out at second . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Andino grounded out to shortstop . Hardy singled to right center . Markakis grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Hardy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Beltre walked . Young flied out to left . Cruz doubled to deep right , Beltre to third . Napoli flied out to right . Snyder singled to center , Beltre and Cruz scored . Gentry popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Jones struck out swinging . Wieters grounded out to pitcher . Reynolds walked . Betemit flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Kinsler singled to right . Andrus doubled to left , Kinsler to third . Hamilton walked . Beltre flied out to right . Young hit sacrifice fly to right , Kinsler scored , Andrus to third . Cruz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Davis struck out swinging . Exposito grounded out to second . Andino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Napoli struck out swinging . Snyder flied out to center . Gentry singled to center . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Hardy singled to left . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hardy out at second . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Andrus flied out to center . Hamilton struck out swinging . Beltre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Wieters flied out to right . Reynolds flied out to right . Betemit grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Young singled to deep right . Cruz reached on infield single to third , Young to second . Napoli singled to left , Young scored , Cruz to second . Snyder homered to center ( 403 feet ) , Cruz and Napoli scored . Pomeranz pitching for Orioles . Gentry flied out to right . Kinsler grounded out to third . Andrus singled to right . Hamilton walked , Andrus to second . Beltre flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Davis grounded out to second . Exposito flied out to center . Andino homered to left center ( 408 feet ) . Hardy doubled to right . Markakis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Pomeranz pitching for Orioles . Young grounded out to shortstop . Cruz reached on infield single to third . Napoli singled to left , Cruz to second . Snyder struck out swinging . Gentry grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Napoli out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Wieters singled to left . Reynolds lined out to left . Betemit homered to right center ( 382 feet ) , Wieters scored . Davis grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Pomeranz pitching for Orioles . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Andrus struck out swinging . Hamilton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Exposito grounded out to pitcher . Andino struck out looking . Hardy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Beltre doubled to deep left . Murphy ran for Beltre . Young homered to left ( 414 feet ) , Murphy scored . Cruz walked . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cruz safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds . Snyder singled to left , Cruz scored , Napoli to second . Gentry singled to center , Napoli to third , Snyder to second . Kinsler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Napoli scored , Gentry out at second , Snyder to third . Andrus doubled to deep right , Snyder scored . Hamilton homered to center ( 430 feet ) , Andrus scored . Murphy flied out to left . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Lowe pitching for Rangers . Flaherty hit for Markakis . Flaherty batting . Johnson batting . Wieters struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 14 - Orioles 3 .	Snyder leads way as Rangers roll O 's