Rangers - Top 1st . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Kinsler lined out to shortstop . Andrus walked . Hamilton homered to right ( 419 feet ) , Andrus scored . Beltre singled to center . Young struck out swinging . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Holland pitching for Rangers . Andino fouled out to first . Hardy struck out swinging . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Cruz struck out swinging . Napoli struck out swinging . Moreland grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Jones singled to left . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Jones safe at third on error by second baseman Kinsler . Betemit hit sacrifice fly to center , Jones scored . Reynolds singled to left center , Wieters to second . Tolleson reached on infield single to shortstop , Wieters to third , Reynolds to second , Wieters scored , Reynolds to third on throwing error by shortstop Andrus . Exposito flied out to center , Reynolds scored , Tolleson to second on throwing error by center fielder Hamilton . Andino grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 3 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Kinsler flied out to center . Andrus grounded out to second . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . Markakis walked . Jones struck out looking . Wieters grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Young struck out swinging . Murphy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Betemit grounded out to shortstop . Reynolds struck out swinging . Tolleson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Cruz doubled to deep center . Napoli tripled to deep right , Cruz scored . Moreland popped out to shortstop . Kinsler grounded out to third . Andrus singled to center , Napoli scored . Hamilton flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Exposito singled to center . Andino flied out to right . Hardy walked , Exposito to second . Markakis flied out to right . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Beltre grounded out to third . Young flied out to right . Murphy safe at first on error by second baseman Andino . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Wieters fouled out to right . Betemit flied out to right . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Lindstrom pitching for Orioles . Napoli singled to right . Moreland grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Napoli out at second . Kinsler singled to center , Moreland to second . Andrus singled to center , Moreland scored , Andrus to second , Kinsler to second , Kinsler to third advancing on throw . Hamilton intentionally walked . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kinsler scored , Andrus safe at third on error by third baseman Tolleson , Hamilton to second . Young grounded out to third , Andrus scored , Hamilton to third , Beltre to second . Murphy flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Tolleson struck out swinging . Exposito grounded out to shortstop . Andino flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Pomeranz pitching for Orioles . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Napoli grounded out to third . Moreland singled to left . Kinsler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Adams pitching for Rangers . Hardy grounded out to pitcher . Markakis walked . Markakis stole second . Jones walked . Wieters popped out to shortstop . Betemit flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Strop pitching for Orioles . Andrus walked . Hamilton struck out swinging . Beltre flied out to center , Andrus to second . Young grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Hamilton in left field . Gentry in center field . Nathan pitching for Rangers . Reynolds walked . Flaherty hit for Tolleson . Flaherty singled to left , Reynolds to second . Johnson hit for Exposito . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Flaherty out at second , Reynolds to third . Andino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 7 - Orioles 3 .	Hamilton helps Rangers split twin bill