Angels - Top 1st . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Trout struck out looking . Hunter homered to left ( 376 feet ) . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Morales struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Angels . Roberts struck out swinging . Hardy flied out to center . Davis singled to deep right . Jones doubled to left , Davis scored . Wieters grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Trumbo flied out to center . Callaspo walked . Kendrick grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Callaspo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Betemit singled to right . Reynolds hit by pitch , Betemit to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Pearce flied out to left . Roberts popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Aybar grounded out to second . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Trout singled to right . Hunter walked , Trout to second . Pujols walked , Trout to third , Hunter to second . Morales singled to center , Trout and Hunter scored , Pujols to second . Trumbo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morales out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Hardy lined out to shortstop . Davis struck out looking . Jones flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Callaspo doubled to deep right . Kendrick singled to center , Callaspo scored . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendrick out at second . Wilson singled to left , Aybar to third . Trout reached on infield single to pitcher , Aybar scored , Wilson to second . Hunter singled to center , Wilson scored , Trout to second , Trout to third on error by center fielder Jones . Lindstrom pitching for Orioles . Hunter stole second . Trout scored , Hunter safe at third on error by third baseman Betemit . Pujols intentionally walked . Morales singled to right , Hunter scored , Pujols to third . Trumbo lined out to shortstop . Callaspo singled to right , Pujols scored , Morales to second . Kendrick grounded out to pitcher . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 2 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Wieters grounded out to second . Betemit struck out swinging . Reynolds walked . Flaherty hit for Johnson . Flaherty flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Gregg pitching for Orioles . Aybar lined out to second . Wilson flied out to right . Trout singled to right . Hunter singled to right , Trout to second . Pujols walked , Trout to third , Hunter to second . Morales safe at first on error by second baseman Roberts , Trout and Hunter scored , Pujols to third . Trumbo grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Pearce grounded out to shortstop . Roberts flied out to right . Hardy singled to right . Davis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Andino in center field . Callaspo struck out looking . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Aybar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Trout in left field . Bourjos in center field . Trumbo at first base . Romine at shortstop . Weaver pitching for Angels . Andino singled to center . Wieters grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Andino out at second . Betemit singled to right . Reynolds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Wilson doubled to deep left . Trout struck out swinging . Hunter struck out swinging . Bourjos doubled to right , Wilson scored . Morales singled to deep right , Bourjos scored . Trumbo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morales out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Flaherty struck out swinging . Pearce flied out to center . Hawkins pitching for Angels . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Paulino catching . Eveland pitching for Orioles . Callaspo grounded out to second . Kendrick grounded out to first . Romine grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Hawkins pitching for Angels . Hardy struck out looking . Carpenter pitching for Angels . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Andino flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Eveland pitching for Orioles . Wilson flied out to right . Trout singled to right . Hunter flied out to right . Bourjos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Trout out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Carpenter pitching for Angels . Paulino grounded out to shortstop . Betemit singled to right center . Betemit to second on fielder 's indifference . Reynolds grounded out to third , Betemit to third . Flaherty flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 13 - Orioles 1 .	Angels pound Orioles , cap two - game sweep