Indians - Top 1st . Eveland pitching for Orioles . Choo singled to right center . Cabrera singled to left , Choo to second . Kipnis flied out to left . Lopez singled to shallow left , Choo scored , Cabrera to second . Brantley walked , Cabrera to third , Lopez to second . Duncan struck out swinging . Kotchman flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Roberts walked . Avery grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Roberts out at second . Hardy popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Eveland pitching for Orioles . Marson struck out swinging . Cunningham grounded out to shortstop . Choo homered to left ( 355 feet ) . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Jones doubled to deep left . Betemit lined into double play , first to shortstop , Jones doubled off second . Davis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Eveland pitching for Orioles . Kipnis hit by pitch . Kipnis stole second . Lopez struck out swinging . Brantley flied out to center . Duncan safe at first on error by shortstop Hardy , Kipnis to third . Kotchman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Wieters flied out to right . Reynolds walked . Flaherty singled to right , Reynolds to third . Roberts hit sacrifice fly to right , Reynolds scored . Avery doubled to right , Flaherty to third . Hardy flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Eveland pitching for Orioles . Marson singled to center . Cunningham struck out looking . Choo walked , Marson to second . Cabrera singled to left , Marson scored , Choo to third . Kipnis grounded out to second , Choo scored , Cabrera to second . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop , Cabrera scored . Brantley reached on infield single to shortstop , Lopez to second . Duncan struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Jones doubled to deep right center . Betemit walked . Davis homered to right ( 437 feet ) , Jones and Betemit scored . Wieters grounded out to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . Flaherty grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Kotchman grounded out to first . Marson tripled to deep right . Cunningham struck out swinging . Choo singled to center , Marson scored . Cabrera doubled to right , Choo scored . Kipnis intentionally walked . Lopez singled to center , Cabrera scored , Kipnis to second , Kipnis to third on error by center fielder Jones . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lopez out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Roberts flied out to left . Avery struck out swinging . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Duncan homered to left ( 380 feet ) . Kotchman flied out to right . Marson hit ground rule double to deep left center . Ayala pitching for Orioles . Cunningham fouled out to first . Choo singled to right , Marson scored . Cabrera walked , Choo to second . Kipnis grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Jones struck out looking . Betemit doubled to deep left . Davis singled to left , Betemit to third . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Betemit scored , Davis out at second . Reynolds grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Ayala pitching for Orioles . Lopez singled to center . Brantley flied out to center . Duncan popped out to shortstop . Kotchman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Rogers pitching for Indians . Flaherty grounded out to first . Roberts walked . Roberts to second on wild pitch by Rogers . Avery struck out swinging . Hardy fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Gregg pitching for Orioles . Marson walked . Cunningham flied out to center . Choo struck out looking . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Pestano pitching for Indians . Jones flied out to right . Betemit grounded out to first . Davis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Lindstrom pitching for Orioles . Kipnis grounded out to shortstop . Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop . Brantley singled to right , Lopez to second . Duncan struck out looking . Kotchman hit by pitch , Lopez to third , Brantley to second . Marson singled to right , Lopez scored , Brantley to third , Kotchman to second . Cunningham flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Wieters flied out to left . Reynolds struck out swinging . Pearce hit for Flaherty . Pearce flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 11 - Orioles 5 .	Choo powers Indians in win against Orioles