Orioles - Top 1st . Deduno pitching for Twins . Markakis singled to center . Hardy fouled out to first . Markakis scored on Deduno 's wild pitch . Thome walked . Jones grounded out to third , Thome to second . Wieters walked . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wieters out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 1st . Britton pitching for Orioles . Span walked . Revere grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Span out at second . Mauer doubled to deep center . Willingham grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Deduno pitching for Twins . Davis walked . Betemit grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Davis out at second . Flaherty struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Britton pitching for Orioles . Morneau popped out to shortstop . Plouffe reached on infield single to pitcher . Doumit singled to left center , Plouffe to second . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Doumit out at second , Plouffe to third . Carroll grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Deduno pitching for Twins . Markakis singled to right . Hardy singled to left center , Markakis to second . Thome struck out swinging . Jones flied out to center . Wieters grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Britton pitching for Orioles . Span singled to center . Revere flied out to center . Mauer walked , Span to second . Willingham struck out swinging . Morneau grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Deduno pitching for Twins . Reynolds struck out looking . Davis struck out swinging . Betemit singled to center . Flaherty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Plouffe walked . Doumit grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Plouffe out at second . Dozier grounded out to shortstop , Doumit to second . Carroll doubled to left , Doumit scored . Span walked . Revere grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Deduno pitching for Twins . Markakis walked . Hardy grounded out to third , Markakis to second . Thome walked . Jones homered to right ( 370 feet ) , Markakis and Thome scored . Wieters singled to center . Gray pitching for Twins . Reynolds popped out to first . Davis struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Mauer singled to right . Willingham walked , Mauer to second . Morneau walked , Mauer to third , Willingham to second . Ayala pitching for Orioles . Plouffe grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Mauer out at home , Willingham to third , Morneau to second . Doumit singled to right , Willingham and Morneau scored , Plouffe to third . Dozier singled to left , Plouffe scored , Doumit to second . Carroll struck out looking . Span struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Gray pitching for Twins . Betemit singled to center . Flaherty bunt popped out foul to catcher . Robertson pitching for Twins . Markakis grounded out to second , Betemit to second . Hardy intentionally walked . Thome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Ayala pitching for Orioles . Revere grounded out to third . Mauer flied out to left . Willingham doubled to left . Morneau intentionally walked . Plouffe fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Jones flied out to center . Wieters singled to center . Reynolds grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wieters out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Ayala pitching for Orioles . Doumit grounded out to second . Dozier flied out to right . Carroll reached on infield single to third . Span safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Hardy , Carroll to third . Strop pitching for Orioles . Revere singled to right , Carroll scored , Span to second . Mauer singled to left center , Span scored , Revere to second . Willingham walked , Revere to third , Mauer to second . Morneau grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 8th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Davis struck out swinging . Betemit struck out swinging . Tolleson hit for Flaherty . Tolleson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Tolleson at second base . Strop pitching for Orioles . Plouffe grounded out to shortstop . Doumit flied out to left . Dozier fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Markakis singled to left . Burton pitching for Twins . Hardy grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Markakis out at second . Thome walked . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 4 - Twins 6 .	Mauer , bullpen lead Twins past slumping O 's