Orioles - Top 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Markakis lined out to left . Chavez struck out swinging . Thome struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Choo grounded out to third . Cabrera flied out to center . Kipnis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Jones doubled to left . Wieters struck out swinging . Betemit grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Jones out at third . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Brantley grounded out to first . Santana struck out swinging . Hafner grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Flaherty singled to center . Quintanilla flied out to right . Markakis flied out to left . Chavez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Damon grounded out to shortstop . Kotchman reached on infield single to first . Hannahan flied out to left . Kotchman to second on passed ball by Wieters . Choo homered to right ( 399 feet ) , Kotchman scored . Cabrera reached on infield single to second . Kipnis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Thome singled to left . Jones flied out to right . Wieters grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Thome out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Brantley lined out to center . Santana doubled to deep left . Hafner flied out to left , Santana to third . Damon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Betemit lined out to left . Davis struck out swinging . Flaherty hit by pitch . Quintanilla doubled to deep center , Flaherty scored . Markakis walked . Chavez lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Kotchman popped out to third . Hannahan struck out swinging . Choo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Thome grounded out to shortstop . Jones singled to center . Wieters grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Cabrera struck out swinging . Kipnis doubled to deep left . Brantley struck out swinging . Santana grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Betemit singled to right . Davis struck out swinging . Flaherty grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Betemit out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Hafner lined out to shortstop . Damon reached on infield single to third . Kotchman grounded out to third , Damon to second . Hannahan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Cunningham in left field . Masterson pitching for Indians . Quintanilla flied out to center . Markakis singled to center . Pestano pitching for Indians . Chavez doubled to left , Markakis out at home , Chavez to third advancing on throw . Thome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Choo singled to right center . Cabrera reached on infield single to pitcher , Choo to second . Patton pitching for Orioles . Kipnis reached on bunt single to pitcher , Choo to third , Cabrera to second . Brantley singled to left , Choo scored , Cabrera to third , Kipnis to second . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at home , Kipnis to third , Brantley to second . Hafner struck out swinging . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Cunningham popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Jones popped out to pitcher . Wieters struck out swinging . Betemit grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 1 - Indians 3 .	Masterson stymies O 's as Indians avoid sweep