Blue Jays - Top 1st . Chen pitching for Orioles . Lawrie walked . Davis struck out looking . Encarnacion homered to right ( 402 feet ) , Lawrie scored . Escobar flied out to right . Gomes flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . McLouth walked . Hardy grounded into double play , second to first , McLouth out at second . Jones popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Sierra singled to left . Vizquel doubled to deep left , Sierra to third . Arencibia hit sacrifice fly to right , Sierra scored , Vizquel to third . Gose singled to left , Vizquel scored . Lawrie struck out swinging . Davis reached on bunt single to third , Gose to second . Encarnacion flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Davis grounded out to first . Reynolds singled to center . Machado singled to center , Reynolds to second . Chavez sacrificed to third , Reynolds to third , Machado to second . Andino singled to left , Reynolds and Machado scored . Andino stole second . Teagarden safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Romero , Andino to third . McLouth hit by pitch , Teagarden to second . Hardy flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Escobar flied out to right . Gomes hit by pitch . Sierra struck out swinging . Vizquel grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gomes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Jones grounded out to second . Davis singled to shallow right . Reynolds grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Arencibia singled to right . Gose sacrificed to third , Arencibia to second . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop , Arencibia to third . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Machado grounded out to third . Chavez flied out to left . Andino safe at first on error by third baseman Lawrie . Teagarden struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Escobar flied out to center . Gomes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . McLouth homered to left ( 372 feet ) . Hardy struck out swinging . Jones doubled to deep right . Davis struck out swinging . Reynolds walked . Machado walked , Reynolds to second . Chavez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Sierra homered to left center ( 398 feet ) . Vizquel singled to right . Arencibia singled to right , Vizquel to third . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Gose struck out looking . Lawrie struck out swinging . Rasmus hit for Davis . Rasmus struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Rasmus in center field . Gose in left field . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Andino doubled to left . Teagarden singled to right center , Andino to third . McLouth walked , Teagarden to second . Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays . Hardy singled to left , Andino scored , Teagarden to third , McLouth to second . Jones struck out swinging . Davis flied out to left , Teagarden thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Encarnacion walked . Escobar singled to left center , Encarnacion to second . Lind hit for Gomes . Lind singled to left , Encarnacion to third , Escobar to second . Sierra grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Encarnacion out at home , Escobar to third , Lind to second . Vizquel popped out to shortstop . Arencibia homered to left ( 366 feet ) , Escobar , Lind and Sierra scored . Gose struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Lind at first base . Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays . Reynolds struck out swinging . Machado fouled out to first . Chavez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Strop pitching for Orioles . Lawrie struck out swinging . Rasmus flied out to right . Encarnacion singled to center . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Andino grounded out to third . Teagarden popped out to first . McLouth lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Phillips pitching for Orioles . Lind struck out looking . Sierra struck out swinging . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Hardy singled to right . Jones singled to center , Hardy to second . Davis singled to center , Hardy to third , Jones to second . Reynolds grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hardy scored , Davis out at second , Jones to third . Machado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 9 - Orioles 5 .	O 's split doubleheader , lose ½ game in East