Blue Jays - Top 1st . Saunders pitching for Orioles . Lawrie singled to right . Rasmus popped out to shortstop . Encarnacion lined out to shortstop . Escobar singled to center , Lawrie to second . Gomes singled to left , Lawrie scored , Escobar to second . Davis reached on infield single to second , Gomes hit by batted ball out at second , Escobar to third . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . McLouth grounded out to catcher . Hardy singled to center . Jones popped out to second . Wieters singled to left , Hardy to second . Reynolds grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Saunders pitching for Orioles . Hechavarria grounded out to pitcher . Arencibia singled to right . Gose grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Arencibia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Machado grounded out to shortstop . Tolleson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Saunders pitching for Orioles . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus grounded out to second . Encarnacion flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Andino grounded out to shortstop . McLouth bunt grounded out to pitcher . Hardy singled to right . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hardy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Saunders pitching for Orioles . Escobar lined out to right . Gomes grounded out to third . Davis reached on infield single to third . Hechavarria doubled to deep left , Davis scored . Arencibia struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Wieters singled to center . Reynolds grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wieters out at second . Davis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Saunders pitching for Orioles . Gose struck out looking . Lawrie flied out to center . Rasmus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Machado grounded out to third . Tolleson flied out to center . Andino popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Saunders pitching for Orioles . Encarnacion lined out to second . Escobar reached on infield single to third . Gomes singled to left , Escobar to second . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gomes out at second , Escobar to third . Hechavarria flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . McLouth flied out to center . Hardy flied out to left . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Wieters grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Saunders pitching for Orioles . Arencibia singled to right . Gose sacrificed to third , Arencibia to second , Gose safe at first on error by third baseman Machado . Lawrie flied out to right . Rasmus singled to right center , Arencibia scored , Gose to third . Ayala pitching for Orioles . Encarnacion singled to right , Gose scored , Rasmus thrown out at third . Escobar lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Reynolds popped out to shortstop . Davis doubled to deep right . Machado walked . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Thome hit for Tolleson . Thome struck out swinging . Lyon pitching for Blue Jays . Flaherty hit for Andino . Flaherty grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Flaherty at second base . Ayala pitching for Orioles . Gomes struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . Hechavarria flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . McLouth flied out to left . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Arencibia walked . Gose singled to center , Arencibia to second . Lawrie flied out to right . Rasmus grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gose out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Wieters grounded out to catcher . Reynolds safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar . Davis popped out to shortstop . Machado walked , Reynolds to second . Reynolds to third on fielder 's indifference . Thome walked , Machado to second . Hoes ran for Thome . Flaherty flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Blue Jays 4 - Orioles 0 .	Laffey leads way as Blue Jays blank Orioles \n\n