Rangers - Top 1st . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Martín grounded out to shortstop . Andrus flied out to center . Fielder walked . Beltré walked , Fielder to second . Choo hit by pitch , Fielder to third , Beltré to second . Chirinos walked , Fielder scored , Beltré to third , Choo to second . Smolinski grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Choo out at third , Chirinos to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Inciarte singled to right . Pollock reached on infield single to third , Inciarte to third , Inciarte scored , Pollock to third on throwing error by third baseman Beltré . Goldschmidt grounded out to third , Pollock scored . Trumbo singled to right . Hill struck out looking . Owings lined out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Odor walked . Gallardo bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Odor out at second . Martín grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gallardo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Gosewisch grounded out to first . Bradley struck out looking . Ahmed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Andrus walked . Fielder struck out swinging . Beltré lined out to right . Choo popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Inciarte safe at first on error by first baseman Fielder . Pollock singled to center , Inciarte to third . Goldschmidt struck out swinging , Pollock stole second . Trumbo grounded out to third , Inciarte scored . Hill lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Chirinos grounded out to shortstop . Smolinski grounded out to second . Odor fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Owings homered to left center ( 406 feet ) . Gosewisch grounded out to shortstop . Bradley grounded out to third . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Gallardo singled to shallow center . Martín lined out to center . Andrus flied out to right . Fielder flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Inciarte flied out to center . Pollock struck out looking . Goldschmidt walked . Trumbo singled to center , Goldschmidt scored . Hill struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Beltré singled to left . Choo grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Beltré out at second . Chirinos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Méndez pitching for Rangers . Owings struck out looking . Gosewisch flied out to right . Dorn hit for Bradley . Dorn popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Smolinski struck out swinging . Odor reached on infield single to third . Moreland hit for Méndez . Moreland grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Odor out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Verrett pitching for Rangers . Ahmed doubled to left . Inciarte grounded out to first , Ahmed to third . Pollock hit sacrifice fly to right , Ahmed scored . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Martín walked . Andrus grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Martín out at second . Fielder popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Verrett pitching for Rangers . Trumbo flied out to right . Hill walked . Owings tripled to deep center , Hill scored . Gosewisch safe at first on error by first baseman Fielder . Peralta hit for Delgado . Peralta hit sacrifice fly to right , Owings scored . Pimentel pitching for Rangers . Ahmed walked , Gosewisch to second . Inciarte lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 9th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Beltré homered to left ( 380 feet ) . Choo walked . Chirinos doubled to left , Choo to third . Smolinski grounded out to pitcher , Choo scored , Chirinos to third . Odor grounded out to shortstop , Chirinos scored . Rosales hit for Pimentel . Rosales singled to shallow left . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Rosales to second on fielder 's indifference . Martín singled to right , Rosales scored . Martín to second on fielder 's indifference . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 5 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Effectively - wild Bradley leads Arizona to 8 - 5 win over Texas