Diamondbacks - Top 1st . O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies . Inciarte flied out to left . Trumbo walked . Goldschmidt flied out to right . Pollock flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Revere singled to right . Blanco flied out to center . Revere stole second . Sizemore grounded out to first , Revere to third . Ruf walked . Franco flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies . Tomás singled to left . Hill singled to shallow right , Tomás to second . Owings flied out to center . Pacheco grounded into double play , third to first , Tomás out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández doubled to right . Herrera sacrificed to third , Hernández to third . Rupp hit sacrifice fly to center , Hernández scored . O'Sullivan grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies . Collmenter singled to right . Inciarte grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Collmenter out at second . Inciarte stole second . Trumbo struck out swinging . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Inciarte to third , Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by O'Sullivan . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Revere walked . Blanco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Revere out at second . Sizemore lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies . Tomás flied out to center . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Owings popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Ruf homered to left center ( 383 feet ) . Franco flied out to center . Hernández struck out looking . Herrera popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies . Pacheco struck out swinging . Collmenter grounded out to first . Inciarte struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Rupp fouled out to first . O'Sullivan flied out to center . Revere grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies . Trumbo flied out to center . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Pollock reached on bunt single to third . Tomás singled to right , Pollock to third . Hill flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Blanco popped out to third . Sizemore grounded out to third . Ruf singled to shallow left . Franco tripled to deep center , Ruf scored . Hernández doubled to right , Franco scored . Herrera popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . García pitching for Phillies . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Pacheco grounded out to shortstop . Peralta hit for Collmenter . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Rupp struck out swinging . Howard hit for García . Howard singled to center . Revere singled to shallow center , Howard to second . Blanco grounded out to first , Howard to third , Revere to second . Sizemore walked . Ruf flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Giles pitching for Phillies . Francoeur in right field . Inciarte struck out swinging . Trumbo singled to center . Goldschmidt flied out to right . Pollock flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Franco homered to left center ( 367 feet ) . Hernández struck out looking . Herrera reached on infield single to shortstop . Rupp struck out swinging , Herrera stole second . Francoeur walked . Ramírez pitching for Diamondbacks . Revere singled to left center , Herrera scored , Francoeur to second , Francoeur to third , Revere to second on throwing error by left fielder Inciarte . Blanco grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Gómez pitching for Phillies . Tomás grounded out to shortstop . Hill doubled to deep right . Owings singled to shallow left . Pacheco lined out to third . Pennington hit for Ramírez . Pennington walked , Hill to third , Owings to second . Inciarte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pennington out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 0 - Phillies 6 .	Phillies beat D - backs 6 - 0 for 5 - game winning streak