Braves - Top 1st . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Peterson bunt grounded out to shortstop . Simmons grounded out to first . Freeman singled to center . Freeman stole second . Markakis doubled to right , Freeman scored . Uribe struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Miller pitching for Braves . Inciarte grounded out to third . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt walked . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierzynski flied out to center . Gomes struck out looking . Cunningham singled to center . Miller grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Miller pitching for Braves . Tomás flied out to center . Pacheco reached on infield single to third . Owings walked , Pacheco to second . Ahmed grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Owings out at second , Pacheco to third . Collmenter walked , Ahmed to second . Inciarte singled to right , Pacheco and Ahmed scored , Collmenter to second . Pollock reached on infield single to shortstop , Collmenter to third , Inciarte to second . Goldschmidt walked , Collmenter scored , Inciarte to third , Pollock to second . Trumbo flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Peterson fouled out to left . Simmons flied out to right . Freeman lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Miller pitching for Braves . Tomás singled to center . Pacheco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tomás out at second . Owings grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . Uribe singled to center . Pierzynski grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Uribe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Miller pitching for Braves . Ahmed walked . Collmenter sacrificed to first , Ahmed to second . Inciarte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ahmed to third . Inciarte stole second . Pollock grounded out to shortstop , Ahmed scored . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Trumbo fouled out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Gomes struck out swinging . Cunningham grounded out to shortstop . Miller popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Miller pitching for Braves . Tomás struck out swinging . Pacheco singled to right . Owings singled to center , Pacheco to second . Martin pitching for Braves . Pacheco to third , Owings to second on wild pitch by Martin . Ahmed grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pacheco out at home . Collmenter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Peterson reached on bunt single to shortstop . Simmons lined out to center . Freeman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peterson out at second . Markakis doubled to right , Freeman to third . Ramírez pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe walked . Pierzynski singled to right , Freeman and Markakis scored , Uribe to second . Gomes doubled to deep left , Uribe scored , Pierzynski to third . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Cunningham doubled to left , Pierzynski and Gomes scored . Ciriaco hit for Martin . Ciriaco struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Masset pitching for Braves . Inciarte walked . Inciarte stole second . Pollock struck out swinging . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Trumbo flied out to center , Inciarte to third . Tomás singled to left , Inciarte scored , Goldschmidt to third . Cunniff pitching for Braves . Pacheco walked , Tomás to second . Owings flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Peterson walked . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Peterson out at second . Freeman lined out to left . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Cunniff pitching for Braves . Ahmed popped out to third . Hill hit for Chafin . Hill grounded out to third . Inciarte walked . Pollock homered to right ( 405 feet ) , Inciarte scored . Goldschmidt doubled to center . Trumbo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher . Gomes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Avilán pitching for Braves . Tomás grounded out to pitcher . Pacheco popped out to second . Owings lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Pennington at third base . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Cunningham singled to center . Young Jr. hit for Avilán . Young Jr. bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cunningham out at second . Peterson grounded out to first , Young Jr. to second . Simmons grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 6 - Diamondbacks 7 .	Pollock 's late HR gives Diamondbacks 7 - 6 win over Braves