Braves - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Peterson struck out swinging . Maybin reached on infield single to shortstop . Freeman struck out swinging . Markakis doubled to left , Maybin scored . Johnson struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Inciarte struck out looking . Pollock walked . Goldschmidt lined out to center . Tomás struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Simmons walked . Cunningham singled to right , Simmons to third . Bethancourt struck out swinging . Foltynewicz sacrificed to pitcher , Cunningham to second . Peterson walked . Maybin singled to right , Simmons and Cunningham scored , Peterson to third . Freeman homered to right ( 420 feet ) , Peterson and Maybin scored . Markakis struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Peralta lined out to left . Owings reached on infield single to third . Saltalamacchia singled to right , Owings to second . Owings to third , Saltalamacchia to second on passed ball by Bethancourt . Pennington grounded out to first , Owings scored , Saltalamacchia to third . De La Rosa grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson struck out looking . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . Cunningham singled to center . Bethancourt singled to left center , Cunningham to second . Foltynewicz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Inciarte struck out swinging . Pollock struck out looking . Goldschmidt walked . Tomás doubled to deep left , Goldschmidt to third . Peralta doubled to deep left center , Goldschmidt and Tomás scored . Peralta to third on balk by Foltynewicz . Owings struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Peterson flied out to right . Maybin grounded out to second . Freeman homered to left ( 373 feet ) . Markakis doubled to deep left center . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Saltalamacchia flied out to center . Pennington flied out to right . De La Rosa grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . Cunningham hit by pitch . Cunningham caught stealing second , catcher to second . Bethancourt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Inciarte lined out to right . Pollock homered to left center ( 402 feet ) . Goldschmidt lined out to right . Tomás reached on infield single to third . Peralta flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Ramírez pitching for Diamondbacks . Foltynewicz struck out looking . Peterson grounded out to first . Maybin reached on infield single to shortstop . Freeman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Owings lined out to third . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep right . Pennington grounded out to second , Saltalamacchia to third . Hill hit for Ramírez . Hill singled to left center , Saltalamacchia scored . Avilán pitching for Braves . Inciarte grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Markakis singled to left center . Johnson singled to right , Markakis to second . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson out at second , Markakis to third . Gomes hit for Cunningham . Gomes popped out to second . Bethancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Gomes in left field . Martin pitching for Braves . Pollock doubled to left center . Goldschmidt grounded out to second , Pollock to third . Tomás singled to deep right , Pollock scored . Johnson pitching for Braves . Young Jr. in left field . Peralta singled to center , Tomás to third . Owings singled to right , Tomás scored , Peralta to third . Saltalamacchia hit sacrifice fly to center , Peralta scored . Owings stole second . Pennington grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Young Jr. struck out swinging . Peterson grounded out to second . Maybin grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Ahmed hit for Reed . Johnson pitching for Braves . Ahmed walked . Inciarte grounded out to second , Ahmed to second . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ahmed scored , Pollock to second on throwing error by pitcher Johnson . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Cunniff pitching for Braves . Tomás struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Pennington at third base . Ahmed at shortstop . Freeman grounded out to first . Markakis grounded out to second . Pierzynski hit for Johnson . Pierzynski homered to right ( 401 feet ) . Simmons grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 8 - Diamondbacks 9 .	Diamondbacks rally for 9 - 8 win over Braves