Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Kendrick pitching for Rockies . Pollock lined out to left . Lamb struck out swinging . Goldschmidt lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon walked . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Arenado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Rockies . Peralta singled to right . Hill lined out to right . Peralta to second on wild pitch by Kendrick . Dorn flied out to left . Castillo homered to center ( 451 feet ) , Peralta scored . Ahmed homered to left ( 396 feet ) . Anderson grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Paulsen grounded out to first . Rosario doubled to deep right . Hundley singled to center , Rosario scored . Barnes grounded out to pitcher , Hundley to second . Kendrick struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Rockies . Pollock singled to center . Lamb lined into double play , to first , Pollock doubled off first . Goldschmidt singled to right center . Peralta singled to deep right , Goldschmidt to third . Hill popped out to third . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon walked . LeMahieu lined out to left . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blackmon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Kendrick pitching for Rockies . Dorn grounded out to pitcher . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado homered to left ( 412 feet ) . Paulsen grounded out to third . Rosario grounded out to catcher . Hundley fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Kendrick pitching for Rockies . Anderson struck out swinging . Pollock homered to right center ( 407 feet ) . Lamb singled to right . Goldschmidt lined out to right . Peralta grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes singled to center . Kendrick sacrificed to first , Barnes to second . Blackmon doubled to left , Barnes scored . LeMahieu walked . Tulowitzki singled to center , Blackmon scored , LeMahieu to second . Arenado homered to left center ( 416 feet ) , LeMahieu and Tulowitzki scored . Paulsen lined out to center . Rosario homered to left center ( 422 feet ) . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley flied out to left . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Kendrick pitching for Rockies . Hill struck out swinging . Dorn flied out to center . Castillo walked . Ahmed grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes struck out swinging . Kendrick struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Owings hit for Delgado . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Pollock fouled out to first . Lamb lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu homered to left center ( 425 feet ) . Tulowitzki singled to shallow left center . Arenado grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tulowitzki out at second . Paulsen grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Paulsen at first base . Ynoa in left field . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt walked . Peralta singled to right center , Goldschmidt to third . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goldschmidt scored , Peralta out at second . Dorn grounded out to second , Hill to second . Castillo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Ynoa flied out to left . Hundley lined out to center . Barnes homered to left center ( 403 feet ) . Descalso hit for Kahnle . Descalso popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Ahmed grounded out to second . Pennington hit for Collmenter . Pennington singled to center . Pollock singled to shallow center , Pennington to second . Lamb struck out swinging . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Rockies 10 .	Arenado hits 2 homers , Rockies beat D - backs 10 - 5