Rockies - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to center . LeMahieu grounded into double play , third to second to first , Blackmon out at second . Tulowitzki doubled to deep right . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Hale pitching for Rockies . Pollock safe at first on error by third baseman Arenado . Pollock stole second . Peralta walked . Goldschmidt walked , Pollock to third , Peralta to second . Tomás grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pollock scored , Goldschmidt out at second , Peralta to third . Lamb singled to center , Peralta scored , Tomás to second . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Owings flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Rosario struck out looking . Stubbs fouled out to first . Hundley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Hale pitching for Rockies . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Corbin popped out to third . Pollock lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes singled to right . Hale sacrificed to catcher , Barnes to second . Blackmon doubled to left , Barnes scored . LeMahieu singled to right , Blackmon scored . Tulowitzki flied out to left . Arenado grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Hale pitching for Rockies . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt grounded out to catcher . Tomás doubled to deep right . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Rosario flied out to right . Stubbs struck out swinging . Hundley tripled to deep right . Barnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Hale pitching for Rockies . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep right . Owings singled to center , Saltalamacchia to third . Ahmed grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Saltalamacchia out at home , Owings to second . Corbin sacrificed to pitcher , Owings to third , Ahmed to second . Pollock doubled to left , Owings and Ahmed scored . Pollock stole third . Peralta walked . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hale singled to right . Blackmon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hale out at second . LeMahieu reached on infield single to second , Blackmon to second . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , third to second to first , LeMahieu out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Hale pitching for Rockies . Tomás flied out to center . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado grounded out to third . Rosario popped out to shortstop . Stubbs lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Owings walked . Ahmed fouled out to right . Hill hit for Delgado . Hill fouled out to first . Pollock singled to center , Owings to third . Peralta popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley flied out to second . Barnes popped out to second . Paulsen hit for Betancourt . Paulsen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Tomás flied out to left . Lamb flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon lined out to center . LeMahieu singled to right . Tulowitzki walked , LeMahieu to second . Arenado singled to right , LeMahieu to third , Tulowitzki to second . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to second , LeMahieu scored , Arenado out at second , Tulowitzki to third . Stubbs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rosario out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Saltalamacchia singled to left center . Owings sacrificed to catcher , Saltalamacchia to second . Ahmed reached on bunt single to third , Saltalamacchia to third . Pennington hit for Hudson . Pennington reached on bunt single to first , Saltalamacchia scored , Ahmed to second . Ahmed scored , Pennington to third on throwing error by first baseman Rosario . Pollock struck out swinging . Logan pitching for Rockies . Peralta singled to left center , Pennington scored . Axford pitching for Rockies . Barnes in left field . González in right field . Goldschmidt grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley grounded out to third . Barnes grounded out to pitcher . González grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 3 - Diamondbacks 7 .	Corbin wins in return from Tommy John surgery