Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Ahmed singled to center . Ahmed to second on balk by Harrison . Pollock popped out to second . Goldschmidt flied out to right . Tomás grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks . DeShields lined out to right . Choo struck out swinging . Fielder lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Castillo flied out to center . Peralta walked . Hill lined out to right . Lamb singled to right , Peralta to third . Pennington singled to left , Peralta scored , Lamb to third . Ahmed singled to center , Lamb scored , Pennington to third . Pollock homered to left ( 413 feet ) , Pennington and Ahmed scored . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks . Beltré singled to center . Hamilton walked , Beltré to second . Moreland grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hamilton out at second , Beltré to third . Andrus lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Tomás walked . Castillo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tomás out at second . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks . Odor singled to right . Chirinos doubled to deep left , Odor to third . DeShields grounded out to third . Choo grounded out to first , Odor scored , Chirinos to third . Fielder singled to left center , Chirinos scored . Beltré doubled to right , Fielder to third . Hamilton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Hill walked . Lamb flied out to left . Pennington flied out to center . Ahmed lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks . Moreland singled to center . Andrus walked , Moreland to second . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Moreland to third , Andrus safe at second on error by shortstop Ahmed . Chirinos struck out swinging . DeShields struck out looking . Choo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Pollock singled to center . Bass pitching for Rangers . Goldschmidt fouled out to second . Tomás grounded out to first , Pollock to second . Castillo homered to right ( 379 feet ) , Pollock scored . Peralta grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Fielder grounded out to pitcher . Beltré singled to center . Hamilton doubled to deep right center , Beltré scored . Moreland grounded out to second , Hamilton to third . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Bass pitching for Rangers . Hill lined out to right . Lamb struck out swinging . Pennington struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Odor hit by pitch . Chirinos singled to center , Odor to third . DeShields popped out to second . Choo hit sacrifice fly to left , Odor scored . Fielder singled to center , Chirinos to second . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Beltré lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Kela pitching for Rangers . Ahmed walked . Pollock grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ahmed out at second . Goldschmidt doubled to deep center . Tomás struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Hamilton flied out to right . Moreland struck out swinging . Andrus walked . Odor flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Kela pitching for Rangers . Castillo doubled to deep left center . Freeman pitching for Rangers . Peralta struck out swinging . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Chirinos struck out swinging . DeShields grounded out to shortstop . Choo doubled to deep left . Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks . Fielder grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Pennington flied out to center . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Pollock walked . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Beltré struck out looking . Hamilton grounded out to shortstop . Moreland flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Rangers 4 .	Pollock , Diamondbacks top Rangers 7 - 4 in Harrison 's return