Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Inciarte grounded out to shortstop . Tomás struck out swinging . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 380 feet ) . Pollock grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Jackson walked . Seager grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jackson out at second . Cruz singled to left . Canó lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Castillo homered to center ( 415 feet ) . Lamb walked . Owings singled to right , Lamb to second . Ahmed singled to left , Lamb to third , Owings to second . Inciarte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lamb scored on error by shortstop Miller , Owings to third , Ahmed to second . Tomás struck out swinging . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . Trumbo singled to center . Morrison lined out to second . Zunino flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Pollock grounded out to second . Hill doubled to deep left . Hill to third on wild pitch by Montgomery . Castillo struck out swinging . Lamb walked . Owings grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lamb out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Miller flied out to left . Jackson struck out swinging . Seager flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Ahmed grounded out to third . Inciarte grounded out to second . Tomás grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz grounded out to second . Canó reached on infield single to second . Gutiérrez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Canó out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Goldschmidt walked . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goldschmidt out at second . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Pollock out at second . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hill safe at second on error by second baseman Canó . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Trumbo doubled to deep right center . Morrison singled to center , Trumbo scored . Zunino struck out swinging . Miller struck out swinging . Jackson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Owings grounded out to third . Ahmed grounded out to third . Inciarte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager struck out looking . Cruz grounded out to second . Canó homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Gutiérrez walked . Trumbo grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Tomás grounded out to third . Goldschmidt walked . Pollock lined out to left . Rodney pitching for Mariners . Hill grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Morrison grounded out to first . Zunino struck out looking . Miller struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Rodney pitching for Mariners . Castillo lined out to third . Lamb flied out to center . Owings grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Jackson struck out swinging . Seager lined out to left . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Happ pitching for Mariners . Ahmed struck out swinging . Inciarte grounded out to shortstop . Tomás struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Canó walked . Smith hit for Gutiérrez . Smith grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Canó out at second . Trumbo doubled to deep left center . Taylor ran for Trumbo . Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks . Morrison walked . Zunino singled to left , Taylor scored , Morrison to second . Miller flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Smith in left field . Smith pitching for Mariners . Goldschmidt walked . Pollock struck out looking . Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by Smith . Hill walked . Castillo hit by pitch , Goldschmidt to third , Hill to second . Nuño pitching for Mariners . Lamb hit sacrifice fly to center , Goldschmidt scored , Hill to third , Castillo to second . Owings struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 10th . Saltalamacchia catching . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Jackson grounded out to second . Seager singled to right center . Cruz grounded out to third , Seager to second . Canó intentionally walked . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Mariners 3 .	Goldschmidt homers , scores winning run in Arizona 's 4 - 3 win