Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Inciarte grounded out to second . Pollock singled to left . Goldschmidt flied out to right . Pollock stole second . Peralta singled to left center , Pollock scored . Saltalamacchia popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Jackson struck out swinging . Seager grounded out to second . Cruz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Lamb walked . Owings flied out to center , Lamb to second . Hernández grounded out to shortstop , Lamb to third . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Canó grounded out to second . Smith grounded out to first . Trumbo singled to right . Miller grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Inciarte lined out to center . Pollock struck out looking . Goldschmidt singled to left . Peralta doubled to left , Goldschmidt scored , Peralta out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Zunino homered to left ( 454 feet ) . Ackley flied out to center . Jackson singled to center . Seager grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jackson out at second . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Saltalamacchia popped out to third . Lamb struck out swinging . Owings flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Canó walked . Smith grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Canó out at second . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Hernández grounded out to second . Ahmed popped out to shortstop . Inciarte homered to right ( 379 feet ) . Pollock struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Miller walked . Zunino grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Miller out at second . Ackley singled to center . Jackson walked , Ackley to second . Seager flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Goldschmidt singled to center . Peralta singled to right , Goldschmidt to second . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . Lamb singled to right , Goldschmidt to third , Peralta to second . Owings singled to right , Goldschmidt and Peralta scored , Lamb to second . Hernández struck out swinging . Ahmed hit ground rule double to deep center , Lamb scored , Owings to third . Rollins pitching for Mariners . Inciarte grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz homered to left center ( 455 feet ) . Canó struck out swinging . Smith singled to center . Trumbo lined out to second . Miller doubled to left , Smith scored . Zunino struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Rollins pitching for Mariners . Pollock fouled out to catcher . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . Peralta walked . Peralta stole second . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Ackley grounded out to first . Jackson struck out swinging . Seager struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Rollins pitching for Mariners . Lamb singled to right . Owings walked , Lamb to second . Hernández sacrificed to third , Lamb to third , Owings to second . Beimel pitching for Mariners . Ahmed hit sacrifice fly to right , Lamb scored , Owings to third . Inciarte singled to left center , Owings scored . Inciarte picked off first . Pollock batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz grounded out to third . Canó lined out to center . Smith flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Pollock walked . Goldschmidt flied out to center . Peralta struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Trumbo doubled to left . Miller singled to deep right , Trumbo scored . Zunino struck out swinging . Ackley grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Miller out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Mariners 4 .	Godley , Peralta lead Diamondbacks past Mariners , 8 - 4