Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Feldman pitching for Astros . Inciarte lined out to second . Pollock flied out to center . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Altuve safe at first on error by shortstop Ahmed . Gómez flied out to center . Correa struck out swinging . Tucker reached on infield single to second , Altuve hit by batted ball out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Feldman pitching for Astros . Peralta grounded out to second . Castillo singled to center . Lamb safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Correa , Castillo to second . Tomás singled to center , Castillo scored , Lamb to third . Owings struck out swinging . Ahmed grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Gattis walked . Rasmus flied out to left . Valbuena flied out to left . González singled to center , Gattis to second . Castro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Feldman pitching for Astros . Inciarte grounded out to pitcher . Pollock grounded out to second . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to first . Peralta reached on infield single to third , Goldschmidt to second . Castillo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Altuve grounded out to third . Gómez popped out to second . Correa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Feldman pitching for Astros . Lamb lined out to center . Tomás singled to left . Tomás to second on wild pitch by Feldman . Owings struck out looking . Ahmed grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Tucker flied out to center . Gattis grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Feldman pitching for Astros . Inciarte grounded out to first . Pollock grounded out to third . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Valbuena singled to shallow center . González reached on bunt single to pitcher , Valbuena to second . Castro homered to left ( 358 feet ) , Valbuena and González scored . Altuve struck out swinging . Gómez grounded out to shortstop . Correa homered to left ( 369 feet ) . Tucker singled to right . Gattis struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Feldman pitching for Astros . Peralta singled to left center . Castillo doubled to deep right , Peralta to third . Lamb grounded out to shortstop , Peralta scored , Castillo to third . Qualls pitching for Astros . Tomás grounded out to shortstop , Castillo scored . Owings struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Rasmus struck out swinging . Valbuena singled to center . González grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Valbuena out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Ahmed flied out to left . Inciarte grounded out to first . Pollock singled to left center . Goldschmidt singled to left , Pollock to second . Sipp pitching for Astros . Pennington ran for Pollock . Peralta singled to right , Pennington scored , Goldschmidt to third . Castillo struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Inciarte in center field . Pennington in left field . Peralta in right field . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro struck out swinging . Altuve popped out to shortstop . Gómez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Sipp pitching for Astros . Lamb struck out swinging . Harris pitching for Astros . Tomás struck out swinging . Owings singled to right center . Owings to second on wild pitch by Harris . Ahmed grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Correa grounded out to shortstop . Tucker lined out to right . Gattis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Gregerson pitching for Astros . Inciarte singled to left . Pennington sacrificed to catcher , Inciarte to second . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Peralta grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Rasmus struck out swinging . Valbuena struck out swinging . González safe at first on error by pitcher Hudson . González caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Castro batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Neshek pitching for Astros . Castillo homered to left ( 374 feet ) . Lamb homered to right ( 395 feet ) . Tomás struck out swinging . Fields pitching for Astros . Owings struck out looking . Ahmed flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 10th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro grounded out to second . Altuve struck out swinging . Gómez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Astros 4 .	Castillo , Lamb HR in 10th as Diamondbacks beat Astros 6 - 4