Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Inciarte reached on bunt single to pitcher . Pollock flied out to center . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Peralta flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Escobar homered to center ( 418 feet ) . Rendon singled to center . Harper doubled to right , Rendon to third . Zimmerman singled to left , Rendon scored , Harper to third . Werth grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Harper scored , Zimmerman out at second . Desmond struck out swinging . Ramos walked , Werth to second . Taylor reached on infield single to shortstop , Werth to third , Ramos to second . Scherzer grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Lamb grounded out to first . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . Owings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Escobar singled to center . Rendon lined out to center . Harper walked , Escobar to second . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Zimmerman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Ahmed flied out to right . Collmenter walked . Inciarte struck out swinging . Pollock lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Werth flied out to center . Desmond struck out looking . Ramos singled to left . Taylor lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Peralta walked . Lamb singled to right , Peralta to third . Saltalamacchia singled to right , Peralta scored , Lamb to second . Owings doubled to left , Lamb and Saltalamacchia scored , Owings to third advancing on throw . Ahmed walked . Collmenter struck out looking . Inciarte struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Scherzer walked . Escobar lined out to center . Rendon lined out to center . Harper grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Pollock grounded out to third . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Peralta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Zimmerman lined out to right . Werth grounded out to shortstop . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Lamb struck out looking . Saltalamacchia popped out to shortstop . Owings lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Pennington at second base . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Taylor struck out swinging . Uggla hit for Scherzer . Uggla lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Janssen pitching for Nationals . Ahmed flied out to left . Pennington struck out looking . Inciarte grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Escobar walked . Rendon lined into double play , to first , Escobar doubled off first . Harper lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Pollock flied out to right . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Peralta grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Zimmerman walked . Werth doubled to deep left , Zimmerman to third . Desmond grounded out to first . Ramos singled to shallow right , Zimmerman and Werth scored , Ramos to second advancing on throw . Taylor struck out swinging . Robinson hit for Storen . Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks . Moore hit for Robinson . Moore struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Nationals . Lamb singled to right . Saltalamacchia flied out to center , Lamb to second . Castillo hit for Pérez . Castillo grounded out to shortstop , Lamb to third . Ahmed safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Escobar , Lamb scored . Pennington grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Nationals 5 .	Ramos ' 2 - run single give Nationals 5 - 4 win over D - backs