Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Inciarte grounded out to pitcher . Pollock grounded out to pitcher . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to second . Goldschmidt stole second . Castillo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Escobar doubled to deep center . Rendon walked . Harper walked , Escobar to third , Rendon to second . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to right , Escobar scored , Rendon to third . Werth hit sacrifice fly to right , Rendon scored , Harper to second . Espinosa flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Hill walked . Tomás singled to left , Hill to second . Owings struck out looking . Ahmed struck out swinging . De La Rosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Lobatón flied out to left . Taylor struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Inciarte reached on infield single to shortstop . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Inciarte out at second . Goldschmidt singled to left , Pollock to second . Castillo singled to right center , Pollock to third , Goldschmidt to second . Hill hit sacrifice fly to center , Pollock scored . Tomás struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Escobar struck out swinging . Rendon singled to right . Harper flied out to left . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rendon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Owings bunt grounded out to pitcher . Ahmed lined out to right . De La Rosa grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Werth grounded out to third . Espinosa struck out swinging . Lobatón lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Inciarte lined out to second . Pollock singled to left . Goldschmidt singled to right , Pollock to second . Pollock stole third , Goldschmidt stole second . Castillo struck out looking . Hill struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Escobar walked . Rendon grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Tomás singled to center . Barrett pitching for Nationals . Owings singled to center , Tomás to second . Ahmed reached on bunt single to pitcher , Tomás and Owings scored , Ahmed to third on throwing error by pitcher Barrett . Saltalamacchia hit for De La Rosa . Saltalamacchia singled to left , Ahmed scored . Inciarte popped out to third . Pollock singled to left , Saltalamacchia to second . Roark pitching for Nationals . Goldschmidt lined out to right . Castillo walked , Saltalamacchia to third , Pollock to second . Hill walked , Saltalamacchia scored , Pollock to third , Castillo to second . Tomás struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Harper reached on infield single to third . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Werth lined out to right . Espinosa grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Owings lined out to left . Ahmed struck out swinging . Lamb hit for Hernandez . Lamb lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Lobatón flied out to right . Taylor reached on infield single to shortstop . Robinson hit for Roark . Robinson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Taylor out at second . Escobar singled to right center , Robinson to third . Rendon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Thornton pitching for Nationals . Inciarte tripled to deep left . Pollock lined out to shortstop . Goldschmidt walked . Castillo homered to center ( 432 feet ) , Inciarte and Goldschmidt scored . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Tomás fouled out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman struck out looking . Werth struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Rivero pitching for Nationals . Owings hit by pitch . Ahmed popped out to second . Pennington hit for Pérez . Pennington singled to right , Owings to second . Inciarte singled to left , Owings to third , Pennington to second . Owings scored , Pennington to third , Inciarte to second on balk by Rivero . Pollock reached on infield single to third , Pennington scored , Inciarte to third . Moore pitching for Nationals . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Inciarte scored , Pollock out at second . Castillo hit by pitch , Goldschmidt to second . Hill lined out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Espinosa lined out to right . Lobatón singled to right center . Taylor homered to center ( 425 feet ) , Lobatón scored . Moore grounded out to shortstop . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 11 - Nationals 4 .	Diamondbacks break loose , Nats lose for 5th time in 6 games