Diamondbacks - Top 1st . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Inciarte homered to right ( 386 feet ) . Pollock reached on infield single to third . Goldschmidt homered to right ( 371 feet ) , Pollock scored . Peralta struck out swinging . Hill grounded out to first . Lamb struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Phillips singled to left . Suárez singled to left , Phillips to second . Votto struck out swinging . Frazier singled to center , Phillips scored , Suárez to second . Bruce fouled out to third . Boesch struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Owings singled to center . Delgado sacrificed to catcher , Owings to second . Inciarte flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnhart walked . LaMarre grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barnhart out at second . DeSclafani bunted into fielder 's choice to first , LaMarre out at second . Phillips flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Pollock singled to right center . Pollock stole second . Goldschmidt singled to right , Pollock to third . Peralta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pollock scored , Goldschmidt out at second . Hill struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Suárez lined out to center . Votto walked . Frazier doubled to left , Votto to third . Bruce doubled to deep right , Votto and Frazier scored . Bruce to third on wild pitch by Delgado . Boesch doubled to deep right , Bruce scored . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnhart lined out to third . LaMarre struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Lamb grounded out to second . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep center . Owings reached on infield single to shortstop . Godley reached on bunt single to third , Saltalamacchia to third , Owings to second . Inciarte hit sacrifice fly to center , Saltalamacchia scored , Owings to third . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Godley out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . DeSclafani struck out swinging . Phillips lined out to center . Suárez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Goldschmidt singled to right . Goldschmidt stole second . Peralta grounded out to second , Goldschmidt to third . Hill hit sacrifice fly to left , Goldschmidt scored . Lamb flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Votto singled to center . Frazier walked , Votto to second . Bruce grounded out to first , Votto to third , Frazier to second . Boesch grounded out to second , Votto scored , Frazier to third . Barnhart grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Villarreal pitching for Reds . Schumaker in left field . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . Owings lined out to center . Godley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . LaMarre lined out to shortstop . Schumaker lined out to center . Phillips struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Villarreal pitching for Reds . Inciarte doubled to deep right . Pollock grounded out to third . Goldschmidt homered to right center ( 403 feet ) , Inciarte scored . Peralta grounded out to second . Hill flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Owings at second base . Ahmed at shortstop . Suárez singled to center . Votto walked , Suárez to second . Frazier flied out to left . Bruce lined out to left . Bourgeois hit for Villarreal . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Bourgeois popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Mattheus pitching for Reds . Lamb reached on infield single to third . Lamb to second on wild pitch by Mattheus . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second , Lamb to third . Owings singled to center , Lamb scored . Ahmed hit ground rule double to left , Owings to third . Owings scored , Ahmed to third on wild pitch by Mattheus . Inciarte grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ahmed scored . Pollock singled to center , Inciarte to second . Goldschmidt lined out to right . Peralta grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnhart singled to left . LaMarre flied out to right . Schumaker singled to center , Barnhart to second . Phillips struck out swinging . Suárez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Badenhop pitching for Reds . Hernández hit for Hernandez . Hernández flied out to left . Lamb lined out to second . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Hessler pitching for Diamondbacks . Votto walked . Frazier doubled to left , Votto to third . Bruce flied out to left . De Jesús hit for Badenhop . De Jesús singled to right , Votto scored , Frazier to third . Barnhart reached on infield single to shortstop , Frazier scored , De Jesús to second . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . LaMarre struck out swinging . Schumaker lined out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 11 - Reds 7 .	Goldschmidt powers Diamondbacks to 11 - 7 win over Reds