Athletics - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Burns grounded out to second . Canha grounded out to third . Reddick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Gray pitching for Athletics . Inciarte grounded out to pitcher . Pollock grounded out to third . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Valencia grounded out to shortstop . Vogt grounded out to first . Lawrie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Peralta grounded out to second . Castillo lined out to second . Lamb singled to left . Owings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Smolinski grounded out to third . Semien doubled to left . Gray grounded out to second , Semien to third . Burns singled to left , Semien scored . Canha doubled to deep left , Burns scored . Reddick popped out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Inciarte grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Valencia grounded out to second . Vogt grounded out to shortstop . Lawrie struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Pollock grounded out to third . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Peralta walked . Castillo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Smolinski grounded out to shortstop . Semien hit ground rule double to deep center . Gray struck out looking . Burns grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Lamb reached on infield single to shortstop . Owings grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lamb out at second , Owings to second on throwing error by second baseman Lawrie . Anderson grounded out to second , Owings to third . Ahmed flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Canha struck out swinging . Reddick walked . Valencia singled to left , Reddick to second . Vogt lined out to right . Lawrie lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Inciarte walked . Pollock struck out swinging . Inciarte to second on passed ball by Vogt . Goldschmidt struck out swinging , Goldschmidt safe at first on passed ball by Vogt . Peralta doubled to right center , Inciarte scored , Goldschmidt to third . Castillo hit sacrifice fly to right , Goldschmidt scored , Peralta to third . Lamb struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Smolinski flied out to right . Semien flied out to center . Gray struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Owings doubled to left . Hill hit for Delgado . Hill doubled to deep center , Owings scored . Ahmed sacrificed to third , Hill to third . Venditte pitching for Athletics . Inciarte struck out looking . Pollock singled to right , Hill scored . Goldschmidt homered to center ( 470 feet ) , Pollock scored . Peralta popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Burns struck out swinging . Canha grounded out to shortstop . Reddick grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Mujica pitching for Athletics . Castillo doubled to left . Lamb grounded out to first , Castillo to third . Owings grounded out to third . Tomás hit for Chafin . Tomás struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Valencia singled to center . Vogt flied out to center . Lawrie homered to left ( 476 feet ) , Valencia scored . Muncy hit for Smolinski . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Muncy singled to right . Semien grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Muncy out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 4 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Goldschmidt homers in Diamondbacks ' 6 - 4 win over A 's