Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Gray pitching for Rockies . Inciarte walked . Gosselin singled to left center , Inciarte to third . Pollock hit sacrifice fly to right , Inciarte scored . Peralta singled to right center , Gosselin to second . Castillo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Peralta out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to center . Reyes singled to right , Blackmon to third . González hit sacrifice fly to center , Blackmon scored . Arenado homered to center ( 427 feet ) , Reyes scored . LeMahieu singled to left . Paulsen fouled out to shortstop . LeMahieu stole second . Hundley struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Lamb singled to center . Drury walked , Lamb to second . Owings singled to center , Lamb scored , Drury to second . Anderson bunted into double play , catcher to third to second , Drury out at third , Owings to second . Inciarte lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Parker struck out swinging . Gray struck out swinging . Blackmon doubled to right . Reyes popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Gosselin flied out to right . Pollock doubled to deep left . Peralta grounded out to first , Pollock to third . Castillo lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . González popped out to first . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . LeMahieu singled to center . Paulsen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Lamb struck out swinging . Drury singled to center . Owings reached on bunt single to third , Drury to second . Anderson sacrificed to catcher , Drury to third , Owings to second . Inciarte grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley singled to right center . Parker popped out to third . Gray struck out swinging . Blackmon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Gosselin grounded out to third . Pollock grounded out to second . Peralta tripled to deep right . Castillo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes reached on infield single to third . González lined out to left . Arenado grounded out to second , Reyes to second . LeMahieu grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Lamb doubled to right . Drury grounded out to third , Lamb to third . Owings doubled to left , Lamb scored . Saltalamacchia hit for Anderson . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Owings stole third . Saltalamacchia walked . Inciarte grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Owings scored , Saltalamacchia out at second . Brown pitching for Rockies . Inciarte stole second . Gosselin grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Paulsen singled to center . Hundley flied out to right . Parker grounded into double play , second to first , Paulsen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Brown pitching for Rockies . Pollock flied out to center . Peralta grounded out to first . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Adames hit for Brown . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Adames singled to right . Blackmon singled to right , Adames to third , Blackmon to second advancing on throw . Reyes walked . Hessler pitching for Diamondbacks . González homered to right ( 443 feet ) , Adames , Blackmon and Reyes scored . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado lined out to third . LeMahieu grounded out to third . Paulsen singled to center . Hundley hit ground rule double to deep center , Paulsen to third . Parker lined out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Barnes in left field . Lamb struck out looking . Miller pitching for Rockies . Drury grounded out to shortstop . Owings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Stites pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes flied out to right . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . Reyes reached on infield single to first . González homered to right ( 374 feet ) , Reyes scored . Arenado singled to center . LeMahieu singled to center , Arenado to second . Paulsen popped out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Tomás hit for Stites . Miller pitching for Rockies . Tomás struck out swinging . Inciarte fouled out to first . Gosselin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Rockies 9 .	Gonzalez has 2 HRs , 7 RBIs as Rockies beat D - backs , 9 - 4