Giants - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagán struck out swinging . Tomlinson struck out looking . Duffy singled to right . Posey singled to right , Duffy to second . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Posey out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Leake pitching for Giants . Pollock singled to left . Inciarte grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Pollock out at second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt fouled out to left . Crawford grounded out to second . Williams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Leake pitching for Giants . Peralta reached on infield single to third . Castillo struck out swinging . Lamb singled to left , Peralta to second . Gosselin homered to left center ( 409 feet ) , Peralta and Lamb scored . Ahmed doubled to left . Corbin grounded out to second , Ahmed to third . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Leake grounded out to third . Pagán doubled to deep right center . Tomlinson grounded out to third . Duffy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Leake pitching for Giants . Inciarte singled to right . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Inciarte out at second . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey hit ground rule double to deep right . Byrd singled to center , Posey to third . Belt flied out to center . Crawford struck out looking . Williams grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Leake pitching for Giants . Castillo struck out swinging . Lamb walked . Gosselin singled to center , Lamb to second . Ahmed singled to left center , Lamb to third , Gosselin to second . Corbin singled to left , Lamb scored , Gosselin to third , Ahmed to second . Pollock hit sacrifice fly to right , Gosselin scored , Ahmed to third . Inciarte popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Leake grounded out to pitcher . Pagán singled to center . Tomlinson flied out to center . Duffy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Leake pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt walked . Peralta reached on infield single to first , Goldschmidt to second . Castillo grounded out to shortstop , Goldschmidt to third , Peralta to second . Lamb intentionally walked . Gosselin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lamb out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey lined out to right . Byrd grounded out to second . Belt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Leake pitching for Giants . Ahmed struck out swinging . Drury hit for Corbin . Drury struck out looking . Pollock homered to left ( 416 feet ) . Kontos pitching for Giants . Inciarte popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford popped out to first . Williams fouled out to catcher . De Aza hit for Kontos . De Aza singled to center . Pagán struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Peralta fouled out to third . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik hit for Tomlinson . Panik doubled to deep center . Duffy grounded out to first , Panik to third . Posey singled to right , Panik scored . Byrd singled to left , Posey to second . Belt lined out to center . Crawford flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Panik at second base . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Lamb hit ground rule double to deep center . Gosselin grounded out to second , Lamb to third . Ahmed grounded out to third . Saltalamacchia hit for Hudson . Saltalamacchia walked . Pollock lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Noonan hit for Williams . Noonan grounded out to second . Blanco hit for Vogelsong . Blanco grounded out to second . Pagán grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 1 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Corbin sharp , Diamondbacks beat fading Giants 6 - 1