Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Leake pitching for Giants . Pollock singled to center . Inciarte flied out to center . Goldschmidt singled to center , Pollock to second . Peralta singled to right , Pollock scored , Goldschmidt to third . Saltalamacchia grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Peralta out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagán reached on infield single to shortstop . Tomlinson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pagán out at second . Duffy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Leake pitching for Giants . Gosselin walked . Lamb singled to left , Gosselin to second . Owings singled to left , Gosselin scored , Lamb to second . Corbin bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lamb out at third , Owings to second . Pollock lined out to left . Inciarte singled to center , Owings scored , Corbin to second . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Inciarte out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey flied out to right . Byrd flied out to center . Pérez singled to right . Crawford singled to center , Pérez to third . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Leake pitching for Giants . Peralta reached on infield single to second . Saltalamacchia flied out to right . Gosselin lined out to right . Lamb singled to left center , Peralta to second . Owings lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Leake struck out swinging . Pagán flied out to center . Tomlinson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Petit pitching for Giants . Corbin grounded out to first . Pollock singled to left . Inciarte reached on infield single to shortstop , Pollock to second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Peralta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Duffy singled to left . Posey flied out to center . Byrd struck out looking . Pérez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Petit pitching for Giants . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first . Gosselin singled to center . Lamb lined out to right . Owings reached on infield single to second , Gosselin to second . Corbin singled to right , Gosselin scored , Owings to third , Corbin out stretching at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford bunt grounded out to pitcher . Brown grounded out to second . Adrianza hit for Petit . Adrianza doubled to left . Pagán grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Cain pitching for Giants . Pollock walked . Pollock stole second , Pollock safe at third on throwing error by catcher Brown . Inciarte singled to right , Pollock scored . Inciarte stole second . Goldschmidt walked . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Goldschmidt out at second , Inciarte to third . Peralta stole second . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Gosselin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Tomlinson lined out to right . Duffy flied out to right . Posey grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Hall pitching for Giants . Lamb grounded out to second . Owings safe at second on error by second baseman Tomlinson . Corbin struck out swinging . Pollock walked . Inciarte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 7th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Byrd struck out swinging . Pérez struck out swinging . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Hall pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . Peralta singled to center . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep center , Peralta scored . Bochy pitching for Giants . Gosselin flied out to center . Saltalamacchia to third on wild pitch by Bochy . Lamb walked . Owings struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Ahmed at shortstop . Owings at second base . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Brown flied out to right . Parker hit for Bochy . Parker singled to center . Pagán flied out to left . Tomlinson hit by pitch , Parker to second . Duffy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Broadway pitching for Giants . Pérez in center field . Parker in left field . Ahmed flied out to right . Pollock singled to left center . Inciarte lined out to left . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pollock out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey singled to center . Byrd grounded out to catcher , Posey to second . Pérez grounded out to third . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Giants 0 .	Diamondbacks shut out Giants again 6 - 0