Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Inciarte grounded out to pitcher . Hill doubled to deep center . Pollock grounded out to second , Hill to third . Goldschmidt lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Chacin pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Utley grounded out to first . Gonzalez homered to center ( 402 feet ) . Kendrick singled to right center . Ethier singled to right , Kendrick to second . Seager doubled to right , Kendrick scored , Ethier to third . Grandal struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Castillo grounded out to third . Tomás grounded out to pitcher . Drury singled to center . Ahmed singled to center , Drury to second . Chacín struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Chacin pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson popped out to first . Anderson singled to center . Crawford singled to left , Anderson to second . Utley struck out swinging . Gonzalez walked , Anderson to third , Crawford to second . Kendrick lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Inciarte doubled to left . Hill grounded out to second , Inciarte to third . Pollock hit sacrifice fly to center , Inciarte scored . Goldschmidt walked . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goldschmidt out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Chacin pitching for Diamondbacks . Ethier lined out to right . Seager lined out to center . Grandal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Tomás homered to left center ( 402 feet ) . Drury doubled to deep right center . Ahmed grounded out to second , Drury to third . Chacín grounded out to pitcher . Inciarte grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Chacin pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson grounded out to pitcher . Anderson struck out looking . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Dodgers . Hill homered to left center ( 402 feet ) . Pollock doubled to right . Goldschmidt singled to right center , Pollock to third . Castillo singled to left center , Pollock scored , Goldschmidt to second . Tomás grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Castillo out at second , Goldschmidt to third . Drury grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goldschmidt scored , Tomás out at second . Báez pitching for Dodgers . Ahmed walked , Drury to second . Chacín struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Chacin pitching for Diamondbacks . Utley walked . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Utley out at second . Kendrick grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Baez pitching for Dodgers . Inciarte grounded out to shortstop . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Pollock doubled to center . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Pollock to third , Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by Báez . Castillo popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Chacin pitching for Diamondbacks . Ethier walked . Seager fouled out to left . Grandal walked , Ethier to second . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Van Slyke hit for Pederson . Van Slyke struck out swinging . Ruggiano hit for Báez . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Schebler hit for Ruggiano . Schebler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Van Slyke in center field . Johnson pitching for Dodgers . Tomás flied out to left . Drury flied out to center . Ahmed singled to left . Peralta hit for Hernandez . Peralta singled to center , Ahmed to third . Peralta stole second . Inciarte flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks . Peralta in left field . Crawford struck out swinging . Utley hit by pitch . Gonzalez flied out to center . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Utley out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Peralta pitching for Dodgers . Hill grounded out to third . Pollock flied out to center . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 348 feet ) . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Rollins hit for Ethier . Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks . Rollins popped out to first . Seager walked . Grandal homered to right center ( 391 feet ) , Seager scored . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Van Slyke lined out to pitcher . Guerrero hit for Peralta . Guerrero flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Van Slyke in right field . Nicasio pitching for Dodgers . Heisey in center field . Owings hit for Hudson . Owings singled to left . Drury singled to right , Owings to second . Ahmed sacrificed to pitcher , Owings to third , Drury to second . Thomas pitching for Dodgers . Peralta singled to right , Owings and Drury scored . Inciarte lined out to second . Peralta stole second . Hill walked . Pollock safe at first on error by shortstop Seager , Peralta to third , Hill to second . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Owings at second base . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Utley flied out to center . Gonzalez hit ground rule double to deep left . Kendrick flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Dodgers 4 .	Tomas , Hill homer in D - backs ' 8 - 4 win over Dodgers