Pirates - Top 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer singled to center. McCutchen fouled out to first. Cervelli grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mercer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Niese pitching for Pirates. Segura singled to right. Drury grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Segura out at second. Goldschmidt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte lined out to center. Harrison doubled to left. Rogers grounded out to second, Harrison to third. Rodriguez homered to left center (468 feet), Harrison scored. Polanco homered to center (457 feet). Niese struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Niese pitching for Pirates. Tomás flied out to right. Castillo grounded out to third. Peralta homered to left center (379 feet). Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer homered to left center (461 feet). McCutchen flied out to center. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. Marte doubled to deep left, Marte to third on error by left fielder Tomás. Harrison singled to center, Marte scored. Rogers flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Niese pitching for Pirates. Owings lined out to right. Corbin reached on infield single to shortstop. Segura singled to left center, Corbin to second. Drury singled to center, Corbin scored, Segura to third. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Tomás grounded into fielder's choice to third, Drury out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Rodriguez flied out to center. Polanco struck out swinging. Niese grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Niese pitching for Pirates. Castillo homered to left (378 feet). Peralta flied out to left. Ahmed struck out looking. Owings tripled to right. Corbin doubled to center, Owings scored. Segura lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen struck out swinging. Cervelli grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Niese pitching for Pirates. Drury flied out to center. Goldschmidt walked. Tomás singled to left center, Goldschmidt to second. Castillo grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Tomás out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Harrison flied out to center. Rogers walked. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rogers out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Niese pitching for Pirates. Peralta flied out to center. Ahmed singled to left. Owings walked, Ahmed to second. Gosselin hit for Corbin. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Rodriguez at first base. Freese at third base. Gosselin struck out swinging, Ahmed stole third, Owings stole second. Segura grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks. Polanco grounded out to first. Freese hit ground rule double to deep right. Mercer walked. McCutchen singled to left, Freese scored, Mercer to second. Cervelli singled to left, Mercer scored, McCutchen to second. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cervelli out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Drury grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Tomás struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison doubled to deep center. Watson sacrificed to pitcher, Harrison to third. Rodriguez singled to left, Harrison scored. Polanco flied out to center, Rodriguez to second. Rodriguez to third on wild pitch by Delgado. Freese grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Castillo homered to left (442 feet). Peralta doubled to center. Ahmed grounded out to pitcher. Owings lined out to third. Weeks Jr. hit for Delgado. Weeks Jr. safe at second on error by shortstop Mercer, Peralta scored. Joyce in right field. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Segura reached on infield single to first, Weeks Jr. scored. Drury singled to left, Segura to second. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop, Segura to third, Drury to second. Tomás grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 9th. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer singled to center. McCutchen flied out to right. Cervelli grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mercer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Castillo flied out to center. Peralta lined out to right. Lamb hit for Ahmed. Lamb grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 8 - Diamondbacks 7.	Three Pirates homer, Pittsburgh snap's Arizona win streak