Cardinals - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter singled to right. Piscotty grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Carpenter out at second. Holliday tripled to deep right, Piscotty scored. Moss grounded out to second, Holliday scored. Grichuk tripled to deep right. Molina fouled out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Segura reached on infield single to third. Drury grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Segura out at second. Goldschmidt walked. Goldschmidt caught stealing second, catcher to second. Tomás batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Gyorko struck out swinging. Díaz reached on infield single to second. García sacrificed to pitcher, Díaz to second. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Tomás doubled to deep center. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Peralta reached on infield single to pitcher, Tomás to third. Owings struck out swinging, Tomás scored, Peralta to second on passed ball. Greinke struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Piscotty grounded out to shortstop. Holliday grounded out to third. Moss lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Hazelbaker in left field. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Segura singled to right. Segura to second on passed ball by Molina. Drury struck out swinging. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Grichuk grounded out to catcher. Molina lined out to center. Gyorko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Tomás walked. Castillo singled to right, Tomás to second. Peralta grounded out to first, Tomás to third, Castillo to second. Owings grounded out to second, Tomás scored, Castillo to third. Greinke walked. Ahmed flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Díaz singled to center. García sacrificed to pitcher, Díaz to second. Carpenter grounded out to second, Díaz to third. Piscotty reached on infield single to pitcher, Díaz scored. Hazelbaker homered to left (372 feet), Piscotty scored. Moss grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Segura doubled to right. Drury grounded out to third. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Tomás grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Grichuk flied out to left. Molina singled to right. Gyorko grounded into double play, third to second to first, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Castillo doubled to left. Peralta tripled to deep center, Castillo scored. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Owings singled to center, Peralta scored. Greinke singled to shallow left, Owings to second. Ahmed struck out swinging. Wong at second base. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Segura homered to left (397 feet), Owings and Greinke scored. Drury singled to left. Goldschmidt walked, Drury to second. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Tomás hit ground rule double to deep right center, Drury scored, Goldschmidt to third. Castillo singled to right, Goldschmidt and Tomás scored. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Castillo safe at third on error by second baseman Wong. Owings singled to left, Castillo scored, Peralta to second. Greinke grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Owings out at second, Peralta to third. Ahmed lined out to right. 9 Runs, 9 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Díaz fouled out to shortstop. Wong struck out swinging. Carpenter homered to right (405 feet). Piscotty reached on infield single to third. Hazelbaker tripled to deep right center, Piscotty scored. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Moss walked. Grichuk flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Díaz at second base. Tejada at shortstop. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Segura grounded out to third. Drury doubled to left. Drury to third on wild pitch by Maness. Goldschmidt walked. Tomás grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina lined out to right. Fryer hit for Maness. Fryer popped out to first. Díaz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Lyons pitching for Cardinals. Castillo flied out to center. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Owings singled to right. Weeks Jr. hit for Chafin. Weeks Jr. doubled to deep center, Owings scored. Ahmed walked. Segura grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks. Tejada struck out swinging. Carpenter struck out swinging. Piscotty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Diamondbacks 12.	Segura powers Diamondbacks to win over Cardinals