Cardinals - Top 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter walked. Carpenter to second on wild pitch by Corbin. Piscotty singled to left center, Carpenter to third. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to second, Carpenter scored, Piscotty safe at second on error by shortstop Ahmed. Grichuk flied out to right. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Piscotty out at third, Holliday to second. Gyorko grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Segura reached on infield single to third, Segura to second on throwing error by third baseman Tejada. Lamb grounded out to second, Segura to third. Goldschmidt lined into double play, second to third, Segura doubled off third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Tejada grounded out to third. Díaz grounded out to third. Wainwright grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Peralta grounded out to first. Tomás struck out swinging. Castillo singled to left. Drury homered to left (405 feet), Castillo scored. Ahmed lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter struck out swinging. Piscotty singled to center. Holliday lined out to center. Grichuk flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Corbin grounded out to shortstop. Segura singled to center. Lamb grounded into double play, catcher to shortstop to first, Segura out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina walked. Gyorko grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. Tejada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gyorko out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Goldschmidt homered to center (422 feet). Peralta struck out looking. Tomás lined out to center. Castillo struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Díaz homered to left (441 feet). Wainwright grounded out to third. Carpenter walked. Piscotty walked, Carpenter to second. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Piscotty out at second, Carpenter to third. Grichuk struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Drury grounded out to pitcher. Ahmed grounded out to third. Corbin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina flied out to right. Gyorko singled to right. Tejada singled to right, Gyorko to third. Díaz walked, Tejada to second. Wainwright tripled to left, Gyorko, Tejada and Díaz scored. Carpenter grounded out to second. Piscotty singled to left center, Wainwright scored. Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks. Piscotty stole second. Holliday hit ground rule double to deep right, Piscotty scored. Hazelbaker ran for Holliday. Grichuk struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Hazelbaker in left field. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Segura struck out swinging. Lamb singled to center. Goldschmidt walked, Lamb to second. Peralta singled to left, Lamb scored, Goldschmidt to second. Hazelbaker in center field. Oh pitching for Cardinals. Moss in left field. Tomás grounded out to pitcher, Goldschmidt to third, Peralta to second. Castillo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina doubled to deep left. Gyorko walked. Tejada bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Molina out at third, Gyorko to second. Díaz singled to left center, Gyorko scored, Tejada to second. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Moss grounded out to second, Tejada to third, Díaz to second. Carpenter singled to center, Tejada and Díaz scored. Piscotty struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Oh pitching for Cardinals. Drury fouled out to first. Ahmed struck out swinging. Gosselin hit for Chafin. Broxton pitching for Cardinals. Adams at first base. Gosselin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Leone pitching for Diamondbacks. Hazelbaker struck out swinging. Adams struck out swinging. Molina walked. Gyorko grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Broxton pitching for Cardinals. Segura flied out to right. Lamb singled to center. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Lamb to second on fielder's indifference. Peralta walked. Tomás grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Tejada popped out to second. Díaz grounded out to shortstop. Moss singled to left center. Wong hit for Broxton. Wong reached on infield single to third, Moss to second. Piscotty singled to left, Moss scored, Wong to second. Hazelbaker struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Fryer catching. Castillo singled to left. Drury struck out swinging. Ahmed singled to right, Castillo to second. Weeks Jr. hit for Delgado. Weeks Jr. lined out to left. Segura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 11 - Diamondbacks 4.	Cardinals bash past Diamondbacks 11-4