Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Segura flied out to left. Bourn grounded out to first. Goldschmidt walked. Lamb doubled to left, Goldschmidt to third. Tomás walked. Herrmann singled to left, Goldschmidt and Lamb scored, Tomás to second. Drury lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter doubled to deep center, Carpenter to third on error by center fielder Bourn. Díaz grounded out to shortstop, Carpenter scored. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Piscotty singled to left. Molina singled to left, Piscotty to second. Gyorko grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Owings singled to right. Corbin struck out looking. Segura grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Owings out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Hazelbaker lined out to second. Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop. Martínez struck out swinging. Carpenter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Bourn struck out looking. Goldschmidt singled to left center. Lamb grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Díaz struck out swinging. Holliday popped out to second. Piscotty walked. Piscotty caught stealing second, catcher to second. Molina batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Tomás hit by pitch. Herrmann grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Tomás out at second. Drury fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina lined out to center. Gyorko walked. Hazelbaker struck out swinging. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gyorko out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Owings struck out swinging. Corbin singled to center, Corbin to second on error by center fielder Hazelbaker. Segura singled to right, Corbin scored, Segura to second advancing on throw. Bourn doubled to right center, Segura scored. Goldschmidt walked. Lamb lined out to right. Tomás grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Wong hit for Martínez. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong struck out swinging. Carpenter walked. Díaz struck out looking. Holliday grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Herrmann grounded out to third. Drury grounded out to third. Owings grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Piscotty grounded out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to third. Gyorko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Corbin struck out swinging. Segura reached on infield single to shortstop. Bourn grounded out to second, Segura to second. Segura stole third. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Hazelbaker struck out swinging. Tejada walked. Grichuk hit for Bowman. Clippard pitching for Diamondbacks. Grichuk walked, Tejada to second. Carpenter flied out to right. Díaz singled to left, Tejada scored, Grichuk to second. Holliday struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Broxton pitching for Cardinals. Lamb singled to left. Tomás walked, Lamb to second. Herrmann sacrificed to catcher, Lamb to third, Tomás to second. Drury intentionally walked. Owings singled to center, Lamb and Tomás scored, Drury to second. Weeks Jr. hit for Clippard. Weeks Jr. singled to center, Drury scored, Owings to second. Kiekhefer pitching for Cardinals. Segura grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Weeks Jr. out at second, Owings to third. Bourn singled to center, Owings scored, Segura to third. Goldschmidt singled to shallow center, Segura scored, Bourn to second. Lamb flied out to center. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Piscotty walked. Fryer hit for Molina. Fryer reached on infield single to third, Piscotty to second. Gyorko walked, Piscotty to third, Fryer to second. Hazelbaker flied out to left. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Tejada struck out swinging. Adams hit for Kiekhefer. Adams fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Carpenter at third base. Fryer catching. Tejada pitching for Cardinals. Adams at first base. Tomás flied out to right. Herrmann homered to right (398 feet). Drury homered to right center (389 feet). Owings lined out to center. Gosselin hit for Hudson. Gosselin flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter grounded out to pitcher. Díaz hit ground rule double to deep right center. Holliday walked. Piscotty safe at first on error by third baseman Lamb, Díaz to third, Holliday to second. Fryer singled to shallow center, Díaz scored, Holliday to third, Piscotty to second. Gyorko singled to shallow left, Holliday scored, Piscotty to third, Fryer to second. Hazelbaker grounded out to third, Piscotty scored, Fryer to third, Gyorko to second. Moss hit for Tejada. Moss doubled to deep right center, Fryer and Gyorko scored. Adams reached on infield single to third, Moss to third. Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks. Adams to second on fielder's indifference. Carpenter lined out to center. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Diamondbacks 11 - Cardinals 7.	Corbin paces Diamondbacks' 11-7 victory over Cardinals