Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Cole pitching for Pirates. Segura doubled to deep center. Bourn doubled to deep right, Segura scored. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Lamb walked. Bourn stole third. Lamb stole second. Drury grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bourn out at home. Herrmann grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer flied out to center. McCutchen walked. Freese singled to left, McCutchen to second. Kang grounded out to third, McCutchen to third, Freese to second. Marte grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Owings doubled to center. Tom치s grounded out to pitcher. Corbin singled to left, Owings to third, Corbin to second advancing on throw. Segura grounded out to pitcher. Bourn walked. Goldschmidt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Cervelli safe at first on error by shortstop Owings. Polanco singled to left, Cervelli to second. Rodriguez struck out looking. Cole homered to center (408 feet), Cervelli and Polanco scored. Mercer grounded out to third. McCutchen popped out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Lamb grounded out to second. Drury reached on infield single to third. Herrmann singled to center, Drury to second. Owings walked, Drury to third, Herrmann to second. Tom치s struck out swinging. Corbin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Freese grounded out to second. Kang doubled to deep center. Marte grounded out to shortstop, Kang to third. Cervelli grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Bourn singled to right. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bourn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Polanco struck out looking. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Cole doubled to deep center. Mercer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Lamb struck out swinging. Drury struck out looking. Herrmann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. McCutchen flied out to center. Freese grounded out to second. Kang flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Schugel pitching for Pirates. Owings grounded out to second. Tom치s struck out looking. Corbin singled to left. Segura reached on infield single to pitcher, Corbin to second. Bourn walked, Corbin to third, Segura to second. Goldschmidt singled to center, Corbin and Segura scored, Bourn to third. Lamb lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte struck out swinging. Cervelli singled to center. Polanco grounded out to third, Cervelli to second. Rodriguez walked. Harrison hit for Schugel. Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison doubled to deep right, Cervelli and Rodriguez scored. Mercer popped out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Lobstein pitching for Pirates. Drury singled to center. Herrmann walked, Drury to second. Scahill pitching for Pirates. Owings grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Herrmann out at second, Drury to third. Tom치s lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. McCutchen lined out to center. Freese walked. Kang singled to left, Freese to second. Marte struck out swinging, Freese to third, Kang to second on wild pitch by Delgado. Cervelli walked. Drury in left field. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Weeks Jr. in right field. Polanco grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Weeks Jr. flied out to left. Segura fouled out to right. Bourn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Rodriguez doubled to center. Joyce hit for Feliz. Joyce struck out swinging. Mercer singled to center, Rodriguez to third. Mercer to second on wild pitch by Chafin. McCutchen intentionally walked. Freese struck out swinging. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Kang singled to left, Rodriguez and Mercer scored, McCutchen to second. Marte doubled to deep right, McCutchen scored, Kang to third. Cervelli struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Lamb singled to center. Drury struck out swinging. Herrmann singled to right, Lamb to second. Owings popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Pirates 8.	Harrison's 2-run double helps Pirates top Diamondbacks 8-3