Phillies - Top 1st. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Herrera walked. Bourjos homered to left (400 feet), Herrera scored. Asche grounded out to first. Franco grounded out to third. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Segura grounded out to first. Gosselin doubled to right. Goldschmidt safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Franco. Lamb homered to center (442 feet), Gosselin and Goldschmidt scored. Tomás struck out looking. Herrmann flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 2nd. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Rupp singled to right. Galvis flied out to right. Hernández singled to center, Rupp to second. Eflin struck out swinging. Herrera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Drury singled to left. Bradley struck out bunting foul. Bourn hit ground rule double to deep left, Drury to third. Segura hit sacrifice fly to center, Drury scored. Gosselin grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Bourjos struck out looking. Asche lined out to shortstop. Franco lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Goldschmidt fouled out to third. Lamb flied out to right. Tomás flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Joseph flied out to center. Rupp grounded out to shortstop. Galvis singled to right. Hernández doubled to center, Galvis thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Herrmann fouled out to shortstop. Drury grounded out to third. Bradley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Eflin doubled to deep center. Herrera grounded out to shortstop, Eflin to third. Bourjos grounded out to shortstop. Asche doubled to right, Eflin scored. Franco struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Bourn doubled to right. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Gosselin grounded out to shortstop, Bourn to third. Goldschmidt popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Joseph grounded out to third. Rupp lined out to right. Galvis singled to center. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Lamb grounded out to pitcher. Tomás singled to center. Herrmann flied out to left. Drury grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Clippard pitching for Diamondbacks. Paredes hit for Eflin. Paredes singled to right. Herrera grounded out to second, Paredes to second. Bourjos grounded out to third, Paredes to third. Asche singled to right, Paredes scored. Franco flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. González pitching for Phillies. Ahmed hit for Clippard. Ahmed singled to center. Bourn singled to center, Ahmed to second. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Segura lined out to center. Gosselin singled to right, Ahmed scored, Bourn to third. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right center, Bourn and Gosselin scored. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Blanco at third base. Lamb grounded out to pitcher. Tomás intentionally walked. Herrmann struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Segura at second base. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ahmed at shortstop. Joseph lined out to center. Rupp singled to center. Galvis singled to right, Rupp to second. Hernández reached on infield single to third, Rupp to third, Galvis to second. Blanco singled to right, Rupp and Galvis scored, Hernández to third. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Herrera safe at first on error by third baseman Lamb, Hernández scored, Blanco to second. Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks. Bourjos walked, Blanco to third, Herrera to second. Asche hit sacrifice fly to center, Blanco scored, Herrera to third. Howard hit for Morgan. Howard walked, Bourjos to second. Joseph grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Neris pitching for Phillies. Drury struck out swinging. Ahmed reached on infield single to third. Bourn struck out swinging. Ahmed stole second. Ahmed to third on wild pitch by Neris. Segura reached on infield single to third, Ahmed scored, Segura to second on throwing error by third baseman Blanco. Weeks Jr. hit for Barrett. Weeks Jr. hit by pitch. Gómez pitching for Phillies. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Rupp grounded out to shortstop. Galvis grounded out to shortstop. Hernández reached on infield single to first. Blanco grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Gomez pitching for Phillies. Lamb reached on infield single to shortstop. Tomás singled to center, Lamb to second. Herrmann bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Lamb out at third, Tomás to second. Drury grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Herrmann out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 10th. O'Brien in left field. Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks. Herrera flied out to center. Bourjos reached on infield single to shortstop. Asche singled to right, Bourjos to third. Goeddel hit for Gómez. Goeddel hit sacrifice fly to right, Bourjos scored. Joseph lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th. Oberholtzer pitching for Phillies. Ahmed lined out to right. Bourn reached on bunt single to second. Segura flied out to right. O'Brien struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 9 - Diamondbacks 8.	Phillies beat Arizona 9-8 in 10 innings for sweep