Dodgers - Top 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendrick struck out swinging. Seager struck out looking. Turner homered to center (439 feet). González walked. Puig struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Norris pitching for Dodgers. Segura struck out looking. Bourn grounded out to third. Goldschmidt lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Van Slyke grounded out to shortstop. Grandal grounded out to second. Taylor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Norris pitching for Dodgers. Lamb singled to right. Castillo struck out swinging. Herrmann singled to left center, Lamb to third. Tomás grounded into double play, third to second to first, Herrmann out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Norris safe at first on error by third baseman Lamb. Kendrick flied out to center. Seager doubled to deep center, Norris to third. Turner safe at first on error by third baseman Lamb, Norris scored, Seager to third. Turner to second on wild pitch by Corbin. González struck out swinging. Puig struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Norris pitching for Dodgers. Corbin reached on infield single to second. Ahmed singled to right, Corbin to second. Segura flied out to center, Corbin to third. Ahmed stole second. Bourn tripled to deep right center, Corbin and Ahmed scored. Goldschmidt grounded out to second, Bourn scored. Lamb struck out swinging, Lamb safe at first on wild pitch by Norris. Castillo singled to left, Lamb to second. Herrmann struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Van Slyke singled to center. Grandal singled to left, Van Slyke to second. Taylor tripled to deep center, Van Slyke and Grandal scored. Norris lined out to second. Kendrick singled to right, Taylor scored. Seager walked, Kendrick to second. Turner walked, Kendrick to third, Seager to second. González struck out looking. Puig singled to deep center, Kendrick and Seager scored, Turner to third, Puig out stretching at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Norris pitching for Dodgers. Tomás flied out to center. Gosselin hit for Corbin. Gosselin struck out looking. Ahmed grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Leone pitching for Diamondbacks. Van Slyke singled to center. Grandal grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Van Slyke out at second. Taylor doubled to left. Norris singled to left, Taylor scored. Kendrick singled to right, Norris to second. Escobar pitching for Diamondbacks. Seager grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Norris pitching for Dodgers. Segura lined out to right. Bourn grounded out to first. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop. Goldschmidt stole second. Lamb singled to center, Goldschmidt scored. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Escobar pitching for Diamondbacks. Turner hit by pitch. González singled to left, Turner to second. Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks. Puig singled to left, Turner to third, González to second. Van Slyke struck out swinging. Grandal struck out swinging. Taylor homered to left (409 feet), Turner, González and Puig scored. Toles hit for Norris. Toles singled to left. Kendrick singled to left center, Toles to second. Seager fouled out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Herrmann lined out to third. Tomás grounded out to shortstop. Drury hit for Bracho. Drury grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Drury in left field. Turner struck out looking. González grounded out to shortstop. Puig grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Fien pitching for Dodgers. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Segura homered to right (368 feet). Bourn reached on infield single to first. Goldschmidt homered to center (432 feet), Bourn scored. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Lamb grounded out to second. Castillo struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Van Slyke hit by pitch. Grandal struck out swinging. Taylor bunt grounded out to pitcher, Van Slyke to second. Utley hit for Howell. Utley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Weeks Jr. hit for Collmenter. Weeks Jr. struck out swinging. Tomás singled to right. Drury struck out swinging. Ahmed grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tomás out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendrick walked. Seager lined out to center. Turner reached on infield single to second, Kendrick to second. González lined out to third. Puig singled to left center, Kendrick scored, Turner to second. Van Slyke popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Segura flied out to right. Bourn grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 13 - Diamondbacks 7.	Taylor falls single shy of cycle, Dodgers beat D-backs 13-7