Nationals - Top 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Turner singled to center. Werth singled to right center, Turner to second, Turner to third, Werth to second on error by center fielder Bourn. Murphy grounded out to shortstop, Turner scored, Werth to third. Rendon struck out swinging. Ramos grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Roark pitching for Nationals. Segura reached on infield single to shortstop. Bourn walked, Segura to second. Goldschmidt singled to right, Segura to third, Bourn to second. Lamb grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Segura scored, Goldschmidt out at second, Bourn to third. Castillo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Heisey grounded out to shortstop. Espinosa struck out swinging. Difo reached on infield single to shortstop. Roark struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Peralta grounded out to first. Tomás homered to left (404 feet). Owings reached on infield single to second. Ray struck out swinging. Segura struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Turner flied out to center. Werth struck out swinging. Murphy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Bourn struck out looking. Goldschmidt singled to right. Lamb flied out to center. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Rendon doubled to left. Ramos struck out swinging. Heisey walked. Espinosa struck out swinging. Difo singled to center, Rendon scored, Heisey to second. Roark struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Peralta struck out looking. Tomás walked. Owings grounded out to second, Tomás to second. Ray struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Turner fouled out to catcher. Werth grounded out to second. Murphy singled to right center. Rendon walked, Murphy to second. Ramos homered to left (426 feet), Murphy and Rendon scored. Heisey homered to left (381 feet). Espinosa grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Segura fouled out to first. Bourn grounded out to first. Goldschmidt popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Difo grounded out to second. Roark struck out swinging. Turner flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Lamb homered to right center (451 feet). Castillo flied out to right. Peralta popped out to first. Tomás grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Werth homered to left (371 feet). Murphy flied out to right. Rendon grounded out to pitcher. Ramos singled to center. Heisey struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Owings doubled to deep center. Gosselin hit for Delgado. Gosselin grounded out to shortstop. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Segura flied out to center. Bourn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Espinosa popped out to second. Difo reached on infield single to third. Robinson hit for Treinen. Difo stole second. Robinson grounded out to first, Difo to third. Turner singled to left, Difo scored. Werth singled to right, Turner to second. Murphy singled to center, Turner scored, Werth to second. Rendon singled to center, Werth scored, Murphy to second. Ramos struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Kelley pitching for Nationals. Robinson at first base. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center. Lamb walked. Castillo struck out swinging. Peralta flied out to left. Tomás reached on infield single to second, Goldschmidt to third, Lamb to second. Owings flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Loewen pitching for Diamondbacks. Heisey hit by pitch. Espinosa grounded out to third, Heisey to second. Difo lined out to right, Heisey to third. Robinson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Revere in left field. Belisle pitching for Nationals. Drury hit for Loewen. Drury singled to right. Segura lined out to first. Bourn safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Difo, Drury to second. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bourn out at second, Drury to third. Lamb singled to right, Drury scored, Goldschmidt to second. Castillo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Nationals 10 - Diamondbacks 4.	Ramos, Nationals rout Diamondbacks for second straight night