Braves - Top 1st. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Inciarte grounded out to first. García singled to right. Freeman walked, García to second. Kemp struck out swinging. Markakis singled to left, García scored, Freeman to second. Flowers doubled to left, Freeman scored, Markakis to third. Peterson walked. Swanson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Whalen pitching for Braves. Segura flied out to right. Bourn struck out looking. Goldschmidt lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Whalen grounded out to second. Inciarte walked. García singled to center, Inciarte to third. Freeman struck out swinging. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Whalen pitching for Braves. Tomás lined out to center. Castillo walked. Lamb flied out to left. Haniger lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Markakis lined out to first. Flowers hit by pitch. Peterson singled to center, Flowers to second. Swanson singled to right, Flowers to third, Peterson to second. Whalen struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded into fielder's choice to third, Swanson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Whalen pitching for Braves. Owings grounded out to second. Bradley struck out looking. Segura walked. Bourn walked, Segura to second. Goldschmidt walked, Segura to third, Bourn to second. Tomás singled to left, Segura and Bourn scored, Goldschmidt to second. Castillo hit by pitch, Goldschmidt to third, Tomás to second. Lamb hit ground rule double to deep right, Goldschmidt and Tomás scored, Castillo to third. Weber pitching for Braves. Haniger grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. García doubled to deep right. Freeman grounded out to shortstop, García to third. Kemp hit sacrifice fly to center, García scored. Markakis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Weber pitching for Braves. Owings grounded out to second. Bradley flied out to right. Segura grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Flowers struck out looking. Peterson struck out swinging. Swanson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Weber pitching for Braves. Bourn grounded out to first. Goldschmidt lined out to center. Tomás grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Beckham hit for Weber. Beckham flied out to right. Inciarte lined out to left. García grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Roe pitching for Braves. Castillo struck out swinging. Lamb grounded out to second. Haniger grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Escobar pitching for Diamondbacks. Freeman struck out swinging. Kemp singled to center. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kemp out at second. Flowers walked, Markakis to second. Peterson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Ramírez pitching for Braves. Owings tripled to deep center. Gosselin hit for Escobar. Gosselin struck out swinging. Segura hit by pitch. Bourn struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Drury in left field. Haniger in right field. Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks. Swanson singled to center. Francoeur hit for Ramírez. Francoeur struck out swinging. Inciarte singled to right, Swanson to third. García struck out swinging. Freeman walked, Inciarte to second. Kemp doubled to deep right, Swanson and Inciarte scored, Freeman to third, Freeman scored, Kemp to third on error by right fielder Haniger. Markakis grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Cabrera pitching for Braves. Francoeur in left field. Drury struck out swinging. Castillo struck out looking. Lamb doubled to deep right center. Haniger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Leone pitching for Diamondbacks. Flowers singled to left center. Peterson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Flowers out at second. Peterson stole second, Peterson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Castillo. Swanson hit sacrifice fly to center, Peterson scored. Francoeur struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Johnson pitching for Braves. Owings lined out to first. Weeks Jr. hit for Leone. Weeks Jr. struck out swinging. Segura reached on infield single to third. Bourn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 7 - Diamondbacks 4.	Kemp's bases-loaded double lifts Braves past D-backs