Diamondbacks - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Pollock walked. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pollock out at second. Goldschmidt stole second. Castillo lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon grounded out to second. LeMahieu struck out looking. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Tomás singled to left. Lamb walked, Tomás to second. Drury grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lamb out at second, Tomás to third. Owings intentionally walked. Ray grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. González lined out to left. Raburn walked. Raburn to second on wild pitch by Ray. Hundley walked. Cardullo grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Hundley out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Segura grounded out to second. Pollock walked. Goldschmidt safe at first on error by third baseman Arenado, Pollock to second. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Goldschmidt out at second, Pollock to third. Tomás singled to right, Pollock scored, Castillo to second. Lamb struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Adames grounded out to third. De La Rosa fouled out to left. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Drury singled to left. Owings singled to right, Drury to second. Ray sacrificed to catcher, Drury to third, Owings to second, Ray safe at second on throwing error by pitcher De La Rosa. Owings and Drury scored on throwing error by pitcher De La Rosa. Segura lined out to shortstop. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center, Ray scored. Goldschmidt stole third. Castillo singled to left, Goldschmidt scored. Tomás doubled to left, Castillo to third. Lamb flied out to left. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu grounded out to second. Arenado popped out to first. González singled to right. Raburn grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, González out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Drury grounded out to third. Owings flied out to right. Ray struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley singled to center. Cardullo singled to left, Hundley to second. Adames singled to center, Hundley scored, Cardullo to second. Murphy hit for De La Rosa. Murphy singled to left, Cardullo to third, Adames to second. Blackmon singled to center, Cardullo and Adames scored, Murphy to third. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Murphy out at home, Blackmon to second. Arenado singled to right, Blackmon scored, LeMahieu to third, LeMahieu scored, Arenado to second on throwing error by right fielder Tomás. González doubled to deep left, Arenado scored. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Raburn grounded out to shortstop. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Dahl in left field. Segura singled to right. Pollock homered to left (404 feet), Segura scored. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Castillo flied out to left. Tomás grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Tapia hit for Cardullo. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Tapia reached on infield single to shortstop. Adames sacrificed to catcher, Tapia to second. Dahl singled to right, Tapia scored. Blackmon walked, Dahl to second. LeMahieu lined out to center. Arenado grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Parra at first base. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Lamb struck out swinging. Drury grounded out to third. Owings singled to center, Owings out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Escobar pitching for Diamondbacks. González lined out to center. Reynolds hit for Lyles. Reynolds singled to left. Hundley popped out to shortstop. Parra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Reynolds at first base. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Weeks Jr. hit for Escobar. Weeks Jr. grounded out to shortstop. Segura flied out to right. Pollock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks. Adames grounded out to second. Dahl popped out to shortstop. Blackmon hit by pitch. Blackmon stole second, Blackmon safe at third on throwing error by catcher Castillo. LeMahieu walked. Arenado singled to left, Blackmon scored, LeMahieu to second. LeMahieu stole third. LeMahieu scored on Burgos' wild pitch. González walked, Arenado to second. Reynolds walked, Arenado to third, González to second. Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley homered to left (415 feet), Arenado, González and Reynolds scored. Descalso hit for Estevez. Descalso homered to right (377 feet). Adames grounded out to pitcher. 7 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. Castillo struck out swinging. Tomás struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 7 - Rockies 14.	Hundley's grand slam helps Rockies beat Diamondbacks, 14-7