Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Segura singled to center. Owings singled to center, Segura to second. Segura stole third, Owings stole second. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop, Segura scored. Castillo flied out to center, Owings to third. Drury struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Turner struck out swinging. Revere flied out to left. Rendon singled to center. Robinson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rendon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Tomás singled to right. Lamb walked, Tomás to second. Haniger grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lamb out at second, Tomás to third. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Werth walked. Goodwin lined out to center. Espinosa flied out to left. Lobatón grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Segura reached on infield single to pitcher. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to second, Segura out at second. Goldschmidt lined out to left. Owings stole second, Owings safe at third on throwing error by catcher Lobatón. Castillo walked. Drury doubled to deep right, Owings scored, Castillo to third. Tomás intentionally walked. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tomás out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Turner singled to center. Turner caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Revere struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Haniger struck out swinging. Miller struck out swinging. Segura reached on infield single to third. Owings singled to right, Segura to second. Goldschmidt singled to left, Segura scored, Owings to third. Belisle pitching for Nationals. Castillo lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Rendon singled to center. Robinson struck out swinging. Werth grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rendon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Belisle pitching for Nationals. Drury flied out to right. Tomás grounded out to shortstop. Lamb grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Goodwin singled to right center. Espinosa struck out swinging. Lobatón singled to center, Goodwin to second. Drew hit for Belisle. Drew grounded out to first, Goodwin to third, Lobatón to second. Turner flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Martin pitching for Nationals. Haniger popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Nationals 0.	Diamondbacks beat Nationals in rain-shortened game