Padres - Top 1st. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Jankowski singled to shallow center. Margot grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jankowski out at second. Myers doubled to right, Margot to third. Solarte struck out swinging. Dickerson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Jackson pitching for Padres. Segura walked. Lamb fouled out to left, Segura to second. Goldschmidt flied out to right, Segura to third. Castillo singled to center, Segura scored. Drury struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Schimpf walked. Hedges hit by pitch, Schimpf to second. Sardiñas grounded out to first, Schimpf to third, Hedges to second. Jackson struck out swinging. Jankowski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Jackson pitching for Padres. Owings flied out to center. Brito struck out swinging. Haniger flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Margot grounded out to shortstop. Myers lined out to first. Solarte bunt grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Jackson pitching for Padres. Shipley grounded out to third. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Lamb walked. Lamb to second on wild pitch by Jackson. Goldschmidt homered to center (428 feet), Lamb scored. Castillo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson doubled to right. Schimpf homered to center (469 feet), Dickerson scored. Hedges grounded out to shortstop. Sardiñas singled to center. Jackson singled to center, Sardiñas to second. Jankowski grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jackson out at second, Sardiñas to third. Margot doubled to right, Sardiñas scored, Jankowski to third. Myers lined out to center. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Jackson pitching for Padres. Drury singled to center. Owings grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Drury out at second. Brito lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Solarte grounded out to first. Dickerson walked. Schimpf flied out to center. Hedges grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dickerson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Jackson pitching for Padres. Haniger singled to left. Shipley sacrificed to first, Haniger to second. Segura lined out to right. Lamb grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Sardiñas singled to right. Jackson struck out swinging. Jankowski grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sardiñas out at second, Jankowski to second on throwing error by shortstop Owings. Margot grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Jackson pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt flied out to center. Castillo struck out swinging. Drury doubled to deep right. Owings homered to right (388 feet), Drury scored. Brito struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Myers flied out to left. Solarte struck out swinging. Dickerson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Morrow pitching for Padres. Haniger flied out to right. Corbin struck out swinging. Segura grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Schimpf struck out looking. Hedges lined out to right. Sardiñas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Hessler pitching for Padres. Lamb lined out to right. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Castillo fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Jay hit for Quackenbush. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Jay struck out swinging. Renfroe hit for Jankowski. Renfroe singled to left, Renfroe to second on error by left fielder Drury. Margot grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Renfroe out at third. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Margot to second on fielder's indifference. Myers popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 3 - Diamondbacks 5.	Goldschmidt, Owings homer, D-Backs beat Padres 5-3