Padres - Top 1st. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Margot grounded out to shortstop. Jay struck out swinging. Myers struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Richard pitching for Padres. Segura safe at first on error by second baseman Asuaje. Owings singled to shallow right, Segura to second. Segura stole third. Owings stole second. Goldschmidt walked. Segura scored, Owings to third, Goldschmidt to second on passed ball by Norris. Drury singled to shallow left, Owings scored. Goldschmidt stole third. Drury stole second. Tomás homered to right (386 feet), Goldschmidt and Drury scored. Haniger grounded out to shortstop. Lamb grounded out to third. Hernández grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 2nd. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Solarte singled to center. Renfroe singled to center, Solarte to second. Asuaje singled to center, Solarte scored, Renfroe to second. Norris popped out to second. Sardiñas flied out to center. Richard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Richard pitching for Padres. Bradley grounded out to first. Segura walked. Owings grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Segura out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Margot lined out to shortstop. Jay struck out swinging. Myers singled to right center. Solarte doubled to right, Myers scored. Renfroe lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Richard pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Drury grounded out to second. Tomás singled to left. Haniger singled to right, Tomás out at home, Tomás to third advancing on play. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Asuaje flied out to center. Norris struck out swinging. Sardiñas reached on infield single to shortstop. Richard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Richard pitching for Padres. Lamb grounded out to third. Hernández popped out to shortstop. Bradley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Margot struck out swinging. Jay hit ground rule double to deep left center. Myers grounded out to third, Jay to third. Solarte grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Richard pitching for Padres. Segura doubled to right, Segura to third on error by right fielder Renfroe. Owings hit sacrifice fly to left, Segura scored. Goldschmidt walked. Goldschmidt stole second. Drury walked, Goldschmidt stole third, Goldschmidt scored on error by third baseman Solarte. Drury batting. Domínguez pitching for Padres. Tomás grounded into double play, third to second to first, Drury out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Renfroe struck out looking. Asuaje popped out to shortstop. Norris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Dominguez pitching for Padres. Haniger flied out to center. Lamb reached on infield single to shortstop. Hernández grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lamb out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Sardiñas struck out swinging. Amarista hit for Domínguez. Amarista struck out swinging. Margot flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Gosselin hit for Bradley. Gosselin grounded out to pitcher. Segura tripled to deep center. Owings hit sacrifice fly to center, Segura scored. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Gosselin at second base. Jay tripled to right. Myers singled to center, Jay scored. Solarte grounded out to second, Myers to second. Renfroe doubled to deep right, Myers scored. Asuaje grounded out to shortstop, Renfroe to third. Norris singled to right, Renfroe scored. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Schimpf hit for Sardiñas. Norris to second on wild pitch by Delgado. Schimpf walked. Dickerson hit for Quackenbush. Hathaway pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Rosales at shortstop. Campos pitching for Padres. Drury popped out to first. Tomás grounded out to shortstop. Haniger homered to center (406 feet). Lamb singled to center. Jensen hit for Hernández. Jensen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Brito in right field. Gosewisch catching. Margot flied out to center. Jay grounded out to first. Myers grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 5 - Diamondbacks 9.	Tomas homers, D-backs have 6 steals in 9-5 win over Padres