Angels - Top 1st . Silva pitching for Twins . Erstad singled to center . Figgins doubled to deep right , Erstad scored , Figgins out stretching at third . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Anderson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Byrd pitching for Angels . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Bartlett flied out to center . Mauer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Silva pitching for Twins . Finley struck out swinging . Cabrera homered to left . McPherson grounded out to pitcher . Paul flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Byrd pitching for Angels . Morneau singled to left . Hunter safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera , Morneau to second . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hunter out at second , Morneau to third . Ford singled to left , Morneau scored , Jones to second . Cuddyer grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ford out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 3rd . Silva pitching for Twins . DaVanon flied out to center . Erstad grounded out to first . Figgins singled to center . Guerrero doubled to deep left center , Figgins scored . Anderson singled to center , Guerrero scored . Finley popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Byrd pitching for Angels . Punto lined out to pitcher . Stewart lined out to third . Bartlett popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Silva pitching for Twins . Cabrera doubled to left . McPherson singled to center , Cabrera to third . Paul popped into double play , shortstop to first , McPherson doubled off first . DaVanon bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Byrd pitching for Angels . Mauer singled to left . Morneau singled to right , Mauer to third . Hunter lined out to third . Jones hit sacrifice fly to center , Mauer scored . Ford struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Silva pitching for Twins . Erstad doubled to deep left center . Figgins reached on bunt single to third , Erstad to third . Figgins stole second . Guerrero lined out to shortstop . Anderson intentionally walked . Finley grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Byrd pitching for Angels . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Punto reached on bunt single to third . Punto stole second , Punto safe at third on throwing error by catcher Paul . Stewart grounded out to second , Punto scored . Bartlett struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 6th . Silva pitching for Twins . Cabrera grounded out to third . McPherson flied out to center . Paul reached on infield single to second . DaVanon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Byrd pitching for Angels . Mauer flied out to left . Morneau doubled to deep left . Hunter flied out to right , Morneau to third . Jones intentionally walked . Ford singled to left center , Morneau scored , Jones to third . Cuddyer doubled to center , Jones scored , Ford to third . Punto grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Silva pitching for Twins . Erstad grounded out to shortstop . Figgins struck out swinging . Guerrero popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Byrd pitching for Angels . Stewart singled to center . Woods pitching for Angels . Bartlett grounded into double play , third to second to first , Stewart out at second . Romero pitching for Twins . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Romero pitching for Twins . Anderson singled to deep right . Finley flied out to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . McPherson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Yan pitching for Angels . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . Hunter doubled to right . Jones intentionally walked . Ford walked , Hunter to third , Jones to second . Cuddyer hit ground rule double to deep center , Hunter and Jones scored , Ford to third . Punto grounded out to second . Nathan pitching for Twins . Rivera hit for Paul . Stewart grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Rivera popped out to second . DaVanon flied out to left . Erstad flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 4 - Twins 7 .	Twins ride Ford , Cuddyer to comeback win vs. Angels