Rangers - Top 1st . Colon pitching for Angels . Dellucci singled to left . Mench flied out to center . Teixeira walked , Dellucci to second . Blalock popped out to shortstop . Soriano reached on infield single to shortstop , Dellucci to third , Teixeira to second . Hidalgo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Figgins singled to right . Erstad reached on bunt single to third , Figgins to second . Guerrero singled to deep left , Figgins scored , Erstad to second . Anderson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guerrero out at second , Erstad to third . Molina singled to left , Erstad scored . DaVanon walked , Molina to second . McPherson doubled to deep right , Molina and DaVanon scored . Izturis reached on infield single to second , McPherson to third . Kennedy singled to left , McPherson scored , Izturis to second . Figgins popped out to first . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Colon pitching for Angels . Nix flied out to left . Derosa grounded out to shortstop . Barajas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Ho Park pitching for Rangers . Erstad singled to right . Guerrero singled to left , Erstad to second . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Anderson singled to right , Erstad to third , Guerrero to second . Molina walked , Erstad scored , Guerrero to third , Anderson to second . DaVanon flied out to left . McPherson singled to left , Guerrero scored , Anderson to third , Molina to second . Izturis singled to left , Anderson scored , Molina to third , McPherson to second . Kennedy grounded into double play , second to first , Izturis out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Colon pitching for Angels . Dellucci struck out swinging . Mench singled to left . Teixeira hit by pitch , Mench to second . Blalock walked , Mench to third , Teixeira to second . Soriano struck out swinging . Hidalgo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Figgins flied out to center . Erstad flied out to left . Guerrero singled to right . Anderson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Colon pitching for Angels . Nix doubled to deep center . Derosa singled to center , Nix to third . Barajas struck out swinging . Dellucci homered to right , Nix and Derosa scored . Mench grounded out to third . Teixeira struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Molina grounded out to shortstop . DaVanon fouled out to catcher . McPherson lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Colon pitching for Angels . Blalock struck out looking . Soriano grounded out to second . Hidalgo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Izturis grounded out to second . Kennedy flied out to left . Figgins safe at first on error by pitcher Wasdin . Erstad doubled to deep right , Figgins thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 6th . Colon pitching for Angels . Nix struck out looking . Derosa flied out to center . Barajas flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Guerrero flied out to center . Anderson flied out to center . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Dellucci grounded out to second . Mench doubled to deep left . Teixeira doubled to deep right , Mench scored . Blalock flied out to right . Soriano struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . DaVanon flied out to left . McPherson flied out to left . Izturis safe at first on error by pitcher Shouse . Shields pitching for Angels . Kennedy grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Hidalgo struck out swinging . Nix grounded out to third . Loe pitching for Rangers . Derosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Erstad struck out swinging . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Barajas singled to center . Dellucci struck out swinging . Mench walked , Barajas to second . Teixeira singled to center , Barajas scored , Mench to third . Blalock singled to right , Mench scored , Teixeira to second . Matthews Jr ran for Blalock . Soriano struck out swinging . Hidalgo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matthews Jr out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 6 - Angels 8 .	Dallas , Darin lead Angels in roughing up Park , Rangers