Mariners - Top 1st . Washburn pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to right . Winn grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . Ibanez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Figgins singled to right . Erstad grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Figgins out at second . Guerrero grounded into double play , second to first , Erstad out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Washburn pitching for Angels . Sexson grounded out to third . Beltre singled to center . Bloomquist lined out to left . Morse singled to left center , Beltre to third . Lopez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Anderson struck out swinging . Molina flied out to center . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Washburn pitching for Angels . Borders struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to third . Winn popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Izturis popped out to pitcher . DaVanon singled to right . Kennedy struck out swinging , DaVanon stole second . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Washburn pitching for Angels . Ibanez grounded out to shortstop . Sexson singled to left . Beltre struck out swinging . Bloomquist singled to right , Sexson to second . Morse doubled to right , Sexson scored , Bloomquist to third . Lopez flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Erstad singled to left center . Guerrero fouled out to first . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Erstad out at second . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Washburn pitching for Angels . Borders hit ground rule double to deep center . Suzuki struck out swinging . Winn flied out to right . Ibanez doubled to deep center , Borders scored . Sexson walked . Beltre grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Rivera flied out to right . Izturis flied out to left . DaVanon walked . Kennedy lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Washburn pitching for Angels . Bloomquist walked . Morse flied out to center . Peralta pitching for Angels . Lopez singled to left , Bloomquist to second . Borders doubled to left , Bloomquist scored , Lopez to third . Suzuki intentionally walked . Winn homered to right , Lopez , Borders and Suzuki scored . Ibanez singled to right . Sexson walked , Ibanez to second . Beltre struck out swinging . Bloomquist grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sexson out at second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Figgins singled to center . Erstad struck out swinging . Guerrero doubled to left , Figgins to third . Anderson struck out swinging . Molina homered to left , Figgins and Guerrero scored . Rivera flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Peralta pitching for Angels . Morse struck out swinging . Lopez struck out swinging . Borders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Izturis fouled out to third . Villone pitching for Mariners . DaVanon homered to left . Kennedy singled to center . Figgins grounded out to third , Kennedy to second . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Erstad walked . Woods pitching for Angels . Guerrero flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Woods pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to left . Winn flied out to right . Suzuki stole second , Suzuki safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Erstad . Gregg pitching for Angels . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki scored , Ibanez safe at second on error by second baseman Kennedy . Sexson flied out to center . Beltre flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Anderson doubled to deep right center . Molina grounded out to second , Anderson to third . Putz pitching for Mariners . Rivera walked . Izturis struck out looking . Anderson caught stealing home , catcher to shortstop to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Bloomquist walked . Morse singled to left , Bloomquist to third . Lopez hit by pitch , Morse to second . Borders grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Bloomquist out at home , Morse to third , Lopez to second . Suzuki singled to center , Morse and Lopez scored . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Winn flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Guardado pitching for Mariners . DaVanon singled to center . Kennedy singled to left , DaVanon to second . Figgins struck out swinging . Erstad fouled out to third . Guerrero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 10 - Angels 4 .	Moyer wins 200th game as M 's thump Angels