Blue Jays - Top 1st . Washburn pitching for Angels . Johnson struck out swinging . Hudson doubled to deep left center . Wells grounded out to second , Hudson to third . Hillenbrand singled to right , Hudson scored . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hillenbrand out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Figgins singled to center . Figgins stole second . Cabrera singled to right center , Figgins scored . Erstad flied out to left . Guerrero grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Washburn pitching for Angels . Zaun struck out looking . Koskie popped out to third . Menechino walked . Rios flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Molina walked . Kotchman reached on bunt single to third , Molina to second . Izturis lined out to center . Finley fouled out to third . Kennedy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Washburn pitching for Angels . Johnson singled to left . Hudson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . Wells walked . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Figgins lined out to shortstop . Cabrera popped out to second . Adams hit for Hill . Erstad grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Washburn pitching for Angels . Adams reached on infield single to shortstop . Zaun grounded into double play , third to second to first , Adams out at second . Adams at shortstop . Koskie fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Guerrero grounded out to third . Molina hit by pitch . Kotchman lined out to third . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Washburn pitching for Angels . Menechino walked . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Menechino out at second . Johnson singled to left center , Rios to third . Hudson singled to right , Rios scored , Johnson to second . Wells singled to center , Johnson scored , Hudson to second . Hillenbrand flied out to center . Adams reached on infield single to shortstop , Hudson out at home , Wells to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Finley grounded out to second . Kennedy flied out to left . Figgins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Washburn pitching for Angels . Zaun flied out to center . Koskie struck out swinging . Menechino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera singled to left . Erstad singled to left , Cabrera to second . Guerrero singled to left , Cabrera to third , Erstad to second . Molina lined out to second . Peralta pitching for Angels . Kotchman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guerrero out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Peralta pitching for Angels . Rios flied out to center . Johnson fouled out to catcher . Hudson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Izturis struck out looking . Finley grounded out to first . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Kennedy singled to right . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Figgins singled to left , Kennedy to second . Cabrera fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Peralta pitching for Angels . Wells struck out swinging . Hillenbrand singled to center . Yan pitching for Angels . Adams doubled to deep right , Hillenbrand scored , Adams to third advancing on throw . Zaun grounded out to pitcher . Hinske hit for Menechino . Koskie walked . Hinske flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Erstad safe at first on error by shortstop Adams . Guerrero flied out to right . Molina flied out to right . Kotchman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Yan pitching for Angels . Rios singled to right center . Johnson sacrificed to pitcher , Rios to second . Hudson grounded out to second . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Izturis grounded out to first . Finley grounded out to first . Kennedy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 4 - Angels 1 .	Towers ' road streak continues as streaking Jays top Angels