Angels - Top 1st . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Figgins singled to left . Figgins stole second , Figgins safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hall . Cabrera walked . Erstad struck out swinging , Cabrera stole second . Guerrero intentionally walked . Anderson struck out swinging . Molina singled to left , Figgins and Cabrera scored , Guerrero to second . Rivera safe at first on error by third baseman Gonzalez , Guerrero to third , Molina to second . Quinlan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rivera out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Lugo struck out swinging . Crawford doubled to right center . Crawford stole third . Cantu doubled to left , Crawford scored . Huff flied out to right , Cantu to third . Lee flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Izturis popped out to second . Figgins struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Gomes flied out to center . Gonzalez flied out to center . Hall singled to right . Gathright reached on infield single to shortstop , Hall to third , Gathright to second on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . Lugo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 3rd . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Erstad grounded out to second . Guerrero grounded out to third . Anderson singled to center . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Crawford flied out to left . Cantu flied out to right . Huff singled to center . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Rivera flied out to left . Quinlan walked . Izturis homered to left , Quinlan scored . Figgins flied out to left . Cabrera singled to left . Erstad flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Gomes walked . Gonzalez singled to left , Gomes to second . Hall doubled to deep left , Gomes scored , Gonzalez to third . Gathright popped out to pitcher . Lugo grounded out to shortstop , Gonzalez scored . Crawford singled to center , Hall scored , Crawford to second advancing on throw . Cantu homered to left , Crawford scored . Gregg pitching for Angels . Huff doubled to deep center . Lee homered to right , Huff scored . Gomes homered to left . Gonzalez walked . Hall singled to right , Gonzalez to third . Gathright singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Hall to second . Lugo popped out to second . 9 Runs , 9 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Guerrero singled to left . Anderson struck out swinging . Molina singled to left center , Guerrero to second . Rivera singled to center , Guerrero scored , Molina to second . Quinlan hit ground rule double to deep right , Molina scored , Rivera to third . Izturis hit sacrifice fly to right , Rivera scored , Quinlan to third . Figgins lined out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Crawford grounded out to second . Cantu grounded out to second . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Huff popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Cabrera flied out to center . Erstad grounded out to second . Guerrero singled to center . Anderson doubled to deep right , Guerrero to third . Yan pitching for Angels . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Yan pitching for Angels . Lee grounded out to second . Gomes walked . Gomes caught stealing second , catcher to second . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Rivera walked . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Quinlan singled to left , Rivera to second . Izturis reached on infield single to pitcher , Rivera scored , Quinlan to third , Izturis to second on throwing error by pitcher Miller . Borowski pitching for Devil Rays . Figgins struck out swinging . Cabrera popped out to second . Erstad struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Yan pitching for Angels . Hall grounded out to second . Gathright doubled to left . Lugo walked . Crawford flied out to center . Cantu doubled to deep right , Gathright and Lugo scored . Hollins in right field . Huff flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Borowski pitching for Devil Rays . Guerrero flied out to right . Anderson lined out to second . Peralta pitching for Angels . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Peralta pitching for Angels . Lee lined out to first . Gomes singled to left . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gomes out at second . Hall singled to right , Gonzalez to second . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Gathright grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Rivera flied out to left . Quinlan reached on infield single to shortstop . Izturis lined into double play , third to shortstop to first , Quinlan doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 8 - Devil Rays 12 .	Devil Rays order home plate special , outslug Angels