Angels - Top 1st . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Figgins singled to left . Figgins caught stealing second , catcher to second . Cabrera doubled to right . Anderson grounded out to first , Cabrera to third . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Byrd pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Reed grounded out to second . Ibanez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Erstad grounded out to shortstop . Molina grounded out to third . Finley popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Byrd pitching for Angels . Sexson walked . Beltre struck out swinging . Dobbs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sexson out at second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dobbs out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Rivera singled to center . Kennedy grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rivera out at second . Figgins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Byrd pitching for Angels . Betancourt singled to left . Torrealba sacrificed to pitcher , Betancourt to second . Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher , Betancourt scored , Suzuki to second on throwing error by pitcher Byrd . Reed lined out to third . Ibanez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 4th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Cabrera flied out to center . Anderson popped out to shortstop . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Byrd pitching for Angels . Sexson flied out to center . Beltre singled to center . Dobbs flied out to center , Beltre thrown out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Erstad fouled out to first . Molina struck out looking . Finley fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Byrd pitching for Angels . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt singled to left . Betancourt caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Torrealba struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy flied out to right . Figgins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Byrd pitching for Angels . Suzuki lined out to shortstop . Reed singled to center . Ibanez struck out swinging . Sexson lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Cabrera flied out to center . Anderson flied out to center . Guerrero singled to center . Erstad singled to right , Guerrero to third . Molina singled to right , Guerrero scored , Erstad to third . Finley fouled out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Byrd pitching for Angels . Beltre flied out to right . Dobbs singled to left center . Lopez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dobbs out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Rivera grounded out to second . Kennedy flied out to left . Figgins popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Byrd pitching for Angels . Betancourt flied out to center . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Cabrera singled to left . Anderson hit ground rule double to deep right , Cabrera to third . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Guerrero intentionally walked . Putz pitching for Mariners . Erstad grounded into double play , third to catcher , Anderson out at third , Cabrera out at home , Guerrero to second , Erstad to first . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Byrd pitching for Angels . Reed reached on bunt single to second . Shields pitching for Angels . Izturis in center field . Ibanez singled to right center , Reed to third . Figgins in center field . Izturis at third base . Sexson grounded into double play , second to center to first , Ibanez out at second . Beltre intentionally walked . Beltre to second on fielder 's indifference . Dobbs singled to center , Reed scored , Beltre to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 1 - Mariners 2 .	Angels ca n't take advantage of A 's loss , fall to M 's