Phillies - Top 1st. Tomlin pitching for Braves. McCutchen flied out to left. Hoskins singled to left. Harper struck out swinging. Realmuto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Swanson hit ground rule double to deep left. Freeman walked. d'Arnaud grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Freeman out at second, Swanson to third. Ozuna grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Tomlin pitching for Braves. Gregorius popped out to second. Segura grounded out to third. Bohm homered to center (446 feet). Knapp singled to right. Haseley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Adams walked. Duvall struck out looking. Riley struck out looking. Camargo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Tomlin pitching for Braves. McCutchen singled to left. Hoskins homered to left (397 feet), McCutchen scored. Harper struck out swinging. Realmuto flied out to center. Gregorius homered to right (398 feet). Segura struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Inciarte walked. Swanson doubled to deep left, Inciarte to third. Freeman doubled to deep left, Inciarte scored and Swanson scored. d'Arnaud grounded out to catcher, Freeman to third. Ozuna singled to shallow left, Freeman scored. Adams flied out to center. Duvall flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Toussaint pitching for Braves. Bohm singled to right. Knapp hit by pitch, Bohm to second. Haseley sacrificed, Haseley to first on fielding error by pitcher Toussaint, Knapp to second, Bohm to third. McCutchen singled to left, Bohm scored, Haseley to second, Knapp to third. Hoskins struck out looking. Harper popped out to second. Realmuto flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 4th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Riley grounded out to shortstop. Camargo flied out to left. Inciarte struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Toussaint pitching for Braves. Gregorius walked. Segura lined out to right. Gregorius to second on wild pitch by Toussaint. Bohm walked. Matzek pitching for Braves. Knapp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bohm out at second, Gregorius to third. Quinn hit for Haseley. Quinn walked, Knapp to second. McCutchen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Quinn in center field. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Swanson doubled to deep right center. Freeman flied out to left, Swanson to third. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Matzek pitching for Braves. Hoskins struck out swinging. Harper struck out swinging. Realmuto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Adams struck out swinging. Duvall safe at first on error by first baseman Hoskins. Riley doubled to left, Duvall to third. Hembree pitching for Phillies. Camargo struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 7th. Martin pitching for Braves. Gregorius grounded out to third. Segura struck out swinging. Bohm singled to deep right. Knapp flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Hembree pitching for Phillies. Swanson struck out swinging. Freeman grounded out to shortstop. d'Arnaud singled to right, d'Arnaud out stretching at first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Smith pitching for Braves. Quinn flied out to right. McCutchen lined out to left. Hoskins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Hunter pitching for Phillies. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. Adams struck out looking. Duvall struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Jackson pitching for Braves. Harper grounded out to second. Realmuto singled to left. Gregorius grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Realmuto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Workman pitching for Phillies. Riley singled to center. Camargo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Riley out at second. Hechavarria hit for Inciarte. Hechavarria walked, Camargo to second. Swanson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hechavarria to second, Camargo out at third. Freeman doubled to deep left center, Hechavarria scored, Swanson thrown out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Braves 4.	Phillies use long ball, strong bullpen outing to beat Braves