Phillies - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Rollins walked . Polanco hit by pitch , Rollins to second . Utley singled to right , Rollins to third , Polanco to second . Howard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rollins scored , Utley out at second , Polanco to third . Werth walked . Polanco scored , Werth to second on wild pitch by Marquis . Ibanez walked . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ibanez out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Morgan walked . Morgan stole second . Desmond struck out swinging . Zimmerman grounded out to second , Morgan to third . Dunn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Ruiz struck out swinging . Hamels flied out to left . Rollins doubled to center . Polanco lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Willingham singled to shallow center . Rodriguez flied out to center . Morse struck out swinging . Willingham stole second . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Utley lined out to first . Howard struck out swinging . Werth grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Marquis grounded out to second . Morgan grounded out to first . Desmond homered to center ( 416 feet ) . Zimmerman walked . Dunn walked , Zimmerman to second . Willingham singled to left , Zimmerman scored , Dunn to second . Rodriguez reached on infield single to pitcher , Dunn to third , Willingham to second . Morse grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Ibanez grounded out to second . Victorino reached on infield single to third . Ruiz singled to left , Victorino to second . Hamels singled to center , Victorino scored , Ruiz to third . Rollins grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hamels out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Kennedy lined out to right . Marquis struck out swinging . Morgan safe at second on error by first baseman Howard . Desmond doubled to deep left , Morgan scored . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Polanco doubled to center . Utley singled to left , Polanco scored . Howard homered to center ( 444 feet ) , Utley scored . Werth struck out swinging . Ibanez grounded out to second . Victorino struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Dunn walked . Willingham flied out to center . Rodriguez flied out to left . Morse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Walker pitching for Nationals . Ruiz flied out to right . Gload fouled out to third . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Kennedy flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Morgan bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . English pitching for Nationals . Polanco reached on infield single to pitcher . Utley walked , Polanco to second . Howard flied out to center . Werth walked , Polanco to third , Utley to second . Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to right , Polanco scored , Utley to third . Victorino flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Desmond struck out looking . Zimmerman singled to right . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham walked , Zimmerman to second . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Ruiz singled to right . Dobbs flied out to right . Rollins walked , Ruiz to second . Polanco grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Rollins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Baez pitching for Phillies . Guzman tripled to deep center . Kennedy hit sacrifice fly to right , Guzman scored . Harris doubled to deep right . Morgan popped out to shortstop . Desmond struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Nationals . Utley safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond . Howard doubled to deep right center , Utley scored . Werth flied out to center , Howard to third . Ibanez flied out to left . Victorino walked . Ruiz intentionally walked , Victorino to second . Madson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Dunn singled to left center . Willingham singled to center , Dunn to second . Rodriguez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Willingham out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 8 - Nationals 4 .	Howard pulls Phillies to win