Braves - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . McLouth doubled to deep center . Prado safe at first on error by right fielder Bernadina , McLouth to third . Jones struck out looking . McCann walked , Prado to second . Glaus hit sacrifice fly to center , McLouth scored , Prado to third . Heyward walked , McCann to second . Cabrera grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Morgan reached on bunt single to third . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morgan out at second . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Guzman caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Infante grounded out to shortstop . Kawakami grounded out to third . McLouth grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Dunn flied out to center . Willingham homered to left ( 395 feet ) . Rodriguez singled to center . Bernadina singled to right center , Rodriguez to third . Desmond singled to center , Rodriguez scored , Bernadina to second . Hernandez sacrificed to first , Bernadina to third , Desmond to second . Morgan grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Prado flied out to center . Jones hit ground rule double to deep left . McCann grounded out to shortstop , Jones to third . Glaus lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Guzman grounded out to second . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Dunn flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Heyward homered to center ( 421 feet ) . Cabrera flied out to left . Infante grounded out to shortstop . Kawakami singled to center . McLouth walked , Kawakami to second . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McLouth out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Willingham grounded out to third . Rodriguez flied out to center . Bernadina popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Jones grounded out to second . McCann reached on infield single to shortstop , McCann to second on throwing error by shortstop Desmond . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . Heyward intentionally walked . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Desmond homered to center ( 405 feet ) . Hernandez flied out to left . Morgan grounded out to shortstop . Guzman singled to right . Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Infante grounded out to pitcher . Conrad walked . McLouth struck out swinging , Conrad stole second . Prado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Dunn homered to right ( 439 feet ) . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Bernadina grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Jones singled to center . McCann struck out swinging . Glaus flied out to center . Heyward singled to right , Jones to second . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Venters pitching for Braves . Desmond flied out to center . Maxwell walked . Morgan grounded out to second , Maxwell to second . Guzman singled to left , Maxwell scored . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Guzman out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Infante flied out to left . Hinske flied out to right . McLouth struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Chavez pitching for Braves . Dunn walked . Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher , Taveras to second . Rodriguez singled to left , Taveras to third . Bernadina reached on infield single to first , Taveras scored , Rodriguez to second . Desmond struck out looking . Maxwell struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Batista pitching for Nationals . Prado flied out to center . Jones walked . Jones to second on wild pitch by Batista . McCann singled to center , Jones scored . Glaus grounded into double play , third to second to first , McCann out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 3 - Nationals 6 .	Hernandez preserves pristine ERA as Nats win