Braves - Top 1st . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Infante grounded out to third . Prado grounded out to third . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Morgan grounded out to pitcher . Kennedy grounded out to second . Zimmerman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Glaus fouled out to first . Diaz struck out looking . Ross struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Dunn singled to left center . Willingham struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Cabrera walked . McLouth struck out looking . Hudson sacrificed to catcher , Cabrera to second . Infante struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Bernadina grounded out to second . Olsen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Prado grounded out to second . Jones grounded out to third . Glaus popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Morgan grounded out to first . Kennedy singled to center . Zimmerman reached on infield single to third , Kennedy to second . Dunn grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Diaz struck out looking . Ross flied out to left . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Willingham grounded out to second . Rodriguez homered to left ( 392 feet ) . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Bernadina struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Olsen pitching for Nationals . McLouth grounded out to first . Hudson struck out looking . Infante struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Olsen grounded out to third . Morgan safe at first on error by third baseman Jones . Kennedy hit by pitch , Morgan to second . Zimmerman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kennedy out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 7th . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Glaus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Dunn homered to right ( 415 feet ) . Willingham struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Desmond struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Kennedy at first base . Gonzalez at second base . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Diaz struck out looking . Ross singled to left . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ross safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . McLouth singled to right , Ross to third , Cabrera to second . Heyward hit for Hudson . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Bernadina in left field . Maxwell in right field . Heyward singled to left , Ross and Cabrera scored , McLouth to second , McLouth to third on throwing error by left fielder Bernadina . Hicks ran for Heyward . Infante grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hicks out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Bernadina bunt grounded out to second . Maxwell struck out swinging . Morgan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Jones walked . Glaus reached on infield single to third , Jones to second , Jones to third on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . Diaz walked , Glaus to second . Ross grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Diaz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 9th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Kennedy walked . Moylan pitching for Braves . Zimmerman doubled to deep right , Kennedy to third . Guzman hit for Gonzalez . Guzman intentionally walked . Harris hit for Clippard . Harris singled to right center , Kennedy scored , Zimmerman to third , Guzman to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 2 - Nationals 3 .	Olsen takes no - hitter into 8th , Nats escape \n\n