Mets - Top 1st . Atilano pitching for Nationals . Reyes singled to right . Cora flied out to right . Bay singled to left , Reyes to second . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Reyes to third , Bay safe at second on error by shortstop Desmond . Wright doubled to deep right , Reyes , Bay and Davis scored . Pagan walked . Barajas lined into double play , pitcher to first , Pagan out at first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Maine pitching for Mets . Morgan walked . Valdes pitching for Mets . Kennedy lined into double play , second to first , Morgan doubled off first . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Atilano pitching for Nationals . Francoeur fouled out to catcher . Valdes singled to center . Reyes lined out to right . Cora grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Valdes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Valdes pitching for Mets . Dunn doubled to deep right . Willingham popped out to second . Rodriguez singled to left , Dunn to third . Bernadina grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Dunn scored , Rodriguez out at second . Desmond popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Atilano pitching for Nationals . Bay struck out swinging . Davis doubled to left . Wright flied out to center . Pagan popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Valdes pitching for Mets . Atilano struck out swinging . Morgan struck out looking . Kennedy reached on infield single to shortstop . Zimmerman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Atilano pitching for Nationals . Barajas fouled out to shortstop . Francoeur singled to left . Valdes grounded out to pitcher , Francoeur to second . Reyes intentionally walked . Cora grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Valdes pitching for Mets . Dunn grounded out to first . Willingham struck out looking . Rodriguez tripled to deep right . Bernadina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Atilano pitching for Nationals . Bay singled to left . Davis doubled to deep center , Bay to third . Wright hit sacrifice fly to center , Bay scored . Pagan intentionally walked . Barajas singled to center , Davis to third , Pagan to second . Walker pitching for Nationals . Morse in right field . Francoeur singled to center , Davis and Pagan scored , Barajas to second . Valdes sacrificed to catcher , Barajas to third , Francoeur to second , Valdes safe at first on error by pitcher Walker . Barajas to third on error by pitcher Walker . Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop , Barajas scored , Francoeur to third , Valdes to second . Cora hit sacrifice fly to left , Francoeur scored . Bay grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Valdes pitching for Mets . Desmond singled to center . Morse flied out to center . Morgan singled to center , Desmond to second . Kennedy flied out to left . Zimmerman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Walker pitching for Nationals . Davis singled to right . Wright lined out to center . Pagan struck out swinging . Barajas homered to left ( 396 feet ) , Davis scored . Francoeur popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Valdes pitching for Mets . Dunn doubled to deep left center . Willingham walked . Acosta pitching for Mets . Rodriguez walked , Dunn to third , Willingham to second . Harris hit for Walker . Harris singled to center , Dunn and Willingham scored , Rodriguez out at third . Desmond fouled out to third . Morse walked , Harris to second . Morgan struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Batista pitching for Nationals . Harris in center field . Matthews hit for Acosta . Matthews singled to left . Reyes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Matthews out at second . Cora grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Mejia pitching for Mets . Kennedy grounded out to second . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Dunn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Nieves catching . Batista pitching for Nationals . Bay singled to right center . Davis flied out to left . Wright grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Mejia pitching for Mets . Willingham lined out to center . Nieves doubled to deep right center . Harris grounded out to first , Nieves to third . Desmond singled to right , Nieves scored . Morse walked , Desmond to second . Gonzalez hit for Batista . Desmond to third , Morse to second on wild pitch by Mejia . Gonzalez walked . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Guzman hit for Kennedy . Guzman singled to center , Desmond scored , Morse to third , Gonzalez to second . Zimmerman walked , Morse scored , Gonzalez to third , Guzman to second . Dunn flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Gonzalez at second base . Guzman in right field . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Morse at first base . Pagan lined out to center . Barajas struck out swinging . Francoeur safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond . Tatis hit for Feliciano . Francoeur stole second . Tatis walked . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tatis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Mets . Willingham doubled to deep left . Nieves flied out to right , Willingham to third . Harris grounded out to second , Willingham scored . Desmond flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 10 - Nationals 7 .	Wright returns in style to lift Mets