Nationals - Top 1st . Myers pitching for Astros . Guzman flied out to center . Morgan lined out to right . Zimmerman walked . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Bourn walked . Keppinger singled to left , Bourn to third . Berkman doubled to deep center , Bourn and Keppinger scored . Lee singled to left , Berkman to third . Pence walked , Lee to second . Blum grounded out to first , Berkman scored , Lee to third , Pence to second . Feliz intentionally walked . Cash struck out swinging . Myers grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Feliz out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Myers pitching for Astros . Willingham popped out to first . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Bernadina struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Bourn grounded out to first . Keppinger reached on infield single to third . Berkman flied out to left . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Keppinger out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Myers pitching for Astros . Nieves singled to right . Stammen struck out swinging . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Nieves out at second . Morgan singled to left , Guzman to third . Zimmerman walked , Morgan to second . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Pence reached on infield single to third . Blum singled to right , Pence to third . Feliz hit sacrifice fly to right , Pence scored . Cash grounded out to third , Blum to second . Myers struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Myers pitching for Astros . Willingham grounded out to third . Desmond flied out to center . Bernadina struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Bourn grounded out to shortstop . Keppinger flied out to center . Berkman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Myers pitching for Astros . Nieves doubled to left . Stammen struck out swinging . Guzman singled to center , Nieves to third . Morgan safe at first on error by shortstop Blum , Nieves scored , Guzman to second . Zimmerman walked , Guzman to third , Morgan to second . Dunn grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Guzman and Morgan scored on throwing error by first baseman Berkman , Zimmerman safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Berkman . Willingham hit sacrifice fly to center , Zimmerman scored . Desmond struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Lee flied out to center . Pence homered to left ( 350 feet ) . Blum struck out swinging . Feliz singled to left . Cash singled to left center , Feliz to second . Myers grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Myers pitching for Astros . Bernadina grounded out to shortstop . Nieves grounded out to third . Morse hit for Stammen . Morse struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Bourn doubled to deep left . Keppinger sacrificed to pitcher , Bourn to third . Berkman singled to left , Bourn scored . Berkman to second on wild pitch by Storen . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Pence flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Myers pitching for Astros . Guzman popped out to shortstop . Morgan struck out swinging . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Blum struck out swinging . Feliz flied out to right . Cash singled to center . Michaels hit for Myers . Michaels grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Manzella at shortstop . Lyon pitching for Astros . Dunn walked . Willingham popped out to second . Desmond singled to left , Dunn to second . Bernadina walked , Dunn to third , Desmond to second . Harris hit for Nieves . Harris hit by pitch , Dunn scored , Desmond to third , Bernadina to second . Kennedy hit for Burnett . Kennedy batting . Guzman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Maldonado catching . Slaten pitching for Nationals . Slaten pitching for Nationals . Maldonado catching . Bourn grounded out to second . Maldonado catching . Slaten pitching for Nationals . Slaten pitching for Nationals . Maldonado catching . Bourn grounded out to second . Keppinger singled to center . Berkman walked , Keppinger to second . Batista pitching for Nationals . Lee popped out to shortstop . Pence walked , Keppinger to third , Berkman to second . Manzella grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pence out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Lindstrom pitching for Astros . Morgan reached on infield single to first . Zimmerman walked , Morgan to second . Dunn walked , Morgan to third , Zimmerman to second . Willingham struck out looking . Desmond singled to left , Morgan scored , Zimmerman to third , Dunn to second . Bernadina singled to right , Zimmerman scored , Dunn to third , Desmond to second . Gonzalez hit for Batista . Lopez pitching for Astros . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Dunn out at home , Desmond to third , Bernadina to second . Maldonado grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Capps pitching for Nationals . Feliz safe at first on error by third baseman Zimmerman . Cash sacrificed to pitcher , Feliz to second . Sullivan hit for Lopez . Sullivan doubled to left , Feliz to third . Bourn intentionally walked . Keppinger grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Feliz out at home , Sullivan to third , Bourn to second . Berkman singled to left , Sullivan and Bourn scored , Keppinger to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Nationals 7 - Astros 8 .	Astros battle past Nats after surrendering lead