Pirates - Top 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Tabata reached on infield single to shortstop . Walker reached on bunt single to third , Tabata to second . McCutchen struck out swinging . Jones popped out to shortstop . LaRoche walked , Tabata to third , Walker to second . Milledge fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Lincoln pitching for Pirates . Guzman flied out to left . Morgan flied out to right . Zimmerman walked . Dunn homered to center ( 418 feet ) , Zimmerman scored . Willingham flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Cedeno lined out to shortstop . Jaramillo fouled out to right . Lincoln singled to center . Tabata flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Lincoln pitching for Pirates . Bernadina doubled to deep right . Desmond flied out to right . Nieves grounded out to second , Bernadina to third . Lannan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Walker flied out to center . McCutchen walked . Jones singled to right , McCutchen to second . McCutchen stole third , Jones stole second . LaRoche grounded out to shortstop , McCutchen scored . Milledge singled to center , Jones scored , Milledge to second on throwing error by center fielder Morgan . Cedeno singled to center , Milledge scored , Cedeno to second advancing on throw . Jaramillo intentionally walked . Lincoln grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Lincoln pitching for Pirates . Guzman grounded out to second . Morgan grounded out to first . Zimmerman fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Tabata reached on infield single to catcher . Tabata stole second . Walker singled to center , Tabata scored . McCutchen flied out to center . Walker stole second , Walker safe at third on throwing error by catcher Nieves . Jones struck out swinging . LaRoche grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Lincoln pitching for Pirates . Dunn lined out to second . Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop . Bernadina doubled to deep center , Willingham scored . Desmond doubled to right , Bernadina scored . Nieves flied out to right , Desmond to third . Lannan reached on infield single to second , Desmond scored . Guzman fouled out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Milledge doubled to right . Cedeno flied out to center . Jaramillo flied out to center . Lincoln singled to left , Milledge scored . Walker pitching for Nationals . Tabata walked , Lincoln to second . Walker lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Lincoln pitching for Pirates . Morgan lined out to second . Zimmerman struck out looking . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Walker pitching for Nationals . McCutchen flied out to right . Jones walked . LaRoche grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Lincoln pitching for Pirates . Willingham singled to left . Bernadina flied out to right . Desmond grounded out to third , Willingham to second . Nieves walked . Harris hit for Walker . Harris grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Milledge singled to left . Cedeno flied out to center . Jaramillo grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Milledge out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Carrasco pitching for Pirates . Guzman singled to center . Morgan sacrificed to pitcher , Guzman to second . Zimmerman singled to shallow right , Guzman scored . Dunn popped out to shortstop . Zimmerman caught stealing second , catcher to second . Willingham batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Iwamura struck out looking . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Tabata flied out to right . Walker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Donnelly pitching for Pirates . Milledge in left field . Church in right field . Willingham walked . Bernadina singled to center , Willingham to third . Desmond popped out to shortstop . Nieves hit sacrifice fly to center , Willingham scored . Kennedy hit for Clippard . Bernadina stole second . Kennedy walked . Guzman grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Nationals . Morse at first base . Kennedy at second base . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . Jones doubled to deep left . LaRoche grounded out to shortstop , Jones to third . Milledge popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 5 - Nationals 7 .	Lincoln debuts in Bucs ' loss to Zimmerman , Nats