Nationals - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Morgan reached on infield single to second . Morgan caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rodriguez doubled to right . Dunn doubled to deep center , Rodriguez scored . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop , Dunn to third . Willingham struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Atilano pitching for Nationals . Crowe grounded out to pitcher . Choo singled to center . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Choo out at second . Branyan safe at first on error by second baseman Kennedy , Santana to second . Santana to third , Branyan to second on wild pitch by Atilano . Kearns homered to left center ( 398 feet ) , Santana and Branyan scored . Hafner doubled to deep right . Peralta lined out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Harris grounded out to second . Desmond grounded out to third . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Atilano pitching for Nationals . Valbuena flied out to center . Donald grounded out to second . Crowe grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Bernadina walked . Morgan lined into double play , third to first , Bernadina doubled off first . Rodriguez singled to right . Dunn singled to deep right , Rodriguez to third . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Atilano pitching for Nationals . Choo grounded out to first . Santana grounded out to first . Branyan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Willingham struck out looking . Harris grounded out to first . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Atilano pitching for Nationals . Kearns homered to center ( 404 feet ) . Hafner walked . Peralta doubled to deep left , Hafner to third . Valbuena grounded out to pitcher . Donald grounded out to second . Crowe flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Kennedy walked . Bernadina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kennedy out at second . Morgan grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Atilano pitching for Nationals . Choo grounded out to first . Santana walked . Branyan fouled out to third . Kearns struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Dunn struck out swinging . Zimmerman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Atilano pitching for Nationals . Hafner homered to right ( 428 feet ) . Peralta singled to center . Walker pitching for Nationals . Valbuena singled to right , Peralta to second . Donald sacrificed to first , Peralta to third , Valbuena to second . Crowe singled to right , Peralta and Valbuena scored . Choo walked , Crowe to second . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Choo out at second , Crowe to third . Branyan flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Willingham popped out to shortstop . Harris flied out to center . Desmond flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Walker pitching for Nationals . Kearns flied out to center . Hafner grounded out to pitcher . Peralta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Kennedy singled to right center . Kennedy stole second . Bernadina grounded out to shortstop . Morgan singled to left , Kennedy to third . Rodriguez safe at first on error by second baseman Valbuena , Kennedy scored , Morgan to third . Sipp pitching for Indians . Dunn walked , Rodriguez to second . Perez pitching for Indians . Zimmerman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 8th . Slaten pitching for Nationals . Valbuena flied out to left . Donald hit by pitch . Crowe fouled out to first . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Donald out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Willingham flied out to left . Harris popped out to shortstop . Desmond walked . Kennedy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 2 - Indians 7 .	Santana silent in debut as Kearns , Indians romp