Nationals - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Guzman struck out swinging . Morgan reached on bunt single to catcher . Morgan stole second , Morgan safe at third on throwing error by catcher Laird . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to right , Morgan scored . Dunn struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Raburn struck out looking . Damon grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez singled to center . Cabrera walked , Ordonez to second . Boesch grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Willingham walked . Rodriguez flied out to right . Bernadina singled to right , Willingham to third . Morse struck out swinging . Desmond flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Guillen singled to center . Inge singled to right , Guillen to second . Laird reached on infield single to second , Guillen to third , Inge to second . Worth grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guillen out at home , Inge to third , Laird to second . Raburn walked , Inge scored , Laird to third , Worth to second . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Laird out at home , Worth to third , Raburn to second . Ordonez flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Guzman struck out swinging . Morgan singled to center . Zimmerman struck out looking , Morgan stole second . Dunn intentionally walked . Willingham singled to right center , Morgan scored , Dunn to third . Rodriguez singled to center , Dunn scored , Willingham to second . Bernadina struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Cabrera doubled to left . Boesch grounded out to second , Cabrera to third . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cabrera scored . Inge popped out to second . Laird singled to deep left center , Guillen to third . Worth grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Laird out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Morse homered to right ( 355 feet ) . Desmond grounded out to third . Guzman grounded out to second . Morgan flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Raburn singled to center . Damon grounded out to first , Raburn to second . Ordonez doubled to deep left center , Raburn scored . Cabrera intentionally walked . Boesch walked , Ordonez to third , Cabrera to second . Guillen hit sacrifice fly to left , Ordonez scored . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Boesch out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Zimmerman struck out looking . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham singled to left . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Laird singled to deep left . Worth safe at first on error by second baseman Guzman , Laird to second . Raburn homered to left ( 408 feet ) , Laird and Worth scored . Damon popped out to third . Walker pitching for Nationals . Ordonez doubled to left . Cabrera flied out to center . Boesch grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Bernadina grounded out to second . Morse flied out to right . Desmond grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Walker pitching for Nationals . Guillen flied out to right . Inge popped out to second . Laird flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Guzman grounded out to second . Morgan struck out swinging . Zimmerman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Walker pitching for Nationals . Worth grounded out to shortstop . Raburn flied out to left . Damon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Kelly in center field . Coke pitching for Tigers . Dunn struck out swinging . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Willingham fouled out to first . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Ordonez reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera struck out swinging . Boesch struck out looking . Guillen popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Tigers . Bernadina hit by pitch . Morse struck out swinging . Desmond struck out swinging . Guzman walked . Morgan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 4 - Tigers 7 .	Raburn 's flash of power leads Tigers past Nats