Nationals - Top 1st . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Morgan singled to right . Guzman walked , Morgan to second . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Dunn grounded out to first , Morgan scored , Guzman to second . Willingham struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Martin pitching for Nationals . Patterson walked . Tejada grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Patterson out at second . Markakis lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Morse grounded out to second . Harris reached on bunt single to third . Desmond popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Martin pitching for Nationals . Scott singled to right . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Scott safe at second on error by second baseman Guzman . Wieters singled to center , Scott to third , Jones to second . Atkins grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Scott out at home , Jones to third , Wieters to second . Lugo lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Morgan singled to deep right center . Morgan stole second . Guzman hit by pitch . Zimmerman flied out to right , Morgan to third . Dunn hit sacrifice fly to right , Morgan scored . Willingham singled to left , Guzman to second . Rodriguez reached on infield single to second , Guzman scored , Willingham to second . Morse grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Martin pitching for Nationals . Izturis flied out to left . Patterson flied out to center . Tejada struck out swinging , Tejada safe at first on wild pitch by Martin . Markakis singled to right , Tejada to second . Scott flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Harris grounded out to first . Desmond walked . Desmond stole second . Morgan hit ground rule double to deep left center , Desmond scored . Guzman fouled out to third . Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop , Morgan to third . Dunn doubled to deep right , Morgan and Zimmerman scored . Willingham flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Martin pitching for Nationals . Jones lined out to right . Wieters struck out swinging . Atkins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez walked . Morse grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Harris struck out looking . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Morse out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Martin pitching for Nationals . Lugo safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond . Izturis singled to left , Lugo to second . Patterson singled to right , Lugo to third , Izturis to second . Tejada hit sacrifice fly to center , Lugo scored . Markakis reached on infield single to shortstop , Izturis to third , Patterson to second , Izturis scored , Patterson to third , Markakis to second on throwing error by shortstop Desmond . Slaten pitching for Nationals . Scott struck out swinging . Batista pitching for Nationals . Jones reached on infield single to third , Patterson scored , Markakis to third . Wieters grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Morgan singled to center . Guzman grounded out to shortstop , Morgan to second . Zimmerman grounded out to first , Morgan to third . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Nationals . Atkins flied out to center . Lugo walked . Izturis grounded out to second , Lugo to second . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Patterson reached on infield single to first , Lugo to third . Storen pitching for Nationals . Patterson stole second . Tejada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Mata pitching for Orioles . Willingham flied out to center . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Morse reached on infield single to third . Bernadina ran for Morse . Harris flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Bernadina in right field . Storen pitching for Nationals . Markakis singled to center . Scott flied out to right . Jones grounded into double play , third to second to first , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Mata pitching for Orioles . Desmond flied out to right . Ohman pitching for Orioles . Morgan grounded out to second . Guzman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Wieters walked . Moore hit for Atkins . Moore homered to right ( 378 feet ) , Wieters scored . Lugo flied out to right . Izturis doubled to deep right . Patterson singled to center , Izturis scored . Patterson stole second . Tejada lined out to right , Patterson to third . Markakis intentionally walked . Scott flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Moore at first base . Simon pitching for Orioles . Zimmerman reached on infield single to pitcher . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham singled to center , Zimmerman to second . Rodriguez flied out to right , Zimmerman to third . Willingham stole second . Bernadina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Jones fouled out to catcher . Wieters walked . Moore singled to left center , Wieters to second . Fox ran for Wieters . Capps pitching for Nationals . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moore out at second , Fox to third , Fox scored on throwing error by second baseman Guzman . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Nationals 6 - Orioles 7 .	Orioles rally from 6 down to beat Nationals