Phillies - Top 1st . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Rollins popped out to second . Polanco flied out to right . Ibanez singled to center . Howard grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Morgan tripled to deep center . Kennedy grounded out to second , Morgan scored . Zimmerman popped out to second . Dunn singled to deep right . Willingham fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Werth grounded out to shortstop . Brown struck out looking . Dobbs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Bernadina grounded out to first . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Desmond lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Ruiz struck out swinging . Oswalt lined out to right . Rollins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Stammen singled to right . Morgan hit by pitch , Stammen to second . Kennedy reached on bunt single to catcher , Stammen to third , Morgan to second , Stammen scored , Morgan to third on throwing error by catcher Ruiz . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to right , Morgan scored . Dunn struck out swinging , Kennedy stole second . Willingham flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 4th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Polanco grounded out to first . Ibanez singled to center . Howard struck out looking . Werth reached on infield single to third , Ibanez to second . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Bernadina doubled to deep center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Desmond safe at first on error by third baseman Dobbs . Stammen grounded into double play , third to second to first , Desmond out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 5th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Dobbs walked . Ruiz grounded out to third , Dobbs to second . Oswalt grounded out to first , Dobbs to third . Rollins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Morgan walked . Morgan caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop . Kennedy doubled to center . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Dunn hit by pitch . Willingham doubled to left , Kennedy and Dunn scored , Willingham to third advancing on throw . Bernadina walked . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bernadina out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Polanco struck out swinging . Ibanez flied out to right . Howard grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Desmond flied out to right . Stammen struck out looking . Morgan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Werth homered to left ( 398 feet ) . Brown singled to right . Dobbs flied out to right . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Ruiz grounded out to third , Brown to second . Francisco hit for Oswalt . Francisco struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Kennedy singled to center . Zimmerman singled to center , Kennedy to second . Dunn popped out to second . Willingham walked , Kennedy to third , Zimmerman to second . Bernadina doubled to deep right , Kennedy and Zimmerman scored , Willingham to third . Rodriguez intentionally walked . Desmond hit sacrifice fly to center , Willingham scored . Clippard struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Kennedy at first base . Gonzalez at second base . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Rollins grounded out to first . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez walked . Howard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Herndon pitching for Phillies . Morgan grounded out to first . Kennedy singled to shallow left . Zimmerman fouled out to first . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Werth struck out swinging . Brown singled to right center . Dobbs flied out to left . Ruiz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 1 - Nationals 8 .	Oswalt roughed up in Phils debut