Marlins - Top 1st . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Ramirez grounded out to second . Morrison singled to center . Sanchez flied out to right . Uggla singled to left , Morrison to second . Ross singled to left , Morrison scored , Ross to second , Uggla to second , Uggla to third advancing on throw . Stanton doubled to left , Uggla and Ross scored . Murphy doubled to left , Stanton scored . Paulino intentionally walked . Volstad fouled out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Bernadina walked . Bernadina stole second . Desmond popped out to second . Dunn popped out to third . Zimmerman singled to center , Bernadina scored . Zimmerman stole second . Morse grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Ramirez homered to left ( 447 feet ) . Morrison singled to left . Sanchez walked , Morrison to second . Uggla struck out swinging . Ross flied out to center . Stanton singled to left , Morrison scored , Sanchez to second . Batista pitching for Nationals . Sanchez to third on wild pitch by Batista . Murphy singled to left , Sanchez scored , Stanton to second . Paulino grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Murphy out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Kennedy grounded out to third . Rodriguez singled to center . Harris flied out to left . Batista struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Batista pitching for Nationals . Volstad struck out swinging . Ramirez struck out looking . Morrison walked . Sanchez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman , Morrison scored . Uggla grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanchez out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Bernadina grounded out to first . Desmond homered to left center ( 392 feet ) . Dunn singled to center . Zimmerman singled to left , Dunn to second . Morse popped out to shortstop . Kennedy flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Batista pitching for Nationals . Ross grounded out to third . Stanton doubled to deep right . Stanton to third on wild pitch by Batista . Murphy struck out swinging . Paulino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Harris grounded out to second . Batista flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Batista pitching for Nationals . Volstad struck out swinging . Ramirez walked . Morrison grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Bernadina grounded out to pitcher . Desmond grounded out to third . Dunn homered to center ( 436 feet ) . Zimmerman doubled to deep left . Morse struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Batista pitching for Nationals . Sanchez flied out to center . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . Ross flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Kennedy doubled to left . Rodriguez singled to right center , Kennedy scored . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Harris lined into double play , to first , Rodriguez doubled off first . Willingham hit for Batista . Willingham doubled to left . Marquis ran for Willingham . Bernadina flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Peralta pitching for Nationals . Stanton homered to left ( 433 feet ) . Murphy lined out to second . Paulino struck out looking . Luna hit for Sanches . Luna fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Veras pitching for Marlins . Desmond homered to left center ( 398 feet ) . Dunn flied out to center . Zimmerman fouled out to right . Morse struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Peralta pitching for Nationals . Ramirez walked . Morrison reached on infield single to shortstop , Ramirez to second , Ramirez to third , Morrison to second on throwing error by shortstop Desmond . Sanchez struck out swinging . Uggla struck out swinging . Ross struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Hensley pitching for Marlins . Kennedy struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to center . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rodriguez out at second . Mench hit for Peralta . Mench struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Stanton singled to right . Murphy struck out looking . Paulino grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Nunez pitching for Marlins . Bernadina struck out swinging . Desmond struck out swinging . Dunn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 9 - Nationals 5 .	Marlins hammer Nats