Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Young flied out to left . Johnson struck out looking . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to center . Desmond singled to right , Gonzalez to second . Dunn grounded out to first , Gonzalez to third , Desmond to second . Zimmerman singled to left , Gonzalez and Desmond scored , Zimmerman to second advancing on throw . Willingham flied out to right . Morse singled to left , Zimmerman scored , Morse to second on throwing error by left fielder Parra . Maxwell flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . LaRoche flied out to center . Montero grounded out to shortstop . Reynolds grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Nieves homered to center ( 399 feet ) . Lannan lined out to third . Gonzalez singled to right . Desmond doubled to deep left , Gonzalez to third . Dunn struck out swinging . Zimmerman walked . Willingham flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Drew fouled out to third . Parra singled to center . Saunders sacrificed to catcher , Parra to second . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Morse flied out to center . Maxwell grounded out to shortstop . Nieves singled to left . Lannan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Johnson grounded out to first . Upton grounded out to third . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez flied out to center . Desmond flied out to center . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Montero flied out to left . Reynolds walked . Drew tripled to deep right , Reynolds scored . Parra singled to center , Drew scored . Saunders sacrificed to third , Parra to second , Saunders safe at first on throwing error by catcher Nieves . Parra to third on throwing error by catcher Nieves . Young grounded into double play , third to second to first , Saunders out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Zimmerman singled to center . Willingham flied out to right . Morse flied out to right . Maxwell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Johnson singled to right . Upton grounded into double play , second to first , Johnson out at second . LaRoche flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Nieves grounded out to second . Lannan grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Montero struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded out to third . Drew grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond singled to center . Dunn hit by pitch , Desmond to second . Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Zimmerman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second , Desmond to third . Willingham walked . Harris ran for Willingham . Morse grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harris out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Harris in left field . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Bernadina in right field . Parra struck out swinging . Church hit for Vasquez . Church struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Maxwell struck out swinging . Nieves grounded out to pitcher . Bernadina lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Kennedy at first base . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Johnson lined out to pitcher . Upton popped out to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Nationals 4 .	Lannan 's solid start helps Nats end 5 - game skid