Nationals - Top 1st . Sanabia pitching for Marlins . Kennedy popped out to second . Gonzalez flied out to right . Bernadina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Morrison grounded out to second . Ramirez homered to right ( 409 feet ) . Sanchez fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Sanabia pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman singled to center . Dunn doubled to deep left , Zimmerman scored . Morse flied out to center , Dunn to third . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . Morgan intentionally walked . Marquis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Tracy singled to center . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tracy out at second . Maybin grounded into double play , third to second to first , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Sanabia pitching for Marlins . Kennedy flied out to center . Gonzalez singled to center . Bernadina reached on bunt single to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Zimmerman homered to left ( 411 feet ) , Gonzalez and Bernadina scored . Dunn grounded out to first . Morse doubled to deep center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Hayes flied out to left . Sanabia grounded out to shortstop . Bonifacio singled to left . Morrison walked , Bonifacio to second . Ramirez walked , Bonifacio to third , Morrison to second . Sanchez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Sanabia pitching for Marlins . Morgan safe at first on error by second baseman Bonifacio . Marquis bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Morgan out at second . Kennedy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Marquis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Tracy flied out to left . Stanton hit by pitch . Maybin reached on bunt single to third , Stanton to second . Hayes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Maybin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Sanabia pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Bernadina grounded out to second . Zimmerman lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Sanabia flied out to center . Bonifacio reached on infield single to shortstop . Bonifacio stole second . Morrison walked . Ramirez flied out to left . Sanchez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Sanabia pitching for Marlins . Dunn struck out swinging . Morse reached on infield single to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded out to third , Morse to second . Ohman pitching for Marlins . Morse to third on wild pitch by Ohman . Morgan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Tracy grounded out to second . Stanton grounded out to shortstop . Maybin doubled to left . Hayes homered to left ( 365 feet ) , Maybin scored . Murphy hit for Ohman . Peralta pitching for Nationals . Maxwell in right field . Murphy struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Maxwell safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Tracy . Maxwell to third on wild pitch by Sanches . Maxwell scored on Sanches ' wild pitch . Kennedy grounded out to first . Gonzalez flied out to center . Bernadina walked . Bernadina stole second . Bernadina to third on wild pitch by Sanches . Zimmerman walked . Dunn homered to center ( 420 feet ) , Bernadina and Zimmerman scored . Peralta struck out looking . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Peralta pitching for Nationals . Bonifacio grounded out to second . Morrison struck out swinging . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Badenhop pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop . Morgan struck out swinging . Maxwell fouled out to first . Kennedy safe at second on error by left fielder Morrison , Rodriguez to third . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Sanchez struck out swinging . Tracy struck out swinging . Stanton singled to left . Maybin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Miller pitching for Marlins . Bernadina tripled to deep right center . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Dunn intentionally walked . Desmond hit for Clippard . Desmond hit sacrifice fly to center , Bernadina scored . Rodriguez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Kennedy at first base . Gonzalez at second base . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Desmond at shortstop . Hayes struck out swinging . Helms hit for Miller . Helms walked . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Morrison struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 9 - Marlins 3 .	Nationals run over Marlins in rain - delayed win