Marlins - Top 1st. Glavine pitching for Mets. Pierre reached on bunt single to third. Castillo singled to center, Pierre to third. Delgado walked, Castillo to second. Cabrera singled to left, Pierre and Castillo scored, Delgado to second. Encarnacion flied out to center. Lowell lined into double play, third to second, Delgado doubled off second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. Matsui fouled out to shortstop. Beltran grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Glavine pitching for Mets. Lo Duca walked. Gonzalez fouled out to first. Burnett sacrificed to pitcher, Lo Duca to second. Pierre lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Mientkiewicz singled to right. Wright walked, Mientkiewicz to second. Anderson flied out to right, Mientkiewicz to third. Castro grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wright out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Glavine pitching for Mets. Castillo singled to right center. Delgado singled to shallow right, Castillo to third. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castillo scored, Delgado out at second. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera out at second. Lowell flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. Glavine struck out looking. Reyes grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Lo Duca grounded out to second. Gonzalez flied out to center. Burnett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Matsui struck out swinging. Beltran grounded out to first. Mientkiewicz walked. Mientkiewicz caught stealing second, catcher to second. Wright batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Pierre bunt grounded out to third. Castillo flied out to center. Delgado singled to center. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Delgado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Wright grounded out to shortstop. Anderson walked. Castro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Anderson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Encarnacion walked. Lowell safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes, Encarnacion advanced to second on play, Encarnacion to third on throwing error by shortstop Reyes. Lo Duca walked, Lowell to second. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to left, Encarnacion scored, Lowell to third, Lo Duca to second. Burnett grounded out to third. Pierre grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Woodward hit for Glavine. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Diaz homered to right. Woodward singled to right. Reyes grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Woodward out at second. Koo pitching for Mets. Woodward at second base. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Koo pitching for Mets. Castillo grounded out to third. Delgado struck out looking. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Beltran grounded out to shortstop. Mientkiewicz flied out to left. Aybar pitching for Mets. Wright struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Aybar pitching for Mets. Encarnacion struck out looking. Lowell doubled to deep center. Lo Duca grounded out to second. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Burnett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Anderson doubled to deep right. Anderson to third on wild pitch by Burnett. Castro hit sacrifice fly to center, Anderson scored. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. Matthews pitching for Mets. Woodward struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Matthews pitching for Mets. Pierre singled to center. Castillo sacrificed to pitcher, Pierre to second. Pierre to third on wild pitch by Matthews. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Delgado lined out to first. Cabrera walked. Encarnacion singled to left, Pierre scored, Cabrera to second. Lowell lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Valent hit for Hernandez. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Reyes flied out to left. Valent struck out swinging. Beltran grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Mets 2.	Two complete: Burnett goes distance in beating Mets