Nationals - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Wilkerson doubled to deep right. Johnson walked. Vidro singled to right, Wilkerson thrown out at home, Johnson to third. Guillen hit sacrifice fly to right, Johnson scored. Sledge singled to left, Vidro to second. Castilla reached on infield single to pitcher, Vidro to third, Sledge to second. Bennett singled to center, Vidro and Sledge scored, Castilla to third. Guzman grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Reyes safe at first on error by first baseman Johnson. Matsui singled to center, Reyes to second. Beltran reached on bunt single to third, Reyes to third, Matsui to second. Piazza doubled to left, Reyes, Matsui and Beltran scored. Floyd walked. Mientkiewicz popped out to third. Wright walked, Piazza to third, Floyd to second. Diaz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wright out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Hernandez grounded out to second. Wilkerson flied out to left. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Zambrano singled to center. Reyes singled to center, Zambrano to second. Matsui bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Zambrano out at third, Reyes to second. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Matsui out at second, Reyes to third. Piazza flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Vidro walked. Guillen safe at first on error by third baseman Wright, Vidro to third. Sledge grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Vidro scored, Guillen out at second. Castilla singled to left. Castilla stole second. Bennett struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Floyd lined out to center. Mientkiewicz grounded out to second. Wright singled to center. Diaz singled to left, Wright to second. Zambrano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Guzman grounded out to first. Hernandez hit by pitch. Wilkerson homered to right, Hernandez scored. Johnson singled to left. Johnson stole second. Vidro grounded out to second, Johnson to third. Guillen grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Reyes lined out to shortstop. Matsui grounded out to second. Beltran flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Sledge struck out looking. Castilla popped out to shortstop. Bennett singled to left. Guzman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Piazza fouled out to first. Floyd singled to center. Mientkiewicz popped out to catcher. Wright flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Hernandez grounded out to second. Wilkerson walked. Wilkerson stole second. Aybar pitching for Mets. Woodward at third base. Johnson hit by pitch. Vidro doubled to deep right, Wilkerson scored, Johnson to third. Guillen hit sacrifice fly to right, Johnson scored, Vidro to third. Sledge struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Diaz struck out swinging. Woodward popped out to second. Reyes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Aybar pitching for Mets. Castilla singled to center. Bennett struck out swinging, Castilla stole second. Guzman popped out to second. Hernandez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Matsui grounded out to second. Beltran struck out looking. Matthews pitching for Mets. Piazza grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Matthews pitching for Mets. Wilkerson singled to center. Johnson singled to right center, Wilkerson to second. Vidro fouled out to first. Guillen doubled to left, Wilkerson scored, Johnson to third. Church ran for Guillen. Sledge hit sacrifice fly to left, Johnson scored. Church to third on wild pitch by Matthews. Koo pitching for Mets. Carroll at second base. Church in right field. Davis in left field. Eischen pitching for Nationals. Cairo hit for Koo. Majewski pitching for Nationals. DeJean pitching for Mets. Castilla doubled to deep right, Church scored. Bennett grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Eischen pitching for Nationals. Floyd flied out to left. Mientkiewicz walked. Cairo reached on infield single to second, Mientkiewicz to second. Diaz hit by pitch, Mientkiewicz to third, Cairo to second. Woodward hit sacrifice fly to center, Mientkiewicz scored. Reyes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. DeJean pitching for Mets. Guzman singled to center. Davis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Guzman out at second. Wilkerson singled to right. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilkerson out at second. Carroll struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Matsui hit by pitch. Beltran struck out looking. Piazza fouled out to right. Floyd grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 11 - Mets 4.	Nationals pound out 17 hits in 11-4 rout of Mets