Phillies - Top 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Rollins grounded out to third . Victorino lined out to shortstop . Rowand flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Madson pitching for Phillies . Ramirez grounded out to first . Uggla doubled to deep center . Cabrera struck out looking . Willingham reached on infield single to third , Uggla scored . Jacobs struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . Utley grounded out to first . Bell hit by pitch . Bell to second on wild pitch by Willis . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Madson pitching for Phillies . Olivo struck out looking . Aguila grounded out to pitcher . Abercrombie grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Lieberthal grounded out to second . Madson struck out swinging . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Madson pitching for Phillies . Willis singled to center . Ramirez flied out to left . Uggla reached on infield single to third , Willis to second . Cabrera walked , Willis to third , Uggla to second . Willingham struck out swinging . Jacobs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Victorino hit by pitch . Philadelphia 's Manager Manuel ejected by Hernandez in the 4th . Burrell walked , Rowand to second . Utley singled to right , Rowand scored , Burrell to second . Bell flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Utley out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Olivo hit by pitch . Aguila singled to left , Olivo to third . Abercrombie singled to center , Olivo scored , Aguila to second . Willis sacrificed to pitcher , Aguila to third , Abercrombie to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aguila scored , Abercrombie out at third . Uggla homered to left , Ramirez scored . Cabrera walked . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Lieberthal grounded out to pitcher . Madson struck out swinging . Rollins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Jacobs grounded out to third . Olivo hit by pitch . Olivo caught stealing second , catcher to second . Aguila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Victorino flied out to center . Rowand struck out swinging . Burrell struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Abercrombie reached on infield single to shortstop . Willis lined out to right . Abercrombie stole second . Geary pitching for Phillies . Ramirez walked . Uggla struck out swinging . Abercrombie caught stealing third , catcher to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Utley hit by pitch . Bell singled to left , Utley to second . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop , Utley to third , Bell to second . Nunez hit for Geary . Lieberthal singled to center , Utley scored , Bell to third . Nunez reached on infield single to third , Lieberthal to second . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bell out at home , Lieberthal to third , Nunez to second . Victorino singled to shallow right , Lieberthal , Nunez and Rollins scored , Victorino to second . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Rowand grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Cabrera grounded out to second . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Willingham singled to left center . Jacobs grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Willingham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Burrell homered to center . Utley popped out to shortstop . Bell singled to left . Bell to second on wild pitch by Willis . German pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez singled to right , Bell scored , Gonzalez to second advancing on throw . Abreu hit for Cormier . Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop . Abreu intentionally walked . Rollins singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Abreu to second . Victorino in left field . Rhodes pitching for Phillies . Abreu in right field . Victorino popped out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Rhodes pitching for Phillies . Olivo struck out swinging . Aguila doubled to right . Helms hit for German . Abercrombie walked . Reed ran for Helms . Helms walked , Aguila to third , Abercrombie to second . Ramirez struck out swinging . Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins . Uggla flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Dellucci hit for Rhodes . Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins . Rowand grounded out to second . Dellucci struck out looking . Gordon pitching for Phillies . Utley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Gordon pitching for Phillies . Cabrera struck out swinging . Willingham struck out looking . Jacobs grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 8 - Marlins 5 .	Phils come back to beat Marlins ; 6,017 watch in Miami