Braves - Top 1st . Myers pitching for Phillies . Giles struck out swinging . Renteria struck out swinging . Jones walked . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Rollins doubled to deep center . Utley struck out swinging . Rowand struck out swinging . Abreu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Myers pitching for Phillies . LaRoche flied out to center . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . McCann flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Howard singled to center . Dellucci grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Howard out at second . Lieberthal struck out swinging . Dellucci caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Nunez batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Langerhans grounded out to second . Smoltz grounded out to shortstop . Giles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Nunez reached on infield single to third . Myers struck out bunting foul . Rollins hit by pitch , Nunez to second . Utley singled to center , Nunez scored , Rollins to third . Rowand singled to center , Rollins scored , Utley to second . Abreu singled to right , Utley to third , Rowand to second . Howard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Utley scored , Abreu out at second , Rowand to third . Dellucci struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Jones singled to left . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Lieberthal doubled to deep left . Nunez flied out to left . Myers grounded out to second , Lieberthal to third . Rollins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Francoeur safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Nunez . McCann singled to right center , Francoeur to third . Langerhans walked , McCann to second . Smoltz grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Francoeur scored , Langerhans out at second , McCann to third . Giles flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Utley flied out to left . Rowand grounded out to shortstop . Abreu lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Renteria reached on infield single to third . Jones flied out to center . Jones homered to left , Renteria scored . LaRoche singled to center . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , LaRoche out at second . McCann grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Howard fouled out to third . Dellucci grounded out to first . Lieberthal lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Langerhans struck out swinging . Smoltz grounded out to shortstop . Giles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Bell hit for Myers . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Nunez grounded out to second . Bell popped out to shortstop . Franklin pitching for Phillies . Bell at third base . Rollins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Franklin pitching for Phillies . Renteria bunt grounded out to pitcher . Jones doubled to deep right center . Jones struck out looking . LaRoche intentionally walked . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Francoeur singled to center , Jones scored , LaRoche to third , Francoeur to second advancing on throw . McCann hit by pitch . Remlinger pitching for Braves . Langerhans grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCann out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Remlinger pitching for Braves . Utley singled to right . Rowand homered to right , Utley scored . Abreu struck out swinging . Victorino hit for Dellucci . Howard singled to left . Ray pitching for Braves . Victorino singled to right , Howard to second . Burrell hit for Cormier . Lieberthal singled to right , Howard to third , Victorino to second . Victorino in left field . Gordon pitching for Phillies . Betemit hit for Ray . Burrell grounded into double play , third to first , Victorino out at third . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Gordon pitching for Phillies . Betemit struck out swinging . Giles grounded out to pitcher . Renteria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 4 - Phillies 5 .	Comeback kids : Phils rally past Braves for fourth in row