Pirates - Top 1st . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Bautista walked . McLouth singled to left , Bautista to third . Sanchez struck out swinging , McLouth stole second . Bay hit sacrifice fly to left , Bautista scored . Randa singled to left , McLouth scored . Wilson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Duke pitching for Pirates . Rollins safe at second on error by third baseman Randa . Utley doubled to deep right , Rollins scored . Abreu singled to left , Utley to third . Burrell flied out to right . Rowand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Utley scored , Abreu out at second . Coste grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rowand out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 2nd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Castillo flied out to center . Cota walked . Duke fouled out to left . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Bell singled to right . Nunez grounded out to third , Bell to second . Hamels walked . Rollins struck out looking . Utley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . McLouth struck out looking . Sanchez singled to center . Bay doubled to left , Sanchez to third . Randa grounded out to shortstop , Sanchez scored . Wilson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Abreu singled to right . Burrell flied out to center . Abreu stole second . Rowand doubled to left , Abreu scored . Coste fouled out to first . Rowand to third on wild pitch by Duke . Bell grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Castillo singled to shallow right . Cota flied out to left . Duke struck out swinging . Bautista singled to right , Castillo to third . McLouth grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Nunez grounded out to second . Hamels grounded out to second . Rollins walked . Utley singled to right , Rollins to second . Abreu lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Bay struck out swinging . Randa popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Burrell singled to left . Rowand walked , Burrell to second . Coste singled to center , Burrell scored , Rowand to third . Bell hit sacrifice fly to left , Rowand scored . Roberson hit for Hamels . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Coste out at second . Franklin pitching for Phillies . Roberson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Franklin pitching for Phillies . Wilson flied out to center . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Cota struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Rollins doubled to deep left . Utley popped out to third . Capps pitching for Pirates . Abreu singled to right , Rollins to third . Burrell doubled to deep left , Rollins scored , Abreu to third . Rowand grounded out to shortstop . Coste reached on infield single to pitcher , Abreu scored , Burrell scored , Coste to third on error by pitcher Capps . Wilson hit for Capps . Bell lined out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 7th . Franklin pitching for Phillies . Wilson flied out to center . Bautista singled to right . McLouth fouled out to left . Hernandez pitching for Pirates . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Dellucci hit for Franklin . Hernandez pitching for Pirates . Nunez flied out to left . Dellucci singled to right . Rollins singled to left , Dellucci to second , Dellucci to third , Rollins to second on error by left fielder Bay . Utley grounded out to first . Abreu intentionally walked . Geary pitching for Phillies . Dellucci in left field . Burrell struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 8th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Bay doubled to deep center . Randa reached on infield single to pitcher . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bay out at third , Randa to second . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilson out at second , Randa to third . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Hernandez in left field . Cota grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Rowand popped out to second . Coste struck out swinging . Bell walked . White pitching for Phillies . Victorino in left field . Nunez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . White pitching for Phillies . Hernandez singled to center . Bautista fouled out to catcher . McLouth flied out to center . Sanchez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 3 - Phillies 8 .	Hamels ' solid start gives Phils first series win in month