Marlins - Top 1st . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Ramirez flied out to center . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Victorino popped out to second . Rowand grounded out to third . Utley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Ross struck out swinging . Willingham struck out swinging . Helms singled to left . Hermida popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Burrell homered to left . Howard struck out swinging . Coste grounded out to pitcher . Nunez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Olivo reached on infield single to third . Willis sacrificed to third , Olivo to second . Ramirez singled to left , Olivo to third . Uggla hit sacrifice fly to second , Olivo scored . Ramirez stole second . Cabrera intentionally walked . Ross flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Sandoval walked . Hamels bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Sandoval out at second . Victorino hit by pitch , Hamels to second . Rowand grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hamels scored on throwing error by pitcher Willis , Victorino safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Willis . Utley singled to center , Victorino and Rowand scored . Burrell walked , Utley to second . Howard homered to center , Utley and Burrell scored . Coste walked . Nunez singled to left , Coste to second . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Sandoval singled to left , Coste to third , Nunez to second . Hamels hit sacrifice fly to center , Coste scored . Victorino popped out to second . 7 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 4th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Willingham struck out swinging . Helms struck out swinging . Hermida struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Rowand flied out to left . Utley homered to right . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . Howard popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Olivo grounded out to third . Vargas grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Coste fouled out to first . Nunez grounded out to third . Sandoval walked . Hamels grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sandoval out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Uggla struck out swinging . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Ross flied out to right . Willingham homered to center , Cabrera scored . Helms lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Victorino popped out to second . Rowand homered to left . Utley struck out swinging . Burrell walked . Howard walked , Burrell to second . Burrell to third , Howard to second on wild pitch by Vargas . Coste doubled to deep left , Burrell and Howard scored . Nunez popped out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Hermida flied out to center . Abercrombie hit for Vargas . Olivo lined out to first . Amezaga at third base . Borchard in right field . Resop pitching for Marlins . Abercrombie in center field . Abercrombie fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Resop pitching for Marlins . Sandoval grounded out to first . Hamels singled to left . Victorino grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hamels out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Ramirez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Nunez . Uggla walked , Ramirez to second . Amezaga struck out swinging . Borchard safe at first on error by first baseman Howard , Ramirez to third , Uggla to second . Willingham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Borchard out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Resop pitching for Marlins . Rowand reached on infield single to second . Utley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rowand out at second . Burrell walked . Howard hit by pitch , Burrell to second . Coste reached on infield single to second , Burrell to third , Howard to second . Castro pitching for Phillies . Nunez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Treanor hit for Resop . Castro pitching for Phillies . Helms walked . Treanor popped out to second . Olivo grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Helms out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 3 - Phillies 12 .	Utley extends hit streak to 29 games in Phils ' win