Phillies - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Rollins fouled out to third . Dellucci grounded out to second . Utley singled to center , Utley to second on error by center fielder Taguchi . Howard walked . Burrell walked , Utley to third , Howard to second . Rowand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Howard out at third , Burrell to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Eckstein walked . Belliard struck out swinging . Pujols struck out swinging . Eckstein caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rolen batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Coste singled to center . Nunez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Coste out at second . Hamels struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Rolen struck out swinging . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Spiezio flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Rollins walked . Dellucci walked , Rollins to second . Utley singled to shallow right , Rollins scored , Dellucci to third . Howard singled to left , Dellucci scored , Utley to second . Burrell flied out to left . Rowand flied out to right , Utley to third . Coste singled to center , Utley scored , Howard to second . Nunez hit by pitch , Howard to third , Coste to second . Hamels struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Taguchi struck out looking . Bennett lined out to right . Marquis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Rollins flied out to left . Dellucci walked . Utley flied out to left . Howard flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Belliard singled to center . Pujols singled to right , Belliard to third . Rolen hit sacrifice fly to center , Belliard scored . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Burrell singled to left . Rowand singled to center , Burrell to second . Coste singled to center , Burrell scored , Rowand to second . Nunez flied out to center . Hamels bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rowand out at third , Coste to second . Rollins grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Spiezio struck out looking . Taguchi flied out to center . Bennett walked . Marquis struck out bunting foul . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Dellucci reached on infield single to pitcher . Utley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dellucci out at second . Howard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Eckstein grounded out to third . Belliard struck out looking . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Burrell popped out to shortstop . Rowand doubled to right . Rowand stole third , Rowand scored on throwing error by catcher Bennett . Coste singled to left . Nunez flied out to left . Hamels struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Rolen struck out swinging . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Spiezio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Rollins doubled to deep center . Dellucci walked . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Utley flied out to right . Howard flied out to left . Geary pitching for Phillies . Victorino in left field . Rodriguez hit for Taguchi . Burrell struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Duncan hit for Bennett . Geary pitching for Phillies . Rodriguez flied out to left . Miles hit for Johnson . Duncan grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion in center field . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Duncan in right field . Molina catching . Miles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Rowand homered to left . Coste flied out to right . Nunez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Eckstein . Victorino doubled to left , Nunez to third . Roberson hit for Dellucci . Rollins struck out swinging . Roberson reached on infield single to pitcher , Nunez scored , Victorino to third . Utley singled to right , Victorino scored , Roberson to second . Roberson in right field . Sanches pitching for Phillies . Howard flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Sanches pitching for Phillies . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Belliard flied out to center . Pujols fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 8 - Cardinals 1 .	Utley extends streak to 35 ; Phils sweep Cards