Reds - Top 1st . Mathieson pitching for Phillies . Freel struck out swinging . Hatteberg grounded out to pitcher . Griffey Jr struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Ramirez pitching for Reds . Rollins walked . Dellucci homered to center , Rollins scored . Utley grounded out to second . Howard grounded out to second . Burrell doubled to center . Rowand grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Mathieson pitching for Phillies . Encarnacion struck out looking . Dunn walked . Valentin singled to left , Dunn to second . Phillips walked , Dunn to third , Valentin to second . Clayton struck out swinging . Ramirez reached on infield single to third , Dunn scored , Valentin to third , Phillips to second . Freel singled to left , Valentin and Phillips scored , Ramirez to second . Hatteberg singled to right , Ramirez scored , Freel to third . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Ramirez pitching for Reds . Coste singled to center . Nunez singled to left , Coste to second . Mathieson sacrificed to third , Coste to third , Nunez to second . Michalak pitching for Reds . Rollins homered to right center , Coste and Nunez scored . Dellucci grounded out to pitcher . Utley popped out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Mathieson pitching for Phillies . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Dunn struck out swinging . Valentin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Michalak pitching for Reds . Howard flied out to center . Burrell grounded out to second . Rowand grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Mathieson pitching for Phillies . Phillips homered to left . Clayton doubled to left . Michalak sacrificed to third , Clayton to third . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Freel doubled to left , Clayton scored . Hatteberg walked . Freel stole third , Hatteberg stole second . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Encarnacion intentionally walked . Dunn flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Michalak pitching for Reds . Coste grounded out to pitcher . Sandoval hit for Fultz . Nunez flied out to right . Geary pitching for Phillies . Sandoval flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Valentin grounded out to third . Phillips bunt grounded out to third . Clayton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Michalak pitching for Reds . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Dellucci flied out to right . Utley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Michalak doubled to deep left center . Freel flied out to right . Hatteberg grounded out to second , Michalak to third . Griffey Jr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Michalak pitching for Reds . Howard reached on infield single to pitcher , Howard to second on throwing error by pitcher Michalak . Burrell lined out to third . Rowand reached on infield single to third . Coste grounded out to second , Howard to third , Rowand to second . Nunez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 7th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Encarnacion popped out to shortstop . Dunn flied out to left . Victorino hit for Geary . Valentin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Michalak pitching for Reds . Victorino popped out to second . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Dellucci walked . Madson pitching for Phillies . Victorino in right field . Utley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Phillips doubled to left . Clayton lined into double play , shortstop to second , Phillips doubled off second . Michalak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Michalak pitching for Reds . Howard homered to right . Burrell walked . Rowand grounded into double play , third to second to first , Burrell out at second . Gordon pitching for Phillies . Coste grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Gordon pitching for Phillies . Freel walked . Freel stole second . Hatteberg singled to center , Freel to third . Griffey Jr grounded out to second , Hatteberg to second . Encarnacion singled to left , Freel scored , Hatteberg to third . Dunn fouled out to third . Valentin singled to right , Hatteberg scored , Encarnacion to second . Encarnacion stole third . White pitching for Phillies . Phillips singled to right center , Encarnacion scored , Valentin to third . Guardado pitching for Reds . Clayton grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Guardado pitching for Reds . Nunez struck out swinging . Victorino flied out to center . Lieberthal hit for White . Rollins homered to left . Lieberthal singled to center . Utley hit by pitch , Lieberthal to second . Howard struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 9 - Phillies 7 .	Reds rough up Gordon , hold on to slim wild card lead