Nationals - Top 1st . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Soriano flied out to right . Lopez doubled to deep right center . Zimmerman grounded out to third . Lopez caught stealing third , catcher to third . Johnson batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Rollins walked . Victorino sacrificed to pitcher , Rollins to second . Utley flied out to center . Howard intentionally walked . Burrell singled to center , Rollins scored , Howard to third . Rowand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Burrell out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Johnson struck out looking . Kearns struck out swinging . Escobar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Lieberthal homered to left . Nunez flied out to left . Wolf walked . Rollins safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Johnson , Wolf to third . Victorino grounded out to second , Wolf scored , Rollins to third . Utley fouled out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 3rd . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Harper homered to left center . Castro lined out to second . Astacio singled to center . Soriano struck out swinging . Lopez singled to center , Astacio to second . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lopez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Howard walked . Burrell doubled to left , Howard scored . Rowand singled to left , Burrell to third . Lieberthal singled to left , Burrell scored , Rowand to second , Rowand to third , Lieberthal to second on throwing error by left fielder Soriano . Schroder pitching for Nationals . Nunez singled to center , Rowand scored , Lieberthal to third . Wolf hit sacrifice fly to left , Lieberthal scored . Rollins singled to right , Nunez to third . Victorino popped out to third . Utley flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 4th . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Johnson struck out swinging . Kearns struck out swinging . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Schroder pitching for Nationals . Howard grounded out to first . Burrell walked . Rowand singled to right center , Burrell to second . Lieberthal flied out to left . Hughes pitching for Nationals . Nunez homered to right , Burrell and Rowand scored . Wolf grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Harper popped out to second . Castro singled to center . Hughes singled to right , Castro to second . Soriano walked , Castro to third , Hughes to second . Lopez walked , Castro scored , Hughes to third , Soriano to second . Zimmerman lined out to third . Jackson at third base . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Hughes pitching for Nationals . Rollins flied out to right . Victorino grounded out to first . Sandoval at second base . Utley popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Kearns singled to center . Escobar singled to center , Kearns to second . Harper homered to left , Kearns and Escobar scored . White pitching for Phillies . Anderson hit for Hughes . Castro walked . Anderson doubled to deep right center , Castro scored . Soriano struck out swinging . Lopez walked . Jackson walked , Anderson to third , Lopez to second . Madson pitching for Phillies . Johnson walked , Anderson scored , Lopez to third , Jackson to second . Ward hit for Escobar . Kearns grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lopez scored , Johnson out at second , Jackson to third . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Anderson in center field . Ward struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Howard flied out to left . Burrell safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Jackson . Rowand singled to right , Burrell to second . Schneider hit for Harper . Lieberthal flied into double play , center to second , Burrell doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 7th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Schneider singled to right . Castro struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to pitcher , Schneider to second . Soriano walked . Schneider catching . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Nunez doubled to deep right . Madson sacrificed into fielder 's choice to catcher , Nunez to third . Rollins walked , Madson to second . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Nunez out at home , Madson to third , Rollins to second . Sandoval hit sacrifice fly to center , Madson scored , Rollins to third . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Howard intentionally walked , Victorino to second . Roberson in left field . Burrell flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Jackson flied out to right . Johnson singled to center . Church hit for Rauch . Kearns walked , Johnson to second . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Church hit by pitch , Johnson to third , Kearns to second . Schneider singled to left center , Johnson and Kearns scored , Church to second . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Schneider out at second , Church to third . Church in center field . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Anderson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Rowand singled to left . Lieberthal sacrificed to third , Rowand to second , Lieberthal safe at first on error by third baseman Jackson . Dellucci hit for Fultz . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rowand to third , Lieberthal to second . Dellucci struck out swinging . Rollins hit sacrifice fly to left , Rowand scored . Rhodes pitching for Phillies . Victorino flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 9th . Rhodes pitching for Phillies . Soriano struck out swinging . Vidro hit for Jackson . Lopez struck out looking . Vidro doubled to left . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 10 - Phillies 12 .	Nunez 's four RBI help Phils win 12 - 10 slugfest with Nats