Phillies - Top 1st . Armas pitching for Nationals . Rollins singled to left . Victorino singled to left , Rollins to second . Utley grounded out to first , Rollins to third , Victorino to second . Howard intentionally walked . Dellucci struck out swinging . Burrell singled to center , Rollins and Victorino scored , Howard to second . Lieberthal flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Myers pitching for Phillies . Soriano struck out swinging . Lopez flied out to left . Zimmerman singled to center . Johnson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Armas pitching for Nationals . Nunez grounded out to first . Myers grounded out to shortstop . Rollins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Kearns popped out to second . Vidro grounded out to second . Church doubled to deep center . Schneider struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Armas pitching for Nationals . Victorino grounded out to first . Utley flied out to center . Howard singled to right . Dellucci grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Armas Jr struck out swinging . Soriano homered to center . Lopez grounded out to third . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Armas pitching for Nationals . Burrell singled to center . Lieberthal homered to left center , Burrell scored . Nunez singled to center . Myers sacrificed to pitcher , Nunez to second . Rollins doubled to deep right , Nunez scored . Wagner pitching for Nationals . Victorino popped out to shortstop . Utley grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . Kearns flied out to center . Vidro singled to center . Church struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Wagner pitching for Nationals . Howard struck out swinging . Dellucci grounded out to pitcher . Burrell walked . Lieberthal grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Burrell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Castro hit for Wagner . Myers pitching for Phillies . Schneider grounded out to second . Castro reached on infield single to shortstop . Soriano reached on infield single to third , Castro to second . Lopez lined out to center . Zimmerman tripled to deep center , Castro and Soriano scored . Gryboski pitching for Nationals . Johnson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Gryboski pitching for Nationals . Nunez reached on infield single to second . Myers sacrificed to third , Nunez to second . Rollins reached on infield single to first , Nunez scored on throwing error by first baseman Johnson . Victorino singled to center , Rollins to second . Utley flied out to center . Howard homered to center , Rollins and Victorino scored . Dellucci flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Kearns walked . Vidro flied out to center . Church struck out looking . Anderson hit for Gryboski . Schneider singled to center , Kearns to third . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schneider out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Burrell walked . Lieberthal singled to center , Burrell to second . Roberson hit for Myers . Nunez singled to right , Burrell to third , Lieberthal to second . Roberson struck out swinging . Rollins fouled out to third . Victorino walked , Burrell scored , Lieberthal to third , Nunez to second . Dellucci in left field . Geary pitching for Phillies . Roberson in right field . Utley flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Soriano flied out to right . Lopez grounded out to second . Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Mateo at shortstop . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Howard walked . Thurston hit for Geary . Dellucci flied out to center . Thurston grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Howard out at second . Madson pitching for Phillies . Lieberthal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Kearns flied out to right . Vidro doubled to deep center . Church singled to center , Vidro scored . Schneider grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Church out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Nunez struck out swinging . Roberson singled to shallow right . Rollins lined out to right . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Victorino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Mateo walked . Harper hit for Bergmann . Soriano struck out swinging . Harper popped out to second . Zimmerman doubled to deep right center , Mateo scored . Johnson singled to center , Zimmerman scored . Rhodes pitching for Phillies . Kearns doubled to left , Johnson to third . Vidro struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 10 - Nationals 6 .	Howard 's league - leading 48th HR ties Phils ' mark in win