Angels - Top 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Figgins grounded out to second . Cabrera walked . Guerrero fouled out to third . Anderson fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Lackey pitching for Angels . Suzuki flied out to left . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez reached on infield single to pitcher . Sexson singled to left , Ibanez to third . Beltre struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Rivera hit by pitch . Erstad singled to right , Rivera to second . Kotchman grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Erstad out at second , Rivera to third . Molina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Everett lined out to left . Johjima homered to left . Reed singled to left center . Betancourt singled to right , Reed to third , Betancourt to second on throwing error by right fielder Guerrero . Suzuki hit by pitch . Lopez singled to left , Reed and Betancourt scored , Suzuki to second . Ibanez grounded out to first , Suzuki to third , Lopez to second . Sexson singled to deep center , Suzuki and Lopez scored , Sexson out stretching at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Kennedy struck out swinging . Figgins lined out to third . Cabrera walked . Guerrero struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Beltre singled to left . Everett popped out to shortstop . Johjima struck out swinging . Reed grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Anderson grounded out to second . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Erstad doubled to right . Kotchman grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Betancourt safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Figgins . Suzuki singled to center , Betancourt to second . Lopez sacrificed to third , Betancourt to third , Suzuki to second . Ibanez intentionally walked . Sexson struck out looking . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 5th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Molina flied out to center . Kennedy grounded out to third . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Figgins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Everett walked . Johjima flied out to right . Reed grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Everett safe at third on error by shortstop Cabrera . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Everett scored , Reed out at second . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 6th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Cabrera doubled to deep left . Guerrero singled to center , Cabrera to third . Anderson homered to right , Cabrera and Guerrero scored . Rivera popped out to shortstop . Erstad grounded out to second . Kotchman grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Ibanez struck out swinging . Sexson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Molina grounded out to third . Kennedy singled to center . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Figgins singled to center , Kennedy to second . Cabrera fouled out to third . Guerrero fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Beltre struck out looking . Everett doubled to deep center . Johjima grounded out to shortstop , Everett to third . Reed walked . Reed stole second . Putz pitching for Mariners . Betancourt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Anderson singled to right . Rivera homered to center , Anderson scored . Erstad struck out swinging . Kotchman struck out swinging . Yan pitching for Angels . Molina grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Yan pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to center . Lopez sacrificed to catcher , Suzuki to second . Ibanez intentionally walked . Sexson homered to left center , Suzuki and Ibanez scored . Beltre safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Kennedy . Beltre stole second . Everett grounded out to first , Beltre to third . Johjima singled to center , Beltre scored . Reed struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 9th . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Salmon homered to left . Figgins walked . Figgins to second on fielder 's indifference . Cabrera struck out swinging . Guerrero singled to right , Figgins scored . Anderson grounded out to third , Guerrero to second . Rivera doubled to deep right , Guerrero scored . Erstad flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 8 - Mariners 10 .	Sexson drives in five ; Johjima homers again for Seattle