Dodgers - Top 1st . Escobar pitching for Angels . Furcal flied out to center . Lofton grounded out to second . Garciaparra grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Figgins lined out to first . Izturis flied out to left . Cabrera walked . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Drew struck out looking . Kent struck out swinging . Ethier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Napoli homered to left . Anderson struck out looking . Salmon struck out looking . Rivera singled to left . Quinlan singled to left , Rivera to second , Rivera scored , Quinlan to second on error by left fielder Ethier . R Quinlan out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Kemp flied out to right . Hall singled to center . Izturis safe at first on error by first baseman Quinlan , Hall to second . Furcal struck out swinging . Lofton lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Figgins flied out to right . Izturis safe at first on error by first baseman Garciaparra . Izturis stole second . Cabrera flied out to left . Guerrero singled to center , Izturis scored . Napoli walked , Guerrero to second . Anderson doubled to deep right center , Guerrero and Napoli scored . Salmon flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 4th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Garciaparra singled to center . Drew reached on infield single to second , Garciaparra to second . Kent flied out to right . Ethier singled to center , Garciaparra thrown out at home , Drew to second . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Rivera singled to left . Quinlan grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rivera out at second . Figgins singled to shallow left . Izturis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Hall flied out to right . Izturis lined out to center . Furcal doubled to center , Furcal out stretching at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera grounded out to second . Guerrero grounded out to pitcher . Napoli grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Lofton doubled to left . Garciaparra grounded out to pitcher . Drew grounded out to second , Lofton to third . Sele pitching for Dodgers . Kent struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Sele pitching for Dodgers . Anderson singled to left . Salmon flied out to right . Murphy ran for Rivera . Rivera singled to left , Anderson to second . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Quinlan singled to center , Anderson to third , Murphy to second . Figgins walked , Anderson scored , Murphy to third , Quinlan to second . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murphy scored , Figgins out at second , Quinlan to third . Murphy in center field . Cabrera flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Ethier singled to center . Kemp singled to center , Ethier to second . Hall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kemp out at second , Ethier to third . Izturis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Guerrero flied out to center . Napoli homered to right center . Anderson grounded out to third . Figgins in right field . Kennedy at second base . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Salmon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Furcal walked . Lofton walked , Furcal to second . Garciaparra walked , Furcal to third , Lofton to second . Drew struck out swinging . Shields pitching for Angels . Kent singled to right , Furcal scored , Lofton to third , Garciaparra to second . Ethier struck out swinging . Kemp singled to center , Lofton scored , Garciaparra to third , Kent to second . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kemp out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Murphy singled to left . Quinlan singled to center , Murphy to third , Murphy scored , Quinlan to third on throwing error by center fielder Kemp . Figgins flied out to center . Aybar hit for Cabrera . Izturis lined out to shortstop . Aybar at shortstop . Morales at first base . Quinlan in left field . Gregg pitching for Angels . Aybar flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 9th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Izturis grounded out to second . Furcal struck out looking . Lofton walked . Garciaparra flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 2 - Angels 9 .	Escobar pitches Halos past Dodgers in L.A. Story , Part 2