Indians - Top 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Sizemore walked . Michaels singled to right , Sizemore to second . Hafner struck out looking . Martinez singled to left , Sizemore scored , Michaels to third . Blake grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Lee pitching for Indians . Figgins struck out swinging . Izturis struck out swinging . Cabrera popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Belliard flied out to left . Peralta grounded out to third . Boone doubled to deep center . Shoppach flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Lee pitching for Indians . Guerrero flied out to center . Napoli walked . Rivera flied out to center . Napoli caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Salmon batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Sizemore struck out swinging . Michaels walked . Hafner grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Michaels out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Lee pitching for Indians . Salmon flied out to center . Kendrick flied out to right . Quinlan doubled to deep left . Figgins walked . Izturis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Martinez singled to right center . Blake grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . Belliard walked . Peralta lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Lee pitching for Indians . Cabrera doubled to deep left . Guerrero singled to left center , Cabrera scored . Napoli walked , Guerrero to second . Rivera flied out to right , Guerrero to third . Salmon doubled to deep right , Guerrero scored , Napoli to third . Kendrick singled to left center , Napoli and Salmon scored . Quinlan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendrick out at second . Figgins singled to right , Quinlan to second , Quinlan scored on error by right fielder Blake . Izturis popped out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 5th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Boone walked . Shoppach grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Boone out at second . Sizemore grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Lee pitching for Indians . Cabrera lined out to left . Guerrero flied out to center . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Michaels flied out to right . Hafner struck out swinging . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Rivera homered to left center . Salmon grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick struck out swinging . Quinlan grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Blake safe at third on error by right fielder Guerrero . Belliard popped out to second . Peralta struck out swinging . Boone safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Izturis , Blake scored . Shoppach grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Figgins singled to center . Figgins caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Izturis singled to center . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Izturis to second . Guerrero intentionally walked . Izturis to third , Guerrero to second on passed ball by Shoppach . Shields pitching for Angels . Napoli struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Sizemore singled to center . Michaels grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Sizemore out at second . Sikorski pitching for Indians . Hafner flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Sikorski pitching for Indians . Rivera homered to left center . Salmon struck out swinging . Kendrick flied out to right . Gregg pitching for Angels . Quinlan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Martinez struck out swinging . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Blake batting . Belliard batting . Peralta batting . Boone batting . Broussard batting . Hollandsworth hit for Michaels . Sizemore singled to right , Boone scored , Broussard to third . Hollandsworth flied out to right . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 5 - Angels 7 .	Saunders sharp as Angels win 13th of 14