Angels - Top 1st . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Figgins flied out to center . Izturis struck out swinging . Cabrera safe at first on error by second baseman Cantu . Guerrero singled to left , Cabrera to second . Rivera doubled to deep right center , Cabrera and Guerrero scored . Salmon lined out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Colon pitching for Angels . Lugo singled to left . Crawford singled to deep right , Lugo to third . Crawford stole second , Lugo scored , Crawford safe at third on throwing error by catcher Molina . Baldelli homered to left center , Crawford scored . Wigginton homered to right . Lee popped out to shortstop . Cantu struck out swinging . Norton grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 2nd . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Kendrick walked . Quinlan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kendrick out at second . Quinlan to second on wild pitch by Fossum . Molina doubled to deep left , Quinlan scored . Figgins reached on infield single to shortstop , Molina to third . Izturis doubled to left , Molina and Figgins scored . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Cabrera singled to left , Izturis scored , Cabrera to second advancing on throw . Guerrero safe at first on error by third baseman Wigginton , Cabrera to third . Rivera doubled to deep right center , Cabrera and Guerrero scored . Salmon walked . Kendrick singled to center , Rivera to third , Salmon to second . Quinlan singled to left , Rivera scored , Salmon to third , Kendrick to second . Molina lined out to shortstop . Figgins doubled to left , Salmon and Kendrick scored , Quinlan to third . Harville pitching for Devil Rays . Izturis singled to left , Quinlan scored , Figgins to third . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Izturis out at second . 10 Runs , 9 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Gregg pitching for Angels . Gomes struck out swinging . Navarro singled to center . Lugo flied out to left . Crawford tripled to deep center , Navarro scored . Baldelli grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Harville pitching for Devil Rays . Guerrero singled to center . Rivera flied out to center . Salmon singled to right , Guerrero to second . Kendrick lined out to first . Quinlan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Salmon out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Gregg pitching for Angels . Wigginton struck out looking . Lee walked . Lee to second on wild pitch by Gregg . Cantu singled to center , Lee to third . Lee scored , Cantu to second on wild pitch by Gregg . Norton struck out looking . Gomes flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Harville pitching for Devil Rays . Molina struck out swinging . Figgins flied out to left . Izturis singled to left . Izturis caught stealing second , catcher to second . Cabrera batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Navarro singled to deep right . Lugo flied out to left . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Crawford grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Navarro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Cabrera singled to center . Guerrero flied out to left . Rivera singled to left , Cabrera to second . Salmon grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Rivera out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Baldelli struck out swinging . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Wigginton singled to left . Lee grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wigginton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Kendrick homered to right . Quinlan flied out to right . Molina struck out swinging . Figgins grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Cantu grounded out to first . Norton struck out swinging . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Gomes popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Izturis walked . Cabrera grounded out to second , Izturis to second . Guerrero flied out to center , Izturis to third . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Navarro grounded out to second . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Pride hit for Salmon . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Pride doubled to deep center . Kendrick safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Lugo , Pride to third . Quinlan doubled to left , Pride and Kendrick scored . Molina flied out to center . Figgins flied out to center . Figgins in right field . Willits in center field . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Baldelli struck out swinging . Wigginton grounded out to third . Lee walked . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Cantu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Willits struck out swinging . Rivera walked . Pride singled to left , Rivera to second . Romero pitching for Angels . Kendrick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Romero pitching for Angels . Norton walked . Gomes struck out swinging . Hollins hit for Lugo . Navarro fouled out to first . Norton to second on fielder 's indifference . Hollins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 15 - Devil Rays 6 .	Colon leaves early ; Rivera powers Angels ' rout of Rays