Angels - Top 1st . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Figgins struck out swinging . Izturis grounded out to first . Cabrera doubled to deep right center . Guerrero singled to right , Cabrera scored , Guerrero to second on error by catcher Johjima . Rivera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Angels . Suzuki homered to right center . Snelling homered to right . Beltre doubled to deep left . Beltre to third on wild pitch by Weaver . Ibanez doubled to center , Beltre scored . Sexson grounded out to pitcher , Ibanez to third . Broussard struck out swinging . Johjima fouled out to catcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Anderson struck out swinging . Quinlan flied out to center . Kendrick grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Lopez flied out to left . Betancourt walked . Suzuki singled to right , Betancourt to second . Snelling struck out swinging . Beltre popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Napoli flied out to right . Figgins grounded out to second . Izturis singled to right . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Ibanez homered to right . Sexson flied out to left . Broussard singled to center . Johjima safe at second on error by third baseman Izturis , Broussard to third . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Broussard out at home , Johjima to third , Lopez to second . Betancourt flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 4th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Guerrero grounded out to third . Rivera grounded out to first . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Suzuki popped out to second . Snelling homered to right . Beltre lined out to left . Ibanez walked . Sexson struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Quinlan reached on infield single to shortstop . Kendrick flied out to center . Napoli walked , Quinlan to second . Figgins struck out swinging . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Napoli out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Broussard reached on infield single to shortstop . Broussard stole second . Johjima safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera . Lopez sacrificed to catcher , Broussard to third , Johjima to second . Romero pitching for Angels . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Broussard out at home , Johjima to third , Betancourt to second . Suzuki intentionally walked . Snelling grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 6th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Cabrera flied out to right . Guerrero fouled out to first . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Rivera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Beltre singled to left center . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Beltre out at second . Sexson singled to left , Ibanez to second . Broussard flied out to center . Johjima safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Izturis , Ibanez scored , Sexson to third . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johjima out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 7th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Anderson homered to right . Quinlan homered to left . Kendrick flied out to center . Napoli walked . Figgins flied out to center . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Napoli out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Betancourt lined out to center . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Snelling grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Cabrera struck out swinging . Green pitching for Mariners . Guerrero reached on infield single to catcher . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Rivera singled to left , Guerrero to third . Putz pitching for Mariners . Anderson doubled to right , Guerrero scored , Rivera to third . Quinlan struck out swinging . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Kendrick lined out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Beltre lined out to center . Ibanez fouled out to third . Sexson singled to left . Kennedy hit for Napoli . Broussard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Kennedy flied out to center . Figgins fouled out to catcher . Izturis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 4 - Mariners 6 .	M 's win overshadowed by Soriano getting hit in head