Red Sox - Top 1st. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Damon flied out to center. Nixon grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Jeter singled to center. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher, Jeter to second. Jeter caught stealing third, catcher to third. Sheffield grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Ortiz singled to right center. Millar singled to left, Ortiz to second. Renteria grounded into double play, third to second to first, Millar out at second, Ortiz to third. Mirabelli grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Matsui flied out to left. Posada grounded out to pitcher. Giambi flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Mueller flied out to left. Bellhorn struck out swinging. Damon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Martinez grounded out to second. Williams struck out swinging. Womack grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Nixon walked. Ramirez singled to center, Nixon to second. Ortiz singled to right, Nixon to third, Ramirez to second. Millar singled to left, Nixon and Ramirez scored, Ortiz to second. Renteria lined into double play, second to shortstop, Ortiz doubled off second. Mirabelli singled to center, Millar to third. Mueller grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Jeter grounded out to third. Rodriguez homered to center. Sheffield flied out to center. Matsui struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Bellhorn struck out swinging. Damon singled to left center. Nixon walked, Damon to second. Ramirez grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Nixon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Posada grounded out to first. Giambi struck out swinging. Martinez homered to right. Williams walked. Womack grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Ortiz flied out to left. Millar singled to center. McCarty ran for Millar. Renteria singled to left, McCarty to second. Mirabelli flied out to left. McCarty at first base. Mueller grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Jeter struck out swinging. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Sturtze pitching for Red Sox. Sheffield flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Bellhorn singled to right center. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bellhorn out at second. Nixon walked, Damon tagged out at second. Ramirez lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Matsui flied out to right. Posada lined out to center. Crosby ran for Giambi. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Giambi walked. Martinez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Ortiz doubled to deep center. McCarty flied out to right. Renteria grounded out to second, Ortiz to third. Mirabelli popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Williams flied out to right. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Womack walked. Jeter hit by pitch, Womack to second. Rodriguez walked, Womack to third, Jeter to second. Sheffield hit sacrifice fly to left, Womack scored. Matsui walked, Jeter to third, Rodriguez to second. Sanchez at shortstop. Rivera pitching for Red Sox. Posada grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Mueller walked. Bellhorn singled to right, Mueller to second. Damon singled to right, Mueller to third, Bellhorn to second. Nixon struck out swinging. Ramirez safe at first on error by third baseman Rodriguez, Mueller scored, Bellhorn to third, Damon to second. Ortiz grounded out to pitcher, Bellhorn scored, Damon to third, Ramirez to second. McCarty walked. Renteria singled to shallow left center, Damon and Ramirez scored, McCarty to second. Rodriguez pitching for Yankees. Mirabelli walked, McCarty to third, Renteria to second. McCarty scored, Renteria to third, Mirabelli to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Foulke pitching for Yankees. Sierra hit for Crosby. Mueller struck out looking. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Sierra doubled to deep right center. Martinez flied out to center. Williams flied out to right. Womack flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 7 - Yankees 3.	Crying a Rivera: Red Sox get to closer again