Yankees - Top 1st. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Williams grounded out to shortstop. Sheffield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Zaun reached on infield single to second. Hillenbrand singled to center, Zaun to second. Koskie struck out swinging. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hillenbrand out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Matsui struck out swinging. Rodriguez walked. Rodriguez caught stealing second, pitcher to first to third. Giambi lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Hinske flied out to right. Rios flied out to center. Hudson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Posada grounded out to shortstop. Martinez struck out swinging. Sanchez hit by pitch. Jeter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. McDonald struck out swinging. Catalanotto singled to left. Zaun doubled to deep left, Catalanotto to third. Hillenbrand hit by pitch. Koskie grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Catalanotto out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Williams singled to center. Sheffield doubled to deep center, Williams scored, Sheffield to third advancing on throw. Matsui hit sacrifice fly to left, Sheffield scored. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Giambi grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Wells safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter. Hinske struck out swinging. Rios grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Wells out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Posada walked. Martinez singled to right, Posada to second. Sanchez sacrificed to pitcher, Posada to third, Martinez to second. Jeter hit sacrifice fly to right, Posada scored, Martinez to third. Williams singled to left, Martinez scored. Sheffield grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Williams out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Hudson singled to center. McDonald singled to right, Hudson to third. Catalanotto singled to center, Hudson scored, McDonald to third. Zaun struck out swinging. Hillenbrand singled to left, McDonald scored, Catalanotto to second. Koskie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hillenbrand out at second, Catalanotto to third. Wells singled to left, Catalanotto scored, Koskie to second. Hinske flied out to center. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Matsui struck out looking. Rodriguez singled to center. Giambi singled to center, Rodriguez to second. Posada grounded out to second, Rodriguez to third, Giambi to second. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Rios singled to right. Hudson walked, Rios to second. Groom pitching for Yankees. Johnson hit for Catalanotto. McDonald sacrificed to first, Rios to third, Hudson to second. Johnson intentionally walked. Rodriguez pitching for Yankees. Zaun popped out to second. Johnson in left field. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Hillenbrand grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Sanchez grounded out to third. Jeter singled to left. Williams struck out looking. Sheffield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Yankees. Koskie popped out to second. Stanton pitching for Yankees. Wells doubled to left. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Hinske flied out to center. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Rios grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Matsui grounded out to second. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Crosby ran for Giambi. Giambi walked. Posada singled to center, Crosby to third. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Adams hit for McDonald. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Hudson walked. Adams struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. Adams at shortstop. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Zaun grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hudson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Sanchez flied out to right. Jeter reached on infield single to second. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Williams grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jeter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Hillenbrand popped out to first. Koskie flied out to center. Wells singled to center. Hinske singled to center, Wells to third. Rios grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 4 - Blue Jays 3.	Mussina wins first as Yanks deal Chacin first loss