Angels - Top 1st. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Erstad struck out swinging. Figgins grounded out to second. Guerrero singled to center. Anderson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Colon pitching for Angels. Jeter walked. Williams fouled out to third. Sheffield flied out to center. Matsui walked, Jeter to second. Rodriguez homered to left center, Jeter and Matsui scored. Giambi struck out looking. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Finley flied out to right. Cabrera flied out to right. McPherson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Colon pitching for Angels. Posada popped out to first. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Womack doubled to right. Jeter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Molina grounded out to shortstop. DaVanon singled to left center. DaVanon stole second. Erstad walked. Figgins walked, DaVanon to third, Erstad to second. Guerrero reached on infield single to third, DaVanon scored, Erstad to third, Figgins to second. Anderson grounded out to third, Erstad scored, Figgins to third, Guerrero to second. Finley grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Colon pitching for Angels. Williams flied out to center. Sheffield walked. Matsui flied out to center. Rodriguez homered to left, Sheffield scored. Giambi walked. Posada struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. McPherson doubled to deep left. Molina struck out swinging, McPherson stole third. DaVanon grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Colon pitching for Angels. Phillips safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Figgins. Womack popped out to shortstop. Jeter singled to center, Phillips to third. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Phillips scored, Jeter safe at second on error by second baseman Figgins. Sheffield flied out to left, Jeter to third, Williams to second. Matsui walked. Gregg pitching for Angels. Rodriguez homered to center, Jeter, Williams and Matsui scored. Giambi flied out to right. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Erstad singled to center. Figgins doubled to deep right, Erstad to third. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop, Erstad scored, Figgins to third. Anderson lined out to shortstop. Finley flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Posada flied out to center. Phillips hit ground rule double to deep center. Womack singled to left, Phillips to third. Jeter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Womack out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Cabrera flied out to right. McPherson grounded out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Williams singled to center. Sheffield flied out to center. Matsui walked, Williams to second. Rodriguez singled to center, Williams scored, Matsui to second. Giambi walked, Matsui to third, Rodriguez to second. Posada grounded out to second, Matsui scored, Rodriguez to third, Giambi to second. Phillips struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Pavano pitching for Yankees. DaVanon grounded out to shortstop. Erstad grounded out to first. Figgins reached on infield single to second. Merloni at first base. Rivera in right field. Quinlan in left field. DaVanon in center field. Guerrero flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Womack singled to left. Jeter struck out swinging. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Womack out at second. Crosby ran for Williams. Sheffield singled to center, Crosby to second. Crosby in center field. Bean pitching for Yankees. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sheffield out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Bean pitching for Yankees. Rivera grounded out to third. Quinlan lined out to shortstop. Cabrera fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Woods pitching for Angels. Rodriguez lined out to center. Giambi singled to right. Posada flied out to right. Sanchez at third base. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Giambi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Bean pitching for Yankees. McPherson walked. Molina walked, McPherson to second. DaVanon grounded out to pitcher, McPherson to third, Molina to second. Merloni struck out swinging. Paul hit for Woods. Figgins singled to right, McPherson scored, Molina to third. Paul struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 4 - Yankees 12.	A-Rod hits three homers, drives in 10 in Yanks' win