Athletics - Top 1st. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Kotsay flied out to left. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Chavez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Zito pitching for Athletics. Jeter flied out to left. Womack singled to left. Sheffield struck out looking. Matsui tripled to deep right center, Womack scored. Rodriguez popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Hatteberg doubled to deep left. Kielty flied out to left. Durazo grounded out to second, Hatteberg to third. Ginter lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Williams grounded out to shortstop. Phillips flied out to right. Flaherty flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Byrnes homered to center. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. Kotsay grounded out to second. Kendall walked. Kendall stole second. Chavez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Cano struck out swinging. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Womack grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Hatteberg walked. Kielty homered to right, Hatteberg scored. Durazo flied out to center. Ginter flied out to left. Byrnes grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Sheffield struck out swinging. Matsui grounded out to second. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Scutaro struck out looking. Kotsay reached on infield single to pitcher. Kendall singled to right, Kotsay to third. Chavez lined into double play, third to first, Kendall doubled off first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Williams grounded out to third. Phillips doubled to deep center. Flaherty flied out to left. Cano grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Hatteberg flied out to left. Kielty walked. Kielty stole second. Durazo lined out to shortstop. Ginter flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Jeter flied out to right. Womack grounded out to second. Sheffield reached on infield single to third. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sheffield out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Byrnes struck out swinging. Scutaro reached on infield single to shortstop. Kotsay singled to center, Scutaro to second. Kendall grounded into double play, third to first, Scutaro out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez lined out to third. Williams struck out swinging. Groom pitching for Yankees. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Groom pitching for Yankees. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. Hatteberg struck out looking. Thomas in left field. Byrnes in right field. Kielty grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Flaherty walked. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Flaherty out at second. Posada hit for Womack. Jeter safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Chavez, Cano to third. Dotel pitching for Athletics. Posada singled to right, Cano scored, Jeter to second. Jeter stole third, Posada stole second. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop, Jeter scored. Matsui intentionally walked. Posada out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Martinez at first base. Phillips in left field. Rodriguez batting. Rivera pitching for Yankees. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Durazo grounded out to pitcher. Ginter struck out looking. Byrnes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Dotel pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Williams struck out looking. Phillips fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 10th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Scutaro walked. Kotsay struck out looking. Kendall hit by pitch, Scutaro to second. Chavez reached on infield single to shortstop, Scutaro to third, Kendall to second. Hatteberg safe at first on error by first baseman Martinez, Scutaro scored, Kendall advanced to third on play, Chavez advanced to second on play, Kendall scored, Chavez to third on throw. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to third, Chavez out at home, Hatteberg to second. Durazo safe at first on error by third baseman Rodriguez, Hatteberg to third, Thomas to second. Ginter walked, Hatteberg scored, Thomas to third, Durazo to second. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Byrnes struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 3 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 10th. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Martinez walked. Calero pitching for Athletics. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to left, Martinez out at second. Jeter flied out to right. Posada popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 6 - Yankees 3.	A's end 3-game skid with 10-inning win vs. Yanks