Tigers - Top 1st. Wang pitching for Yankees. Inge lined out to right. Guillen bunt grounded out to catcher. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Jeter singled to left. Cano sacrificed to pitcher, Jeter to second. Sheffield singled to left, Jeter scored. Matsui grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sheffield out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Wang pitching for Yankees. White struck out swinging. Young grounded out to second. Monroe grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Rodriguez walked. Posada grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodriguez out at second. Giambi lined out to second, Posada to second on throwing error by second baseman Infante. Williams flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 3rd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Pena grounded out to first. Thames fouled out to catcher. Infante flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Martinez singled to left center. Jeter doubled to deep right, Martinez to third. Cano popped out to shortstop. Sheffield intentionally walked. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to first, Martinez out at home, Jeter to third, Sheffield to second. Rodriguez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Inge singled to center. Guillen singled to right, Inge to third. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to right, Inge scored. White singled to left center, Guillen to second. Young grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, White out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Posada reached on infield single to third. Giambi struck out swinging. Posada picked off first. Williams grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Monroe grounded out to shortstop. Pena struck out looking. Thames grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Martinez grounded out to second. Jeter grounded out to third. Cano grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Infante flied out to center. Inge reached on infield single to shortstop. Inge stole second. Guillen safe at first on error by second baseman Cano, Inge to third. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Guillen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Sheffield walked. Matsui reached on infield single to first, Sheffield to second. Rodriguez doubled to deep left, Sheffield scored, Matsui to third. Walker pitching for Tigers. Posada singled to left, Matsui and Rodriguez scored. Giambi popped out to first. Williams grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Posada out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Wang pitching for Yankees. White hit by pitch. Young grounded out to pitcher, White to second. Stanton pitching for Yankees. Martinez hit for Pena. Monroe singled to right, White to third. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Martinez singled to left, White scored, Monroe to second. Thames popped out to shortstop. Monroe to third, Martinez to second on wild pitch by Sturtze. Martinez at first base. Infante struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Walker pitching for Tigers. Martinez grounded out to second. Jeter grounded out to third. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Cano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Inge struck out swinging. Guillen struck out swinging. German pitching for Tigers. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. German pitching for Tigers. Sheffield struck out swinging. Matsui walked. Rodriguez struck out swinging, Matsui stole second. Creek pitching for Tigers. Sierra hit for Giambi. Posada intentionally walked. Sierra walked, Matsui to third, Posada to second. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sierra out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. White grounded out to first. Young grounded out to pitcher. Monroe walked. Martinez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 2 - Yankees 4.	Jeter's amazing catch tames Tigers