Yankees - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for White Sox. Jeter grounded out to catcher. Williams grounded out to pitcher. Sheffield popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Perez safe at second on error by first baseman Martinez. Iguchi struck out swinging. Everett grounded out to third, Perez to third. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez flied out to center. Matsui popped out to shortstop. Giambi grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. Dye fouled out to first. Crede struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for White Sox. Posada struck out swinging. Martinez struck out swinging. Cano fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Blum singled to right center. Uribe walked, Blum to second. Perez popped into double play, shortstop to second, Blum doubled off second. Iguchi popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for White Sox. Jeter singled to center. Williams singled to right, Jeter to second. Sheffield grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jeter scored on throwing error by pitcher Hernandez, Williams safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Hernandez. Rodriguez doubled to left, Williams and Sheffield scored. Matsui struck out swinging. Rodriguez to third on balk by Hernandez. Rodriguez picked off third. Giambi struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Everett struck out swinging. Pierzynski flied out to center. Rowand lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for White Sox. Posada walked. Martinez singled to right, Posada to second. Cano hit by pitch, Posada to third, Martinez to second. Jeter struck out swinging. Williams hit sacrifice fly to right, Posada scored, Martinez to third. Sheffield grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Dye hit ground rule double to deep left. Crede flied out to center. Blum grounded out to first, Dye to third. Uribe walked. Perez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez flied out to right. Matsui safe at first on error by pitcher Hernandez. Womack hit for Giambi. Womack grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Matsui out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Iguchi singled to left. Everett flied out to center. Pierzynski walked, Iguchi to second. Rowand struck out swinging. Dye grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierzynski out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for White Sox. Posada hit ground rule double to deep right. Posada to third on wild pitch by Hernandez. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Martinez singled to center, Posada scored. Cano popped out to shortstop. Jeter struck out swinging. Williams grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Crede popped out to shortstop. Blum fouled out to third. Uribe flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Sheffield struck out swinging. Rodriguez walked. Rodriguez stole second. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Matsui intentionally walked. Womack grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matsui out at second, Rodriguez to third. Posada walked, Womack to second. Martinez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Perez flied out to left. Iguchi doubled to deep right. Everett struck out swinging. Vizcaino pitching for White Sox. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Vizcaino pitching for White Sox. Cano grounded out to second. Jeter singled to right center. Williams struck out swinging. Crosby in right field. Rodriguez pitching for Yankees. Sheffield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Yankees. Rowand struck out swinging. Dye flied out to left. Crede flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 5 - White Sox 0.	ChiSox slide hits seven against Yanks