Yankees - Top 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Jeter reached on infield single to second. Rodriguez flied out to right. Giambi popped out to shortstop. Sheffield walked, Jeter to second. Matsui doubled to deep right, Jeter scored, Sheffield to third. Posada walked. Williams struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Wang pitching for Yankees. Lugo struck out looking. Crawford doubled to center. Cantu grounded into fielder's choice to second, Crawford out at third. Huff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Sierra grounded out to first. Cano struck out looking. Jeter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Gomes flied out to right. Lee flied out to center. Hall grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lugo. Giambi grounded out to shortstop, Rodriguez to second. Sheffield singled to left, Rodriguez to third. Matsui struck out swinging. Posada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Gathright grounded out to pitcher. Lugo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Williams singled to center. Sierra flied out to center. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Williams out at second. Jeter safe at first on error by shortstop Lugo, Cano to second. Rodriguez singled to center, Cano scored, Jeter to third. Giambi popped out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Cantu singled to center. Huff singled to center, Cantu to third. Gomes singled to left, Cantu scored, Huff to second. Lee popped out to shortstop. Hall singled to right center, Huff scored, Gomes to third. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hall out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Sheffield singled to right. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to first, Sheffield out at second. Posada flied out to center. Williams reached on infield single to second, Matsui to second. Sierra walked, Matsui to third, Williams to second. Cano singled to right, Matsui and Williams scored, Sierra to third. Jeter flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Gathright reached on infield single to second. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gathright out at second. Crawford tripled to deep center, Lugo scored. Cantu grounded out to shortstop, Crawford scored. Orvella pitching for Devil Rays. Huff grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Orvella pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Giambi flied out to center. Sheffield fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Gomes struck out swinging. Lee struck out swinging. Hall flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Orvella pitching for Devil Rays. Matsui doubled to deep right. Posada flied out to center, Matsui to third. Williams walked. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Sierra walked, Williams to second. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Cano popped out to shortstop. Jeter singled to right, Matsui and Williams scored, Sierra to third. Crosby in right field. Rodriguez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez doubled to left. Gathright singled to left, Gonzalez to third. Gathright stole second. Embree pitching for Yankees. Lugo grounded out to pitcher. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Crawford grounded out to second, Gonzalez scored, Gathright to third. Green ran for Cantu. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Cantu hit by pitch. Green stole second. Green at second base. Borowski pitching for Devil Rays. Huff flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Borowski pitching for Devil Rays. Giambi grounded out to shortstop. Sheffield grounded out to third. Matsui struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Gomes struck out looking. Lee flied out to left. Hall popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Borowski pitching for Devil Rays. Posada walked. Williams flied out to center. Crosby singled to right, Posada to second. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Cano flied out to center, Posada to third. Jeter walked, Crosby to second. Phillips at first base. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Rodriguez popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Perez hit for Gathright. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Perez struck out swinging. Lugo walked. Lugo caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Crawford batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 6 - Devil Rays 5.	Yankees clip Devil Rays, stay in thick of playoff hunt