Blue Jays - Top 1st. Wright pitching for Yankees. Adams singled to right. Catalanotto singled to left center, Adams to second. Wells singled to center, Adams to third, Catalanotto to second. Hillenbrand reached on infield single to pitcher, Adams scored, Catalanotto to third, Wells to second. Hinske hit sacrifice fly to left, Catalanotto scored, Hinske safe at second on error by left fielder Matsui. Wells scored, Hillenbrand to third, Hinske to second on error by left fielder. Zaun grounded out to pitcher. Johnson hit sacrifice fly to center, Hillenbrand scored, Hinske to third. Gross struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter hit by pitch. Rodriguez homered to center, Jeter scored. Giambi struck out swinging. Sheffield flied out to left. Matsui walked. Posada struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Wright pitching for Yankees. Hill singled to left. Adams singled to left, Hill to second. Small pitching for Yankees. Catalanotto walked, Hill to third, Adams to second. Wells fouled out to first. Hillenbrand safe at first on error by second baseman Cano, Hill and Adams scored, Catalanotto to third. Hinske hit sacrifice fly to center, Catalanotto scored. Hillenbrand stole second. Zaun struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Cano grounded out to second. Williams struck out swinging. Crosby reached on infield single to catcher. Jeter hit by pitch, Crosby to second. Rodriguez singled to right, Crosby scored, Jeter to second. Giambi popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Small pitching for Yankees. Johnson singled to left. Gross lined into double play, shortstop to first, Johnson doubled off first. Hill singled to left. Adams flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Sheffield flied out to left. Matsui flied out to left. Posada struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Small pitching for Yankees. Catalanotto flied out to right. Wells popped out to first. Hillenbrand grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Cano grounded out to pitcher. Williams grounded out to third. Crosby grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Small pitching for Yankees. Hinske singled to right. Zaun flied out to left. Johnson grounded out to third, Hinske to second. Gross flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez walked. Giambi flied out to right. Sheffield singled to left, Rodriguez to second. Matsui flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Small pitching for Yankees. Hill flied out to left. Adams grounded out to first. Catalanotto popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Posada lined out to shortstop. Cano grounded out to pitcher. Sierra hit for Crosby. Williams safe at first on error by second baseman Hill. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Sierra singled to right, Williams to third. Jeter reached on infield single to pitcher, Williams scored, Sierra to second. Sierra in right field. Rodriguez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Small pitching for Yankees. Wells flied out to center. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. Hinske struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Giambi walked. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Sheffield flied out to right. Matsui singled to deep right, Giambi to third. Posada grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Matsui out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Small pitching for Yankees. Zaun flied out to right. Johnson struck out swinging. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Gross singled to right. Hill struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Cano grounded out to third. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Williams singled to left. Sierra struck out swinging. Jeter walked, Williams to second. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez walked, Williams to third, Jeter to second. Giambi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Adams walked. Catalanotto sacrificed to third, Adams to second. Wells grounded out to first, Adams to third. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Sheffield struck out swinging. Matsui struck out swinging. Posada struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 7 - Yankees 4.	Yankees come undone, so does winning streak