Angels - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Figgins flied out to right. Cabrera flied out to center. Guerrero singled to right. Molina singled to center, Guerrero to third. Anderson homered to right, Guerrero and Molina scored. Rivera struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Byrd pitching for Angels. Jeter struck out swinging. Rodriguez doubled to deep right. Giambi flied out to left. Sheffield grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Erstad grounded out to shortstop. Quinlan popped out to second. Kennedy singled to right. Kennedy caught stealing second, catcher to second. Figgins batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Byrd pitching for Angels. Matsui grounded out to second. Cano flied out to left. Williams singled to left center. Martinez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Figgins flied out to left. Cabrera doubled to deep right. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Molina homered to left, Cabrera scored. Anderson tripled to right. Rivera struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Byrd pitching for Angels. Flaherty walked. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Flaherty out at second. Rodriguez struck out looking. Giambi singled to right, Jeter to third. Sheffield flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Erstad doubled to deep right. Small pitching for Yankees. Quinlan singled to right, Erstad to third. Kennedy struck out swinging. Figgins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Quinlan out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Byrd pitching for Angels. Matsui homered to left. Cano reached on infield single to second. Williams singled to right, Cano to second. Posada hit for Flaherty. Martinez grounded out to first, Cano to third, Williams to second. Posada grounded out to first, Cano scored, Williams to third. Jeter singled to right, Williams scored. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Rodriguez walked, Jeter to second. Giambi singled to shallow left, Jeter scored, Rodriguez to third. Sheffield lined out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Posada catching. Small pitching for Yankees. Cabrera flied out to left. Guerrero grounded out to third. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Matsui walked. Shields pitching for Angels. Cano doubled to deep left center, Matsui scored, Cano to third on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera. Williams hit sacrifice fly to left, Cano scored. Martinez struck out swinging. Posada struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 6th. Small pitching for Yankees. Anderson flied out to right. Rivera doubled to deep left. Finley hit for Quinlan. Erstad singled to right, Rivera scored. Finley struck out swinging. Kennedy singled to center, Erstad to third. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Figgins singled to center, Erstad scored, Kennedy to third. Figgins at third base. Finley in center field. Cabrera flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Shields pitching for Angels. Jeter struck out swinging. Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop. Giambi struck out swinging. Sheffield walked, Rodriguez to second. Matsui walked, Rodriguez to third, Sheffield to second. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Cano flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Guerrero singled to deep left. Molina ran for Molina. Molina hit by pitch, Guerrero to second. Anderson singled to right, Guerrero scored, Molina to second, Molina to third on throwing error by right fielder Sheffield. Leiter pitching for Yankees. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Anderson safe at second on error by second baseman Cano. Erstad struck out swinging. Finley sacrificed to first, Molina scored, Anderson to third, Rivera to second. Molina catching. Escobar pitching for Angels. Kennedy flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Williams grounded out to second. Martinez flied out to center. Posada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Leiter pitching for Yankees. Figgins tripled to deep left. Cabrera flied out to center. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Guerrero intentionally walked. Molina singled to center, Figgins scored, Guerrero to third. Anderson singled to right, Guerrero scored, Molina to second. Rivera lined into double play, to second, Molina doubled off second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Jeter homered to right. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Giambi grounded out to first. Sheffield struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Erstad singled to center. Erstad to second on wild pitch by Proctor. Finley flied out to center. Kennedy grounded out to second, Erstad to third. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Figgins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Matsui reached on infield single to second. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to second, Matsui out at second. Sierra hit for Martinez. Williams flied out to center. Cano to second on fielder's indifference. Sierra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 11 - Yankees 7.	Angels rock Unit, hold off Yanks to take lead