Braves - Top 1st . Snell pitching for Pirates . Johnson flied out to center . Harris doubled to right . Harris caught stealing third , catcher to third . Renteria flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Lerew pitching for Braves . Duffy walked . Duffy stole second . Bautista flied out to left , Duffy to third . Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop , Duffy scored . Bay flied out to right . Doumit flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Snell pitching for Pirates . Jones struck out looking . Francoeur singled to center . Thorman struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia singled to right , Francoeur to third . Orr lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Lerew pitching for Braves . LaRoche walked . Paulino grounded out to pitcher , LaRoche to second . Wilson singled to left center , LaRoche to third . Snell sacrificed to pitcher , Wilson to second . Duffy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Snell pitching for Pirates . Lerew flied out to center . Johnson struck out swinging . Harris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Lerew pitching for Braves . Bautista walked . Sanchez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bautista out at second . Bay singled to right . Doumit doubled to right , Bay scored . Doumit to third on wild pitch by Lerew . LaRoche struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Jones struck out swinging . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Lerew pitching for Braves . Paulino singled to right . Wilson singled to right , Paulino to second . Snell sacrificed into fielder 's choice to third , Paulino to third , Wilson to second , Snell to first , Paulino and Wilson scored , Snell to second on error by third baseman Orr . Duffy sacrificed to pitcher , Snell to third . Bautista grounded out to second . Moylan pitching for Braves . Sanchez singled to left , Snell scored . Bay struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 5th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Thorman struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia walked . Diaz hit for Moylan . Orr flied out to right . Diaz singled to center , Saltalamacchia to third . Johnson singled to center , Saltalamacchia scored , Diaz to second . Harris doubled to left , Diaz scored , Johnson to third . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Renteria grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Doumit singled to center . LaRoche grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Doumit out at second . Paulino struck out looking . LaRoche to second on passed ball by Saltalamacchia . Wilson intentionally walked . Snell grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Jones grounded out to third . Francoeur popped out to second . Thorman singled to right . Saltalamacchia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Duffy singled to left . Bautista singled to right , Duffy to third . Sanchez singled to left , Duffy scored , Bautista to second . Bay hit by pitch , Bautista to third , Sanchez to second . Doumit flied out to left , Bautista thrown out at home , Sanchez to third . LaRoche walked , Bay to second . Castillo at third base . Paulino singled to right center , Sanchez and Bay scored , LaRoche thrown out at third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Woodward hit for Villarreal . Snell pitching for Pirates . Orr walked . Woodward struck out swinging . Johnson flied out to left . Barry pitching for Braves . Woodward at second base . Harris flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . McLouth hit for Snell . Barry pitching for Braves . Wilson walked . McLouth struck out swinging . Duffy doubled to deep right , Wilson scored . Castillo reached on infield single to second , Duffy to third . Sanchez struck out swinging , Castillo to second on wild pitch by Barry . Bay singled to left , Duffy and Castillo scored . Capps pitching for Pirates . McLouth in left field . Doumit struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Jones struck out swinging . Francoeur struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Barry pitching for Braves . LaRoche doubled to center . Paulino walked . Wilson singled to center , LaRoche scored , Paulino to second . McLouth grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Wilson out at second , Paulino to third . Duffy singled to left , Paulino scored , McLouth to second . Castillo lined out to right . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Sanchez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Thorman grounded out to first . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . Orr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 2 - Pirates 13 .	Pirates snap Braves ' 5 - game streak with laugher