Marlins - Top 1st . Armas pitching for Pirates . Amezaga grounded out to second . Uggla walked . Ramirez singled to right , Uggla to second . Cabrera popped out to first . Willingham hit by pitch , Uggla to third , Ramirez to second . Hermida walked , Uggla scored , Ramirez to third , Willingham to second . Olivo fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Duffy grounded out to first . Wilson grounded out to third . Sanchez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Armas pitching for Pirates . Boone flied out to center . Nolasco struck out swinging . Amezaga grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . LaRoche grounded out to second . Bay safe at first on error by third baseman Cabrera . Doumit doubled to deep right , Bay to third . Paulino hit sacrifice fly to right , Bay scored , Doumit to third . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 3rd . Armas pitching for Pirates . Uggla struck out looking . Ramirez singled to center . Ramirez stole second . Cabrera doubled to left , Ramirez scored . Willingham grounded out to third . McLouth hit for Armas . Hermida struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . McLouth hit by pitch . Duffy lined into double play , to first , McLouth doubled off first . Wilson walked . Chacon pitching for Pirates . Sanchez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Chacon pitching for Pirates . Olivo struck out swinging . Boone safe at first on error by right fielder Doumit . Nolasco sacrificed to catcher , Boone to second . Amezaga walked . Uggla fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . LaRoche walked . Bay safe at second on error by third baseman Cabrera , LaRoche to third . Doumit walked . Paulino singled to right , LaRoche and Bay scored , Doumit to third . Castillo hit sacrifice fly to center , Doumit scored . Chacon singled to shallow left , Paulino to second , Paulino to third , Chacon to second on error by shortstop Ramirez . Duffy hit sacrifice fly to left , Paulino scored . Wilson grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Chacon pitching for Pirates . Ramirez struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . Willingham grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop . LaRoche flied out to right . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanchez out at second . Bay to second on wild pitch by Nolasco . Doumit lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Chacon pitching for Pirates . Hermida singled to left . Olivo flied out to center . Gall hit for Nolasco . Boone hit by pitch , Hermida to second . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Gall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Boone out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Paulino grounded out to shortstop . Castillo flied out to right . Chacon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Chacon pitching for Pirates . Amezaga flied out to left . Uggla safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Wilson . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Uggla out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Duffy walked . Wilson walked , Duffy to second . Sanchez doubled to deep left , Duffy scored , Wilson to third . LaRoche intentionally walked . Bay hit sacrifice fly to center , Wilson scored . Doumit grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , LaRoche out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 8th . Chacon pitching for Pirates . Cabrera flied out to left . Willingham popped out to shortstop . Hermida singled to right . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Olivo popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Paulino grounded out to second . Kelly hit for Chacon . Castillo doubled to deep right center . Kelly walked . Duffy flied out to center , Castillo to third . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Kelly at shortstop . Wilson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Wood hit for Messenger . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Boone popped out to shortstop . Wood struck out swinging . Amezaga singled to left . Amezaga to second on fielder 's indifference . Uggla popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 2 - Pirates 7 .	Pirates profit from Marlins ' five errors in 7 - 2 win