Pirates - Top 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Davis singled to right center . Davis stole second . Bautista struck out looking . Davis stole third . Sanchez hit ground rule double to deep left , Davis scored . Bay grounded out to shortstop . Nady struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Duke pitching for Pirates . Willits reached on infield single to shortstop , Willits to second on throwing error by shortstop Wilson . Figgins grounded out to first , Willits to third . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Willits out at home . Guerrero singled to right , Cabrera to third . Matthews grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guerrero out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . LaRoche struck out swinging . Eldred popped out to shortstop . Paulino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Quinlan struck out swinging . Kendrick singled to left . Hillenbrand singled to center , Kendrick to second . Napoli grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hillenbrand out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Wilson singled to center . Wilson to second on wild pitch by Saunders . Wilson to third on wild pitch by Saunders . Davis singled to shallow center , Wilson scored . Bautista grounded out to third , Davis to second . Sanchez popped out to shortstop . Bay homered to left , Davis scored . Nady grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Willits singled to right . Figgins grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Willits out at second . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Saunders pitching for Angels . LaRoche singled to center . Eldred flied out to right . Paulino reached on infield single to shortstop , LaRoche to second . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Paulino out at second , LaRoche to third . Davis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Matthews walked . Quinlan singled to right , Matthews to third . Kendrick grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Quinlan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Bautista popped out to second . Sanchez grounded out to third . Bay grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Hillenbrand lined out to left . Napoli doubled to deep right center . Willits grounded out to shortstop , Napoli to third . Figgins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Nady flied out to center . LaRoche grounded out to pitcher . Eldred flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Cabrera homered to left . Guerrero grounded out to third . Matthews singled to center . Kuwata pitching for Pirates . Quinlan walked , Matthews to second . Kendrick flied out to left . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Paulino grounded out to second . Wilson flied out to left . McLouth in center field . Marte pitching for Pirates . Davis popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Marte pitching for Pirates . Napoli reached on infield single to third . Willits doubled to left , Napoli scored , Willits to third advancing on throw . Chacon pitching for Pirates . Figgins popped out to first . Cabrera singled to center , Willits scored . Guerrero flied out to center . Matthews singled to deep right , Cabrera to third . Quinlan struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Bautista flied out to right . Sanchez grounded out to first . Bay flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Chacon pitching for Pirates . Kendrick singled to left . Haynes ran for Hillenbrand . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kendrick out at second . Napoli flied out to right . Willits doubled to deep center , Haynes scored , Willits to third advancing on throw . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Figgins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Nady grounded out to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . Capps pitching for Pirates . Eldred grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Cabrera fouled out to first . Guerrero grounded out to first . Shields pitching for Angels . Matthews struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 10th . Shields pitching for Angels . Paulino grounded out to third . Duffy hit for McLouth . Wilson grounded out to second . Duffy reached on infield single to third . Bautista walked , Duffy to second . Duffy in center field . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 10th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Quinlan flied out to right . Kendrick popped out to second . Haynes singled to center . Napoli flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 11th . Shields pitching for Angels . Bay flied out to center . Nady grounded out to shortstop . Bayliss pitching for Pirates . LaRoche flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 11th . Bayliss pitching for Pirates . Willits grounded out to first . Figgins tripled to deep right . Cabrera singled to left , Figgins scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 4 - Angels 5 .	Cabrera 's big night gives Angels extra - inning win