Mets - Top 1st . Armas pitching for Pirates . Reyes walked . Reyes stole second . Castillo grounded out to shortstop , Reyes to third . Wright struck out swinging . Beltran homered to right , Reyes scored . Alou walked . Green walked , Alou to second . Anderson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Lawrence pitching for Mets . McLouth flied out to right . Izturis walked . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Izturis out at second . LaRoche grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Armas pitching for Pirates . DiFelice grounded out to third . Lawrence popped out to shortstop . Reyes singled to right center . Reyes stole second . Castillo singled to left center , Reyes scored . Wright lined out to center . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Lawrence pitching for Mets . Bay struck out swinging . Bautista flied out to right . Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Armas pitching for Pirates . Beltran singled to center . Alou singled to left , Beltran to second . Green walked , Beltran to third , Alou to second . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Beltran out at home , Alou to third , Green to second . DiFelice popped out to shortstop . Lawrence reached on infield single to shortstop , Alou scored , Green to third , Anderson to second . Reyes walked , Green scored , Anderson to third , Lawrence to second . Osoria pitching for Pirates . Castillo grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Lawrence pitching for Mets . Paulino walked . Osoria sacrificed to third , Paulino to second . McLouth flied out to center . Izturis lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Osoria pitching for Pirates . Wright reached on infield single to shortstop . Beltran grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Wright out at second . Alou flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Lawrence pitching for Mets . Sanchez walked . LaRoche homered to right , Sanchez scored . Bay hit by pitch . Bautista struck out swinging . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bay out at second . Paulino doubled to deep right center , Wilson scored . Osoria grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Osoria pitching for Pirates . Green reached on infield single to shortstop . Anderson flied out to center , Green to second . DiFelice grounded out to pitcher . Lawrence singled to left , Green scored , Lawrence to second on throwing error by left fielder Bay . Reyes singled to right , Lawrence to third . Castillo singled to center , Lawrence scored , Reyes to second . Wright grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castillo out at second . 2 Runs , 8 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Lawrence pitching for Mets . McLouth walked . McLouth stole second . Izturis singled to right , McLouth to third . Sanchez hit into fielder 's choice to right , Izturis out at second . LaRoche flied out to left . Bay singled to center , McLouth scored , Sanchez to second . Bautista popped out to pitcher . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Izturis at shortstop . Castillo at third base . Osoria pitching for Pirates . Beltran doubled to deep right center . Beltran stole third . Alou lined out to third . Green grounded out to first . Anderson intentionally walked . DiFelice hit by pitch , Anderson to second . Gotay hit for Lawrence . Gotay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Mota pitching for Mets . Castillo grounded out to second . Paulino doubled to deep right center . Phelps hit for Osoria . Phelps lined out to first . McLouth doubled to right center , Paulino scored . Izturis popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Reyes lined out to second . Castillo grounded out to second . Wright singled to center . Beltran lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Mota pitching for Mets . Sanchez walked . Feliciano pitching for Mets . LaRoche singled to right , Sanchez to second . Heilman pitching for Mets . Bay singled to left center , Sanchez scored , LaRoche to second . Bautista reached on bunt single to pitcher , LaRoche to third , Bay to second . Castillo singled to left center , LaRoche scored , Bay to third , Bautista to second . Paulino struck out swinging . Nady hit for Torres . Nady grounded into double play , second to first , Castillo out at second . 2 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Marte pitching for Pirates . Alou grounded out to shortstop . Green walked . Anderson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Green out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Heilman pitching for Mets . McLouth struck out swinging . Izturis grounded out to third . Sanchez safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Wright . LaRoche singled to right , Sanchez scored , LaRoche to second on error by catcher DiFelice . Bay singled to left center , LaRoche scored , Bay to second advancing on throw . Bautista singled to left , Bay scored . Castillo struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 6 Hits , 4 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Pirates . DiFelice struck out swinging . Easley hit for Heilman . Easley walked . Reyes flied out to left . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 7 - Pirates 10 .	Big comeback helps Pirates avoid sweep vs. Mets