Pirates - Top 1st . Morales pitching for Rockies . McLouth struck out swinging . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez walked . Phelps doubled to deep left , Sanchez scored , Phelps to third advancing on throw . Bay struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Matsui reached on infield single to shortstop . Tulowitzki flied out to left . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Morales pitching for Rockies . Bautista walked . Kata grounded out to third , Bautista to second . Maldonado flied out to left . Maholm grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Helton walked . Atkins singled to left , Helton to second . Spilborghs struck out swinging . Torrealba struck out swinging . Carroll struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Morales pitching for Rockies . McLouth grounded out to first . Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop . Sanchez singled to right , Wilson to third . Phelps doubled to deep left center , Wilson and Sanchez scored . Bay grounded out to third . Bautista singled to center , Phelps scored , Bautista to second advancing on throw . Kata grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Morales grounded out to third . Matsui grounded out to second . Tulowitzki doubled to deep left . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Maldonado walked . Maholm bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Maldonado out at second . Maholm picked off first . McLouth walked . Wilson doubled to left , McLouth to third . Sanchez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Helton singled to left . Helton to second on wild pitch by Maholm . Atkins flied out to center , Helton to third . Spilborghs grounded out to second , Helton scored . Torrealba walked . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Torrealba out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Phelps singled to center . Bay walked , Phelps to second . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Bautista walked , Phelps to third , Bay to second . Kata grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Phelps out at home , Bay to third , Bautista to second . Maldonado intentionally walked . Maholm struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Sullivan hit for Affeldt . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Sullivan flied out to center . Matsui flied out to left . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Julio pitching for Rockies . McLouth walked . Wilson popped out to second . McLouth to third on wild pitch by Julio . Sanchez struck out swinging . Phelps struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Holliday struck out swinging . Helton lined out to left . Atkins singled to left . Spilborghs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Atkins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Julio pitching for Rockies . Bay struck out swinging . Bautista lined out to second . Kata grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Torrealba singled to center . Carroll grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Torrealba out at second . Stewart hit for Julio . Stewart doubled to deep left center . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Maldonado grounded out to second . Castillo hit for Maholm . Castillo grounded out to second . McLouth struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Chacon pitching for Pirates . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Holliday singled to center . Helton walked , Holliday to second . Atkins struck out swinging . Spilborghs popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Wilson struck out swinging . Sanchez doubled to right . Phelps reached on infield single to shortstop , Sanchez to third on throwing error by shortstop Tulowitzki . Bay reached on infield single to third , Sanchez scored , Phelps to second . Bautista struck out swinging . Kata grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bay out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Capps pitching for Pirates . LaRoche at first base . Torrealba struck out looking . Carroll grounded out to third . Hawpe hit for Corpas . Hawpe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 5 - Rockies 1 .	Rockies picked apart by Pirates , lose ground in NL West