Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Morris pitching for Pirates . Young grounded out to third . Drew struck out looking . Byrnes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Morgan walked . Morgan picked off first . Izturis lined out to second . LaRoche walked . Nady grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Morris pitching for Pirates . Jackson struck out swinging . Reynolds struck out swinging . Montero lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Bautista struck out looking . McLouth struck out looking . Paulino singled to left . Paulino stole second . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Morris pitching for Pirates . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Ojeda singled to center . Hernandez singled to left , Ojeda to second . Young flied into double play , center to second , Hernandez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Morris singled to right . Morgan singled to right , Morris to third . Izturis grounded out to catcher , Morgan to second . LaRoche hit ground rule double to deep left center , Morris and Morgan scored . Nady flied out to right , LaRoche to third . Bautista walked . McLouth struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Morris pitching for Pirates . Drew singled to left . Byrnes lined out to center . Jackson popped out to third . Reynolds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Paulino fouled out to first . Castillo doubled to deep right . Morris singled to left , Castillo to third . Morgan singled to left , Castillo scored , Morris to second . Izturis singled to right , Morris to third , Morgan to second . LaRoche grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Izturis out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Morris pitching for Pirates . Montero flied out to left . Upton struck out swinging . Ojeda singled to shallow right . Hernandez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Nady homered to right . Bautista singled to center . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . McLouth flied into double play , center to shortstop to first , Bautista doubled off first . Paulino struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Morris pitching for Pirates . Young struck out looking . Drew flied out to right . Byrnes singled to center . Byrnes stole second . Jackson doubled to deep left , Byrnes scored . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Castillo grounded out to second . Morris struck out looking . Morgan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Morris pitching for Pirates . Montero grounded out to shortstop . Upton fouled out to first . Ojeda struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Izturis singled to left . LaRoche doubled to deep center , Izturis scored . Wickman pitching for Diamondbacks . Nady hit by pitch . Bautista grounded into double play , third to second to first , Nady out at second , LaRoche to third . McLouth grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Callaspo hit for Wickman . Callaspo struck out looking . Young walked . Drew singled to right , Young to third . Byrnes flied out to center . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Drew out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Paulino doubled to deep center , Paulino out stretching at third . Castillo singled to center . Kata hit for Torres . Kata singled to center , Castillo to second . Murphy pitching for Diamondbacks . Morgan grounded out to pitcher , Castillo to third , Kata to second . Izturis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Reynolds struck out swinging . Montero flied out to right . Salazar hit for Upton . Salazar singled to center . Salazar to second on fielder 's indifference . Ojeda grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 1 - Pirates 5 .	LaRoche , Morris lead Bucs past skidding D - backs