Nationals - Top 1st. Medlen pitching for Royals. Taylor safe at second on error by third baseman Moustakas. Rendon safe at first on error by second baseman Infante, Taylor to third. Harper singled to right center, Taylor scored, Rendon to second. Zimmerman doubled to left, Rendon scored, Harper to third. Murphy doubled to right, Harper and Zimmerman scored, Murphy to third on error by right fielder Dyson. Werth doubled to right center, Murphy scored. Ramos struck out swinging. Werth to third on wild pitch by Medlen. Robinson hit sacrifice fly to center, Werth scored. Espinosa grounded out to first. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 3 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Escobar walked. Moustakas popped out to third. Cain struck out swinging. Hosmer singled to right, Escobar to second. Morales flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Medlen pitching for Royals. Taylor struck out looking. Rendon popped out to second. Harper grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Gordon struck out swinging. Infante singled to center. Dyson struck out swinging. Butera doubled to center, Infante scored. Escobar singled to center, Butera scored, Escobar to second advancing on throw. Moustakas grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Medlen pitching for Royals. Zimmerman singled to center. Murphy singled to right, Zimmerman to second. Werth walked, Zimmerman to third, Murphy to second. Duffy pitching for Royals. Ramos singled to left, Zimmerman scored, Murphy to third, Werth to second. Robinson singled to left, Murphy scored, Werth to third, Ramos to second. Espinosa hit sacrifice fly to center, Werth scored. Taylor singled to left center, Ramos to third, Robinson to second. Rendon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ramos scored, Taylor out at second, Robinson to third. Harper struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Cain struck out swinging. Hosmer grounded out to shortstop. Morales flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Gee pitching for Royals. Zimmerman lined out to second. Murphy homered to right (374 feet). Werth popped out to second. Ramos singled to left center. Robinson walked, Ramos to second. Espinosa lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Gordon singled to left center. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gordon safe at second on error by second baseman Murphy. Dyson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Infante out at second, Gordon to third. Butera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Gee pitching for Royals. Taylor flied out to center. Rendon struck out looking. Harper homered to right (376 feet). Zimmerman flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. den Dekker in right field. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Escobar struck out swinging. Moustakas fouled out to third. Cain struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Colón at third base. Orlando in right field. Dyson in center field. Wang pitching for Royals. Murphy singled to right. Werth struck out swinging. Ramos singled to center, Murphy to second. Robinson singled to center, Murphy scored, Ramos to second. Espinosa flied out to center. Taylor grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Robinson out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Drew at third base. Heisey in left field. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Hosmer struck out swinging. Morales flied out to center. Gordon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Pérez at first base. Wang pitching for Royals. Drew grounded out to pitcher. den Dekker grounded out to third. Zimmerman singled to left. Murphy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Petit pitching for Nationals. Infante flied out to left. Dyson grounded out to first. Butera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Gore in left field. Herrera pitching for Royals. Heisey flied out to left. Ramos struck out looking. Robinson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Petit pitching for Nationals. Escobar struck out swinging. Colón flied out to right. Orlando struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Davis pitching for Royals. Espinosa popped out to third. Taylor flied out to left. Drew flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Pérez walked. Morales struck out swinging. Gore struck out looking. Infante lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 13 - Royals 2.	Nationals rout Royals 13-2 to take interleague series