Braves - Top 1st. Gee pitching for Royals. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Inciarte lined out to center. Freeman walked. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Escobar lined out to center. Cain singled to right. Cain stole second. Hosmer singled to left center, Cain to third. Hosmer picked off first. Morales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Gee pitching for Royals. Francoeur struck out swinging. Pierzynski reached on infield single to first. Beckham grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pierzynski out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Gordon lined out to center. Pérez doubled to deep left center. Cuthbert grounded out to second, Pérez to third. Colón struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Gee pitching for Royals. Smith reached on bunt single to third. Smith caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Aybar flied out to left. Markakis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Orlando singled to left center. Escobar bunt popped out foul to catcher. Cain grounded into double play, third to second to first, Orlando out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Gee pitching for Royals. Inciarte singled to left. Inciarte caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Freeman struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Hosmer flied out to left. Morales lined out to second. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Gee pitching for Royals. Francoeur struck out swinging. Pierzynski flied out to center. Beckham grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Pérez singled to center. Cuthbert flied out to center. Colón grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pérez out at second, Colón to second on throwing error by second baseman Johnson. Orlando flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 6th. Gee pitching for Royals. Smith doubled to deep right. Aybar sacrificed to catcher, Smith to third. Markakis walked. Inciarte doubled to deep right, Smith scored, Markakis to third. Freeman intentionally walked. Johnson singled to left, Markakis and Inciarte scored, Freeman to second. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Francoeur flied out to center. Freeman to third, Johnson to second on wild pitch by Hochevar. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Escobar popped out to shortstop. Cain struck out looking. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Alexander pitching for Royals. Beckham singled to left. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to second, Beckham out at second. Aybar struck out swinging. Markakis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Morales singled to right center. Gordon flied out to center. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morales out at second. Cuthbert grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Alexander pitching for Royals. Inciarte grounded out to second. Freeman reached on infield single to second. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Freeman out at second. Wang pitching for Royals. Francoeur singled to right, Johnson to second. Pierzynski doubled to deep right, Johnson and Francoeur scored. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Castro at second base. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Colón grounded out to pitcher. Orlando doubled to left. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Cain grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Wang pitching for Royals. Smith tripled to deep center. Aybar struck out swinging. Markakis walked. Inciarte grounded into double play, third to second to first, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Krol pitching for Braves. Hosmer struck out looking. Morales singled to right center. Gordon struck out looking. Grilli pitching for Braves. Pérez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 5 - Royals 0.	Foltynewicz pitches 8 scoreless as Braves beat Royals