Tigers - Top 1st. Ventura pitching for Royals. Kinsler lined out to right. Iglesias flied out to right. Cabrera reached on infield single to second. Martínez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. Escobar flied out to center. Hosmer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Ventura pitching for Royals. Castellanos struck out looking. Upton struck out swinging. Moya reached on infield single to shortstop. McCann flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Cain grounded out to third. Pérez struck out swinging. Morales singled to right. Orlando doubled to deep center, Morales to third. Eibner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Ventura pitching for Royals. Romine singled to center. Kinsler lined out to left. Iglesias grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Romine out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Cuthbert singled to left. Merrifield reached on bunt single to third, Cuthbert to second. Escobar sacrificed to third, Cuthbert to third, Merrifield to second. Hosmer walked. Cain grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hosmer out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Ventura pitching for Royals. Cabrera singled to center. Martínez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. Castellanos singled to center. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Pérez grounded out to pitcher. Morales walked. Orlando struck out swinging. Eibner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Ventura pitching for Royals. Moya flied out to center. McCann grounded out to shortstop. Romine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Cuthbert struck out looking. Merrifield grounded out to second. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Ventura pitching for Royals. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Hosmer lined out to second. Cain grounded out to shortstop. Pérez homered to left (421 feet). Morales walked. Orlando walked, Morales to second. Greene pitching for Tigers. Eibner struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Ventura pitching for Royals. Martínez singled to center, Martínez to second on error by center fielder Cain. Castellanos struck out swinging. Upton safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cuthbert. Herrera pitching for Royals. Moya grounded into fielder's choice to second, Upton out at second, Martínez to third. Moya to second on wild pitch by Herrera. McCann grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Greene pitching for Tigers. Cuthbert singled to left. Cuthbert stole second. Merrifield flied out to right. Escobar walked. Hosmer singled to left, Cuthbert scored, Escobar to second. Lowe pitching for Tigers. Cain fouled out to first. Pérez doubled to deep right center, Escobar and Hosmer scored. Morales walked. Orlando singled to center, Pérez scored, Morales to second. Eibner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Orlando out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Dyson in left field. Herrera pitching for Royals. Romine grounded out to first. Kinsler flied out to right. Iglesias grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Cuthbert reached on infield single to third. Merrifield singled to center, Cuthbert to second. Escobar grounded out to third, Cuthbert to third, Merrifield to second. Hosmer singled to center, Cuthbert and Merrifield scored. Cain singled to right, Hosmer to second. Pérez lined out to second. Morales homered to left (408 feet), Hosmer and Cain scored. Orlando struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Merrifield in left field. Colón at second base. Butera catching. Dyson in center field. Gee pitching for Royals. Cabrera homered to left center (417 feet). Aviles hit for Martínez. Aviles grounded out to second. Castellanos singled to center. Upton homered to left (434 feet), Castellanos scored. Moya flied out to center. McCann singled to center. Romine struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 3 - Royals 10.	Salvador Perez powers Royals to 10-3 victory over Tigers