Indians - Top 1st. Flynn pitching for Royals. Davis flied out to right. Kipnis singled to center. Lindor grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kipnis out at second. Napoli homered to left (430 feet), Lindor scored. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Salazar pitching for Indians. Escobar grounded out to third. Cuthbert singled to center. Hosmer struck out swinging. Morales lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Flynn pitching for Royals. Ramírez singled to left center. Uribe struck out swinging. Gimenez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramírez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Salazar pitching for Indians. Pérez struck out swinging. Gordon struck out swinging. Orlando singled to right. Merrifield grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Orlando out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Flynn pitching for Royals. Gonzalez singled to center. Davis walked, Gonzalez to second. Kipnis sacrificed into fielder's choice to catcher, Gonzalez to third, Davis to second. Lindor hit sacrifice fly to right, Gonzalez scored, Davis to third. Gee pitching for Royals. Napoli struck out swinging, Kipnis stole second. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Salazar pitching for Indians. Dyson grounded out to first. Escobar grounded out to second. Cuthbert singled to left center. Hosmer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Gee pitching for Royals. Ramírez grounded out to second. Uribe flied out to right. Gimenez reached on infield single to third. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gimenez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Morales struck out looking. Pérez grounded out to pitcher. Gordon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Gee pitching for Royals. Davis struck out swinging. Kipnis doubled to right. Lindor reached on infield single to shortstop, Kipnis to third. Napoli walked, Lindor to second. Santana singled to right, Kipnis and Lindor scored, Napoli to second. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Santana out at second, Napoli to third. Uribe singled to center, Napoli scored, Ramírez to second. Gimenez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Orlando reached on infield single to second. Merrifield flied out to right. Dyson struck out looking. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Gee pitching for Royals. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Davis flied out to right. Kipnis lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Cuthbert grounded out to third. Hosmer singled to center. Morales singled to left center, Hosmer to second. Pérez singled to left center, Hosmer scored, Morales to second. Gordon grounded out to first, Morales to third, Pérez to second. Morales scored, Pérez to third on wild pitch by Salazar. Orlando popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Gee pitching for Royals. Lindor popped out to shortstop. Napoli grounded out to second. Santana fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Merrifield walked. Dyson singled to center, Merrifield to second. Merrifield to third, Dyson to second on passed ball by Gimenez. Escobar fouled out to first. Cuthbert hit sacrifice fly to left, Merrifield scored, Dyson to third. Crockett pitching for Indians. Hosmer struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Gee pitching for Royals. Ramírez popped out to shortstop. Uribe struck out swinging. Gimenez singled to center. Chisenhall hit for Gonzalez. Wang pitching for Royals. Chisenhall popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Chisenhall in right field. Shaw pitching for Indians. Morales struck out swinging. Pérez struck out swinging. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Wang pitching for Royals. Davis singled to left. Kipnis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Davis out at second. Lindor homered to right (371 feet). Napoli popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Allen pitching for Indians. Orlando grounded out to shortstop. Merrifield lined out to right. Dyson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 7 - Royals 3.	Danny Salazar pitches Indians to 7-3 win over Royals