Royals - Top 1st. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Orlando reached first base on catcher's interference. Cuthbert flied out to right. Cain singled to center, Orlando to third. Cain stole second. Hosmer struck out swinging. Morales singled to right, Orlando and Cain scored. Gordon struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Ventura pitching for Royals. Eaton doubled to left. Anderson grounded out to third, Eaton to third. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right, Eaton scored. Abreu struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Escobar singled to left. Escobar stole second. Butera struck out swinging. Mondesi bunt popped out foul to catcher. Orlando struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Ventura pitching for Royals. Morneau grounded out to pitcher. Frazier walked. Frazier to second on wild pitch by Ventura. García struck out swinging. Frazier to third on wild pitch by Ventura. Narvaez fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Cuthbert grounded out to third. Cain safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Anderson. Hosmer struck out swinging. Morales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Ventura pitching for Royals. Saladino doubled to right center. Eaton lined out to left. Saladino stole third. Anderson singled to right center, Saladino scored. Anderson stole second, Anderson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Butera. Cabrera flied out to right. Abreu reached on infield single to third, Anderson scored. Morneau struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Gordon flied out to center. Escobar singled to center. Escobar stole second. Butera flied out to center. Mondesi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Ventura pitching for Royals. Frazier lined out to left. García singled to right. Narvaez flied out to center. Saladino flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Orlando struck out swinging. Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop. Cain walked. Cain to second on wild pitch by Rodon. Hosmer lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Ventura pitching for Royals. Eaton doubled to deep right. Anderson grounded out to shortstop, Eaton to third. Cabrera singled to right, Eaton scored. Abreu singled to right, Cabrera to second. Morneau singled to right, Cabrera scored, Abreu to second. Frazier grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Morneau out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Morales grounded out to shortstop. Gordon singled to left. Escobar flied out to right. Butera walked, Gordon to second. Merrifield hit for Mondesi. Merrifield singled to left, Gordon to third, Butera to second. Orlando struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Merrifield at second base. Ventura pitching for Royals. García flied out to center. Narvaez flied out to left. Saladino reached on infield single to pitcher. Eaton walked, Saladino to second. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Beck pitching for White Sox. Cuthbert lined out to second. Cain walked. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cain out at second. Morales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Ventura pitching for Royals. Cabrera popped out to second. Abreu grounded out to second. Morneau grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Gordon struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. Butera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Moylan pitching for Royals. Frazier doubled to center. García singled to right, Frazier to third. Alexander pitching for Royals. Narvaez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Frazier out at home, García to third, Narvaez to second. Saladino singled to center, García and Narvaez scored. Eaton grounded out to shortstop, Saladino to second. McCarthy pitching for Royals. Anderson grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Kahnle pitching for White Sox. Merrifield lined out to center. Orlando singled to left, Orlando to second on throwing error by left fielder Cabrera. Cuthbert flied out to center, Orlando to third. Cain grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 2 - White Sox 7.	Rodon fans 8 to silence struggling Royals, White Sox win 7-2