Nationals - Top 1st. Urena pitching for Marlins. Eaton struck out swinging. Rendon lined out to shortstop. Soto walked. Adams grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Granderson singled to left. Prado struck out swinging. Anderson doubled to deep left, Granderson scored. Walker struck out swinging. Castro singled to left center, Anderson scored, Castro to second. Alfaro flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Urena pitching for Marlins. Dozier struck out looking. Gomes grounded out to third. Difo doubled to deep right center. Scherzer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Rojas singled to right. Galloway grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rojas out at second. Galloway stole second. Ureña struck out looking. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Urena pitching for Marlins. Robles doubled to third. Eaton flied out to center. Rendon hit by pitch. Rendon to second on passed ball by Robles to third on passed ball by. Soto struck out swinging. Adams reached on infield single to shortstop, Robles scored and Rendon scored. Dozier struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick at third base. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Prado singled to center. Anderson grounded out to shortstop, Prado to second. Walker struck out swinging. Castro singled to left, Prado scored. Castro stole second, Castro safe at third on throwing error by catcher Gomes. Alfaro struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 4th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Gomes singled to left center. Difo grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Gomes out at second. Scherzer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Rojas lined out to second. Galloway popped out to first. Ureña struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Robles reached on bunt single to catcher. Eaton grounded out to first, Robles to second. Kendrick reached on infield single to first, Robles scored. Soto grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kendrick out at second. Adams doubled to right, Soto thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Granderson homered to right (396 feet). Prado struck out swinging. Anderson doubled to deep right center. Walker grounded out to shortstop, Anderson to third. Castro flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Dozier lined out to center. Gomes grounded out to third. Difo singled to center. Scherzer lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Alfaro struck out swinging. Rojas doubled to left. Galloway doubled to deep center, Rojas to third. Herrera hit for Ureña. Herrera reached on infield single to catcher, Rojas scored on throwing error by pitcher Scherzer and Galloway scored on throwing error by pitcher Scherzer, Herrera safe at second on throwing error by. Sipp pitching for Nationals. Granderson hit sacrifice fly to center, Herrera scored. Prado flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 7th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Herrera in left field. Robles struck out looking. Eaton doubled to third. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop, Eaton to third. Soto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Adams pitching for Nationals. Anderson walked. Anderson to second on wild pitch by Adams. Walker struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to shortstop, Anderson to third. Alfaro hit by pitch. Anderson scored on Adams wild pitch, Alfaro to second on wild pitch by Adams. Rojas walked. Galloway struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Kinley pitching for Marlins. Galloway in left field. Brinson in center field. Adams struck out looking. Dozier struck out swinging. Gomes reached on infield single. Difo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Grace pitching for Nationals. Brinson struck out looking. Berti hit for Kinley. Berti walked. Prado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Berti to second. Berti to third on wild pitch by Grace. Anderson walked, Prado to second. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Berti scored, Anderson out at second, Prado to third. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Walker out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Guerrero pitching for Marlins. Taylor hit for Grace. Taylor struck out swinging. Robles struck out looking. Eaton walked. Kendrick walked, Eaton to second. Soto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 3 - Marlins 9.	Granderson homers, Marlins tag Scherzer in 9-3 win over Nats