Marlins - Top 1st. McGowin pitching for Nationals. Granderson popped out to third. Cooper singled to left. Anderson homered to left (409 feet), Cooper scored. Walker lined out to center. Castro grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Turner grounded out to third. Eaton homered to right center (404 feet). Rendon lined out to center. Soto grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. McGowin pitching for Nationals. Ramírez singled to right. Alfaro singled to deep center, Ramírez to second. Rojas walked, Alfaro to second, Ramírez to third. López singled to center, Alfaro scored and Ramírez scored, Rojas to second, Rojas safe at third on error by center fielder Robles. Granderson grounded into fielder's choice to third, López to second, Rojas out at home in rundown. Cooper grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Granderson out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Adams flied out to center. Dozier grounded out to third. Robles lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. McGowin pitching for Nationals. Anderson safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Turner. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to second, Anderson out at second. Castro flied out to right. Ramírez safe at first on error by shortstop Turner, Walker to second. Alfaro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Gomes lined out to first. McGowin singled to center. Turner doubled to deep right center, McGowin to third. Eaton grounded out to shortstop, McGowin scored, Turner to third. Rendon homered to center (394 feet), Turner scored. Soto singled to center. Adams singled to left, Soto to second. Dozier walked, Adams to second, Soto to third. Robles struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. McGowin pitching for Nationals. Rojas grounded out to third. López struck out looking. Granderson homered to (400 feet). Cooper flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Gomes lined out to center. Taylor hit for McGowin. Taylor doubled to center, Taylor safe at second on error by center fielder Ramírez. Turner grounded out to second, Taylor to third. Chen pitching for Marlins. Eaton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Anderson hit by pitch. Walker walked, Anderson to second. Castro lined out to center. Ramírez doubled to deep right center, Anderson scored, Walker to third. Alfaro singled to center, Walker scored and Ramírez scored. Rojas lined out to third. Chen struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Chen pitching for Marlins. Rendon doubled to left. Soto singled to right center, Rendon to third. Adams grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rendon scored, Soto out at second. Brice pitching for Marlins. Dozier struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Grace pitching for Nationals. Granderson flied out to left. Cooper grounded out to shortstop. Anderson walked. Walker flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Brice pitching for Marlins. Robles hit by pitch. Gomes singled to center, Robles to third. Kendrick hit for Grace. Kendrick struck out swinging. Turner singled to right, Robles scored, Gomes to second. Conley pitching for Marlins. Prado at first base. Eaton flied out to center. Turner to second on passed ball by Alfaro, Gomes to third on passed ball by Alfaro. Rendon struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Rainey pitching for Nationals. Castro singled to left. Ramírez hit by pitch, Castro to second. Alfaro grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ramírez out at second, Castro to third. Rojas struck out swinging. Prado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Soto walked. Adams flied out to left. Soto to second on wild pitch by Conley. Dozier walked. Robles doubled to left, Dozier scored and Soto scored. Cooper at first base. Herrera in center field. Ramírez in right field. Anderson pitching for Marlins. Gomes safe at first on error by shortstop Rojas, Robles safe at third on error by shortstop Rojas. Parra hit for Rainey. Parra grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gomes out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 8th. Sipp pitching for Nationals. Granderson doubled to deep right. Barraclough pitching for Nationals. Cooper struck out swinging. Anderson singled to left, Granderson to third. Herrera bunt popped out to catcher. Castro singled to center, Granderson scored, Anderson to third. Ramírez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Anderson pitching for Marlins. Turner struck out looking. Eaton walked. Rendon walked, Eaton to second. Granderson in right field. Guerrero pitching for Marlins. Dean in left field. Soto homered to center (399 feet), Eaton scored and Rendon scored. Adams homered to right center (391 feet). Kinley pitching for Marlins. Dozier struck out swinging. Robles struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Doolittle pitching for Nationals. Alfaro homered to left center (456 feet). Rojas singled to right. Dean lined out to center. Granderson flied out to center. Cooper singled to center, Rojas to second. Anderson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 10 - Nationals 12.	Soto, Adams homer in 8th inning, Nats beat Marlins 12-10