Mets - Top 1st. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. McNeil homered to right (364 feet). Conforto struck out swinging. Alonso flied out to left. Smith grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. deGrom pitching for Mets. Rojas struck out looking. Walker grounded out to shortstop. Cooper singled to center. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Canó doubled to right. Ramos struck out swinging. Frazier flied out to left. Hechavarria reached on infield single to shortstop, Canó to third. deGrom struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. deGrom pitching for Mets. Castro singled to shallow right. Granderson walked, Castro to second. Puello struck out swinging. Holaday walked, Granderson to second, Castro to third. Alcantara struck out swinging. Rojas singled to right, Castro scored, Holaday to second, Granderson thrown out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. McNeil flied out to left. Conforto flied out to center. Alonso hit by pitch. Smith flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. deGrom pitching for Mets. Walker walked. Cooper grounded out to pitcher, Walker to second. Anderson flied out to left. Castro fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Canó singled to center. Ramos walked, Canó to second. Frazier reached on infield single to pitcher, Ramos to second, Canó to third. Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop, Canó scored, Hechavarria out at first, Frazier to second, Ramos to third. deGrom walked. McNeil grounded into fielder's choice to third, deGrom to second, Frazier to third, Ramos out at home. Conforto singled to shallow right, Frazier scored, McNeil to second, deGrom to third. Alonso struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. deGrom pitching for Mets. Granderson struck out swinging. Puello flied out to left. Holaday reached on infield single to shortstop. Alcantara grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Smith lined out to center. Canó grounded out to shortstop. Ramos reached on infield single to third. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. deGrom pitching for Mets. Rojas singled to right. Walker singled to center, Rojas to second. Cooper struck out swinging. Anderson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Walker out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Alcantara pitching for Marlins. Hechavarria reached on infield single to shortstop. Guillorme hit for deGrom. Guillorme singled to right, Hechavarria to third. McNeil grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hechavarria scored on throwing error by first baseman Cooper, Guillorme safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Cooper. Conforto flied out to left. Alonso struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Wilson pitching for Mets. Castro singled to center. Ramírez hit for Granderson. Ramírez lined out to second. Puello struck out swinging. Holaday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Ramírez in left field. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Canó homered to right (377 feet). Ramos flied out to right. Frazier flied out to center. Hechavarria struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Familia pitching for Mets. Riddle hit for Hernandez. Riddle grounded out to shortstop. Rojas singled to center. Walker walked, Rojas to second. Cooper walked, Walker to second, Rojas to third. Lugo pitching for Mets. Rosario at shortstop. Anderson struck out looking. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cooper out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Chen pitching for Marlins. Rosario doubled to left. McNeil hit by pitch. Conforto flied out to right, Rosario to third. Alonso hit sacrifice fly to center, Rosario scored. Smith popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. McNeil in left field. Conforto in right field. Gsellman pitching for Mets. Smith at first base. Lagares in center field. Ramírez grounded out to third. Puello singled to center. Holaday lined out to center. Alfaro hit for Chen. Alfaro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Romo pitching for Marlins. Canó singled to shallow left. Ramos grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Canó out at second. Frazier fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Gsellman pitching for Mets. Rojas flied out to center. Walker popped out to shortstop. Cooper homered to right (388 feet). Anderson doubled to right. Castro grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 6 - Marlins 2.	Cano homers in 2nd straight game, Mets top Marlins 6-2