Phillies - Top 1st. Noesi pitching for Marlins. Hernández reached on bunt single to catcher. Hoskins hit by pitch, Hernández to second. Realmuto doubled to deep left, Hernández scored, Hoskins to third. Dickerson fouled out to third. Segura lined out to first. Miller walked. Kingery tripled to deep right, Hoskins scored, Realmuto scored and Miller scored. Haseley struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Berti struck out swinging. Walker flied out to right. Anderson walked. Garrett Cooper grounds out to catcher  Realmuto.   Garrett Cooper out at 1st.  Garrett Cooper out on batter interference. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Noesi pitching for Marlins. Velasquez grounded out to catcher. Hernández grounded out to second. Hoskins walked. Realmuto doubled to shallow right, Hoskins to third. Dickerson doubled to deep right, Hoskins scored on error by right fielder Anderson and Realmuto scored on error by right fielder Anderson, Dickerson safe at third on error by right fielder Anderson. Segura grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Ramírez grounded out to third. Díaz struck out swinging. Alfaro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Noesi pitching for Marlins. Miller fouled out to left. Kingery walked. Haseley singled to right, Kingery to third. Velasquez sacrificed, Kingery scored, Haseley to second. Velasquez to second on wild pitch by Noesí, Haseley to third on wild pitch by Noesí. Hernández popped out to shortstop. Hoskins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Brinson hit by pitch. Prado hit for Noesí. Prado fouled out to right. Berti reached on infield single to third, Brinson to second. Walker singled to right, Berti to second, Brinson to third. Anderson hit by pitch, Brinson scored, Walker to second, Berti to third. Cooper singled to shallow center, Berti scored, Anderson to second, Walker to third. Ramírez singled to left, Anderson scored and Walker scored, Cooper to second. Díaz homered to right (361 feet), Cooper scored and Ramírez scored. Nicasio pitching for Phillies. Alfaro singled to center. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Brinson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Alfaro out at second. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Granderson in left field. Ramírez in right field. Chen pitching for Marlins. Realmuto flied out to right. Dickerson lined out to left. Segura doubled to left. Franco hit for Miller. Franco singled to center, Segura scored, Franco to second. Kingery intentionally walked. Haseley singled to left, Franco scored, Kingery to second. Kinley pitching for Marlins. Pivetta struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Franco at third base. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Kinley struck out swinging. Berti singled to deep center. Walker grounded out to first, Berti to second. Granderson walked, Berti stole third. Cooper struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Kinley pitching for Marlins. Hernández grounded out to second. Hoskins struck out swinging. Realmuto walked. Dickerson fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Ramírez reached on infield single to shortstop. Díaz walked, Ramírez to second. Alfaro singled to center, Díaz to second, Ramírez to third. Brinson struck out swinging. Castro hit for Kinley. Díaz scored on error by third baseman Franco and Ramírez scored, Castro safe at first on error by third baseman Franco, Alfaro safe at third on error by third baseman Franco. Berti struck out swinging. Walker doubled to deep right, Alfaro scored and Castro scored. Suárez pitching for Phillies. Granderson singled to left, Walker scored, Granderson to second. Cooper grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 6th. Walker at first base. Brigham pitching for Marlins. Castro at third base. Segura singled to center. Franco grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Segura out at second. Kingery struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Ramírez doubled to right. Díaz grounded out to first, Ramírez to third. Alfaro struck out swinging. Brinson singled to shallow left, Ramírez scored. Castro homered to left (371 feet), Brinson scored. Berti struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Brigham pitching for Marlins. Haseley flied out to left. Suárez struck out swinging. Hernández flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Walker lined out to right. Granderson grounded out to pitcher. Smith hit for Brigham. Smith lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Brice pitching for Marlins. Hoskins struck out swinging. Realmuto walked. Dickerson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Realmuto out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Hughes pitching for Phillies. Ramírez grounded out to second. Díaz grounded out to shortstop. Alfaro doubled to left. Alfaro to third on wild pitch by Hughes. Brinson reached on infield single to third, Alfaro scored. Castro homered to left center (411 feet), Brinson scored. Berti homered to left (385 feet). Walker singled to right. Rodríguez pitching for Phillies. Granderson lined out to left. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Quijada pitching for Marlins. Segura singled to right. Segura to second on wild pitch by Quijada. Franco walked. Kingery struck out swinging. Haseley grounded out to second, Franco to second, Segura to third. Rodríguez walked. Hernández walked, Segura scored, Rodríguez to second, Franco to third. Hoskins walked, Franco scored, Hernández to second, Rodríguez to third. García pitching for Marlins. Realmuto struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 11 - Marlins 19.	Castro, Marlins rally from 7 runs down, beat Phillies 19-11