Marlins - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Nationals. Berti flied out to right. Ramírez homered to left center (433 feet). Castro struck out swinging. Walker flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Turner singled to center. Parra singled to right, Turner to third. Rendon singled to center, Turner scored, Parra to second. Soto grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rendon out at second, Parra to third. Cabrera grounded out to second, Parra scored, Soto to second. Adams walked. Suzuki flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Nationals. Alfaro walked. Díaz struck out swinging, Alfaro stole second. Brinson struck out swinging. Dean intentionally walked. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Robles doubled to deep center. Sánchez sacrificed to third, Robles to third. Turner grounded out to third, Robles scored. Parra flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Nationals. Berti walked. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Berti safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Turner. Castro struck out swinging. Walker safe at first on error by pitcher Sánchez, Ramírez to second, Berti to third. Alfaro struck out swinging. Díaz popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Rendon flied out to center. Soto struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Sanchez pitching for Nationals. Brinson hit ground rule double to deep right. Dean walked. Hernandez sacrificed to catcher, Dean to second, Brinson to third. Berti grounded out to second, Brinson scored, Dean to third. Ramírez popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Adams struck out swinging. Suzuki flied out to left. Robles fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Sanchez pitching for Nationals. Castro singled to center. Walker popped out to shortstop. Alfaro flied out to left. Díaz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Dozier hit for Sánchez. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Dozier struck out swinging. Turner flied out to center. Parra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Suero pitching for Nationals. Brinson grounded out to shortstop. Dean grounded out to third. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Rendon doubled to deep right. Rendon to third on balk. Soto doubled to center, Rendon scored. Cabrera grounded out to second, Soto to third. Adams intentionally walked. Suzuki popped out to third. Robles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Adams out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Strickland pitching for Nationals. Berti singled to shallow right. Ramírez singled to center, Berti to second. Castro singled to center, Berti scored, Ramírez to second. Walker walked, Castro to second, Ramírez to third. Alfaro struck out swinging. Elías pitching for Nationals. Díaz walked, Ramírez scored, Walker to second, Castro to third. Brinson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Díaz out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Keller pitching for Marlins. Eaton hit for Elías. Eaton walked. Turner struck out swinging. Parra struck out swinging. Rendon walked, Eaton to second. Ramírez in center field. García pitching for Marlins. Scherzer ran for Eaton. Granderson in right field. Soto doubled to deep right, Scherzer scored, Rendon to third. Cabrera flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Rodney pitching for Nationals. Dean grounded out to third. Granderson struck out swinging. Berti struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Garcia pitching for Marlins. Adams struck out looking. Noesí pitching for Marlins. Castro at shortstop. Walker at third base. Cooper at first base. Suzuki popped out to second. Robles flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Hudson pitching for Nationals. Ramírez reached on infield single to third. Castro homered to center (407 feet), Ramírez scored. Walker flied out to left. Alfaro struck out swinging. Díaz flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Stanek pitching for Marlins. Kendrick hit for Hudson. Kendrick singled to right center. Turner walked, Kendrick to second. Parra bunt popped out to pitcher. Turner to second on passed ball by Alfaro, Kendrick to third on passed ball by Alfaro. Rendon singled to left, Kendrick scored and Turner scored. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 6 - Nationals 7.	Rendon 2-run single in 9th lifts Nationals past Marlins 7-6