Marlins - Top 1st. Agrazal pitching for Pirates. Berti singled to center. Castro hit by pitch, Berti to second. Cooper flied out to center. Walker singled to center, Berti scored, Castro to second. Alfaro flied out to center, Castro to third. Walker stole second. Díaz struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Newman reached on infield single to pitcher. Reynolds homered to center (424 feet), Newman scored. Moran hit ground rule double to deep right. Bell singled to right, Moran to third. Cabrera flied out to right. Reyes doubled to left, Moran scored, Reyes to third, Bell out at home. Frazier walked. Díaz hit by pitch, Frazier to second. Dario Agrazal reaches on throwing error by second baseman Isan Diaz.   Pablo Reyes scores.    Adam Frazier scores.    Elias Diaz to 3rd.    Dario Agrazal to 2nd. Newman flied out to left. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 2nd. Agrazal pitching for Pirates. Ramírez homered to right (366 feet). Sierra singled to right center. Hernandez sacrificed to first, Sierra to second. Berti grounded out to second, Sierra to third. Castro grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Reynolds lined out to right. Moran doubled to right. Bell popped out to shortstop. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Agrazal pitching for Pirates. Cooper grounded out to pitcher. Walker singled to right. Alfaro grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Walker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Reyes walked. Frazier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reyes out at second. Díaz struck out swinging. Agrazal singled to right, Frazier to second. Newman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Agrazal pitching for Pirates. Díaz flied out to left. Ramírez flied out to center. Sierra walked. Granderson hit for Hernandez. Granderson fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Moran pitching for Marlins. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Moran struck out looking. Bell hit by pitch. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Agrazal pitching for Pirates. Berti doubled to first. Castro walked. Cooper singled to right, Castro to second, Berti to third. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Berti scored, Cooper out at second, Castro to third. Alfaro reached on infield single to catcher, Walker to second. Díaz singled to left center, Castro scored and Walker scored, Alfaro to second. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Alfaro scored on error by catcher Díaz, Díaz safe at third on error by third baseman Moran. Sierra struck out swinging, Díaz caught stealing home, catcher to shortstop to catcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Brigham pitching for Marlins. Reyes flied out to center. Frazier lined out to first. Díaz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Hartlieb pitching for Pirates. Dean hit for Brigham. Dean doubled to deep right. Berti walked. Castro singled to right, Berti to second, Dean to third. Cooper walked, Dean scored, Castro to second, Berti to third. Rios pitching for Pirates. Stallings catching. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to first, Berti scored, Cooper out at second, Castro to third. Alfaro grounded into double play, third to second to first, Walker out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Quijada pitching for Marlins. Stallings singled to center. Newman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Newman safe at first on error by shortstop Berti, Stallings to second. Reynolds struck out swinging. Moran struck out swinging. Bell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 7th. Markel pitching for Pirates. Osuna at third base. Díaz struck out swinging. Ramírez walked. Sierra singled to center, Sierra to second, Ramírez thrown out at third. Prado hit for Quijada. Prado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Stanek pitching for Marlins. Cabrera grounded out to second. Reyes grounded out to third. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Markel pitching for Pirates. Berti struck out, Berti to first on wild pitch by Markel. Castro singled to center, Berti to third. Cooper grounded out to third, Castro to second. Walker intentionally walked. Alfaro singled to center, Berti scored and Castro scored, Walker to second. Díaz singled to right, Alfaro to second, Walker thrown out at home. Ramírez lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Kinley pitching for Marlins. Osuna lined out to left. Stallings grounded out to third. Newman lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Sierra singled to right. Heineman hit for Kinley. Heineman struck out swinging. Berti popped out to second. Castro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. García pitching for Marlins. Reynolds homered to left (372 feet). Tucker hit for Rodríguez. Tucker grounded out to second. Bell homered to left (399 feet). Cabrera fouled out to third. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 10 - Pirates 7.	Got you, bro: B. Moran K's brother in MLB debut