Marlins - Top 1st. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Berti struck out swinging. Rojas grounded out to shortstop. Castro walked. Alfaro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Smith pitching for Marlins. Vargas fouled out to pitcher. Marte doubled to deep left. Escobar flied out to center. Walker hit by pitch. Walker to second on wild pitch by Smith, Marte to third on wild pitch by Smith. Flores struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Prado lined out to shortstop. Díaz flied out to center. Brinson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Holaday catching. Smith pitching for Marlins. Jones flied out to center. Kelly struck out swinging. Locastro walked. Young grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Dean singled to left. Smith sacrificed to first, Dean to second. Berti struck out swinging. Rojas doubled to deep left center, Dean scored. Castro flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Smith pitching for Marlins. Vargas flied out to right. Marte singled to deep left. Escobar struck out swinging. Walker doubled to left, Marte scored, Walker thrown out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Holaday walked. Prado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Holaday out at second. Díaz reached on infield single to first. Brinson walked, Díaz to second. Dean grounded into fielder's choice to third, Brinson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Smith pitching for Marlins. Flores flied out to left. Jones singled to deep left. Kelly struck out looking. Locastro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Rojas in left field. Locastro in center field. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith struck out swinging. Berti reached on infield single to shortstop. Rojas grounded out to first, Berti to second, Berti safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Walker. Castro intentionally walked. Holaday singled to left, Berti scored, Castro to second. Prado lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Cron hit for Young. Smith pitching for Marlins. Cron homered to left center (405 feet). Vargas grounded out to third. Rojas doubled to deep left. Escobar doubled to shallow right, Rojas scored. Walker flied out to right. Flores singled to center, Escobar scored. Jones flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks. Díaz struck out looking. Brinson struck out swinging. Dean doubled to deep right. Walker hit for Smith. Walker walked. Berti reached on infield single to pitcher, Walker to second, Dean to third. Rojas doubled to left, Berti scored, Dean scored and Walker scored. Castro grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Brigham pitching for Marlins. Kelly flied out to right. Locastro flied out to center. Lamb hit for Andriese. Lamb flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks. Holaday doubled to left. Prado singled to center, Holaday to third. Díaz doubled to deep center, Holaday scored, Prado to third. Brinson singled to center, Prado scored. Dean doubled to deep right, Díaz scored, Brinson to third. Ramírez hit for Brigham. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramírez grounded out to first. Berti struck out swinging. Rojas singled to deep left, Brinson scored and Dean scored. Castro flied out to right. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Stanek pitching for Marlins. Vargas struck out swinging. Rojas walked. Escobar singled to shallow right, Rojas to third. Walker singled to deep center, Rojas scored, Escobar to third. Flores fouled out to third. Jones struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Holaday homered to left (386 feet). Prado doubled to deep right center. Díaz grounded out to shortstop, Prado to third. Brinson walked. Dean grounded into fielder's choice to second, Prado scored, Brinson out at second. Granderson hit for Stanek. Granderson walked, Dean to second. Berti struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Noesí pitching for Marlins. Kelly flied out to center. Locastro fouled out to right. Leyba hit for Clarke. Leyba struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Duplantier pitching for Diamondbacks. Joseph catching. Duplantier pitching for Diamondbacks. Leyba at second base. Rojas doubled to deep center. Castro struck out swinging. Holaday grounded out to shortstop. Prado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Berti at third base. Sierra in center field. Noesi pitching for Marlins. Vargas tripled to deep right center. Rojas singled to left, Vargas scored. Rojas to second on fielder's indifference. Escobar lined out to center. Walker singled to center, Rojas to third. Almonte flied into double play, center to shortstop to third, Rojas out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 12 - Diamondbacks 6.	Rojas has 6 RBIs, Marlins power past D-backs 12-6