Red Sox - Top 1st. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Damon walked. Walker lined into double play, second to first, Damon doubled off first. Garciaparra grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Hairston walked. Hairston stole second. Matthews Jr flied out to center. Surhoff grounded out to shortstop, Hairston to third. Conine walked. Gibbons struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Ramirez safe at first on error by catcher Gil. Ortiz flied out to left. Millar walked, Ramirez to second. Hillenbrand grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Millar out at second, Ramirez to third. Nixon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Batista doubled to deep left. Mora flied out to center. Cruz flied out to center, Batista to third. Gil walked. Hairston singled to right, Batista scored, Gil to second. Matthews Jr fouled out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Varitek singled to center. Damon walked, Varitek to second. Walker singled to center, Varitek scored, Damon to second. Garciaparra flied out to center. Damon to third, Walker to second on wild pitch by Ponson. Ramirez intentionally walked. Ortiz walked, Damon scored, Walker to third, Ramirez to second. Millar singled to right, Walker and Ramirez scored, Ortiz to third. Hillenbrand singled to right, Ortiz scored, Millar to second. Nixon singled to right, Millar to third, Hillenbrand to second. Hentgen pitching for Orioles. Varitek lined into double play, to first, Nixon doubled off first. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Surhoff singled to center. Conine struck out swinging. Gibbons singled to right, Surhoff to second. Batista grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gibbons out at second, Surhoff to third. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Batista out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Hentgen pitching for Orioles. Damon grounded out to pitcher. Walker struck out swinging. Garciaparra reached on infield single to first. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Cruz lined out to shortstop. Gil flied out to left. Hairston singled to center. Matthews Jr struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Hentgen pitching for Orioles. Ortiz flied out to right. Millar flied out to right. Hillenbrand fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Surhoff struck out looking. Conine singled to right. Gibbons grounded into fielder's choice to first, Conine out at second. Batista singled to left, Gibbons to second. Mora struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Hentgen pitching for Orioles. Nixon hit ground rule double to right. Varitek homered to right, Nixon scored. Damon flied out to right. Walker homered to center. Garciaparra singled to left. Ramirez singled to deep right, Garciaparra to third. Ortiz grounded out to pitcher, Ramirez to second. Woodard pitching for Red Sox. Millar grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Woodard pitching for Red Sox. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Gil grounded out to second. Hairston flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Hentgen pitching for Orioles. Hillenbrand struck out looking. Nixon struck out swinging. Varitek walked. Damon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Woodard pitching for Red Sox. Matthews Jr reached on infield single to first. Surhoff doubled to center, Matthews Jr scored. Conine flied out to right, Surhoff to third. Gibbons grounded out to second, Surhoff scored. Batista singled to left. Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles. Mora struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles. Walker popped out to third. Garciaparra struck out swinging. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Ramirez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Gil walked. Julio pitching for Orioles. Hairston grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gil out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Julio pitching for Orioles. Ortiz flied out to deep left. Millar popped out to second. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Matthews Jr singled to center. Surhoff doubled to right, Matthews Jr to third. Conine hit sacrifice fly to center, Matthews Jr scored. Gibbons lined out to third. Batista singled to left, Surhoff scored. Mora singled to right, Batista scored. Cruz singled to right, Mora to third. Gil doubled to left, Mora scored, Cruz out at home. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 8 - Orioles 7.	Red Sox need defensive gem to hold seven-run lead