Orioles - Top 1st. Parque pitching for Devil Rays. Hairston singled to center. Matthews Jr doubled to right, Hairston to third. Segui grounded out to shortstop, Hairston scored. Conine walked. Gibbons grounded into fielder's choice to third, Matthews Jr out at third, Conine to second, Conine scored, Gibbons to second on throwing error by third baseman Easley.J Gibbons to third. Batista walked. Cordova walked, Batista to second. Cruz doubled to deep left center, Gibbons, Cordova and Batista scored. Gil grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Daal pitching for Orioles. Crawford struck out swinging. Baldelli struck out swinging. Huff grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Parque pitching for Devil Rays. Hairston walked. Hairston stole second. Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop, Hairston to third. Segui singled to left, Hairston scored. Conine singled to left, Segui to second. Gibbons flied out to left. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Batista grounded into fielder's choice to third, Segui out at third, Conine to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Daal pitching for Orioles. Shumpert struck out looking. Lee singled to center. Easley singled to right, Lee to second. Rolls struck out swinging. Lee to third on wild pitch by Daal. Hall flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Cordova walked. Cruz fouled out to left. Gil flied out to shallow right. Hairston struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Daal pitching for Orioles. Ordonez grounded out to third. Crawford grounded out to second. Baldelli singled to right center. Huff walked, Baldelli to second. Shumpert grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Huff out at second, Baldelli to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. Segui struck out swinging. Conine singled to center. Conine to second on wild pitch by Sosa. Gibbons grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Daal pitching for Orioles. Lee singled to right. Easley doubled to deep left, Lee to third. Rolls singled to left, Lee and Easley scored. Rolls to second on wild pitch by Daal. Hall walked. Ordonez flied out to center. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hall out at second, Rolls to third. Baldelli reached on infield single to second, Rolls scored, Crawford to second, Crawford to third on throwing error by second baseman Hairston. Huff reached on infield single to pitcher, Crawford scored, Baldelli to second. Shumpert flied out to left. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Batista singled to left. Cordova singled to left center, Batista to second. Cruz flied out to center. Gil grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Cordova out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Daal pitching for Orioles. Lee struck out looking. Easley grounded out to first. Rolls flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Hairston walked. Matthews Jr lined into double play, to first, Hairston doubled off first. Bauer pitching for Orioles. Segui struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Bauer pitching for Orioles. Hall walked. Ordonez doubled to deep left, Hall scored. Crawford flied out to center, Ordonez to third. Baldelli hit sacrifice fly to right, Ordonez scored. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Huff struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Conine struck out swinging. Gibbons singled to center. Gibbons to second on wild pitch by McClung. Batista grounded out to second, Gibbons to third. Cordova intentionally walked. Anderson hit for Shumpert. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cordova out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Bauer pitching for Orioles. Anderson flied out to center. Lee flied out to center. Easley singled to left. Rolls singled to right, Easley to second. Anderson at second base. Hall grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Gil lined out to first. Hairston flied out to left. Matthews Jr struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Bauer pitching for Orioles. Ordonez flied out to center. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Crawford struck out swinging. Baldelli hit by pitch. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Huff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Segui singled to center. Conine singled to right, Segui to third. Morban ran for Segui. Gibbons grounded out to first, Conine to second. Batista intentionally walked. Surhoff hit for Cordova. Surhoff in left field. Surhoff grounded into double play, first to catcher, Morban out at home, Conine to third, Batista to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Anderson struck out swinging. Lee reached on infield single to second. Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles. Martin hit for Rolls. Easley singled to left, Lee to second. Martin flied out to right, Lee to third. Easley to second on fielder's indifference. Martin in right field. Hall popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 10th. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Cruz lined out to left. Gil homered to left. Hairston flied out to center. Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 10th. Julio pitching for Orioles. Grieve hit for Ordonez. Grieve doubled to deep right. Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop. Baldelli sacrificed to pitcher, Grieve to third, Crawford to second. Huff intentionally walked. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Grieve scored, Crawford to third, Huff safe at second on error by Hairston. Groom pitching for Orioles. Lee reached on infield single to shortstop, Crawford scored, Huff to third, Anderson to second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 7 - Devil Rays 8.	Devil Rays rally from six down, beat O's in 10th