Orioles - Top 1st. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Roberts grounded out to first. Mora struck out looking. Segui singled to left. Conine lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Daal pitching for Orioles. Biggio doubled to left center. Ensberg singled to center, Biggio scored. Bagwell walked, Ensberg to second. Kent singled to left center, Ensberg scored, Bagwell to second. Berkman popped out to shallow left. Hunter singled to right, Bagwell scored, Kent to second, Kent to third on error by right fielder Gibbons. Ausmus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hunter out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 2nd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Gibbons grounded out to first. Batista struck out swinging. Cruz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Daal pitching for Orioles. Everett singled to left. Oswalt sacrificed to catcher, Everett to second. Biggio grounded out to second, Everett to third. Ensberg singled to left, Everett scored. Bagwell singled to center, Ensberg to second. Kent flied out to deep center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Mendez hit for Daal. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Fordyce singled to left center. Mendez doubled to left center, Fordyce to third. Roberts singled to right, Fordyce scored, Mendez to third. Mora struck out swinging. Segui struck out looking. Driskill pitching for Orioles. Conine popped out to shallow center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Driskill pitching for Orioles. Berkman singled to right center. Hunter doubled to left, Berkman to third. Ausmus hit sacrifice fly to right, Berkman scored, Hunter to third. Everett sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hunter scored. Oswalt sacrificed to first, Everett to second. Biggio flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Gibbons grounded out to pitcher. Batista hit by pitch. Cruz lined out to left. Surhoff hit for Driskill. Fordyce singled to right, Batista to third. Roberts pitching for Orioles. Surhoff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Roberts pitching for Orioles. Ensberg walked. Ensberg stole second. Bagwell walked. Kent grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bagwell out at second, Ensberg to third. Berkman walked, Kent to second. Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop, Ensberg scored, Kent to third, Berkman to second. Ausmus struck out swinging. Everett struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Roberts singled to left center. Mora singled to center, Roberts to second. Segui struck out looking. Conine struck out swinging. Gibbons struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Roberts pitching for Orioles. Oswalt grounded out to pitcher. Biggio hit by pitch. Ensberg grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Biggio out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Vizcaino at second base. Hunter in center field. Porter in right field. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Batista struck out swinging. Cruz struck out swinging. Fordyce flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Roberts pitching for Orioles. Bagwell struck out swinging. Vizcaino singled to left. Berkman walked, Vizcaino to second. Vizcaino to third, Berkman to second on wild pitch by Roberts. Hunter singled to center, Vizcaino and Berkman scored. Ausmus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hunter out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Morban hit for Roberts. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Morban struck out swinging. Roberts struck out swinging. Mora singled to left. Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles. Segui grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Blum hit for Oswalt. Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles. Everett popped out to shortstop. Blum grounded out to first. Porter singled to right center. Ensberg homered to left center, Porter scored. Blum at first base. Munro pitching for Astros. Bagwell grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Munro pitching for Astros. Conine popped out to second. Gibbons grounded out to second. Batista doubled to left center. Julio pitching for Orioles. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Julio pitching for Orioles. Vizcaino grounded out to pitcher. Berkman walked. Bland pitching for Astros. Hunter grounded into double play, third to second to first, Berkman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Gil hit for Julio. Bland pitching for Astros. Fordyce safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Bland. Gil grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Fordyce out at second. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 1 - Astros 11.	Oswalt fans 11 as Astros complete sweep