Orioles - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Roberts grounded out to first. Matos singled to right. Surhoff struck out swinging. Conine grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Soriano homered to center. Jeter walked. Giambi walked, Jeter to second. Williams flied out to center, Jeter to third. Posada grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jeter out at home, Giambi to second. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Gibbons struck out swinging. Batista grounded out to shortstop. Bigbie reached on infield single to shortstop. Cruz grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Boone flied out to left. Johnson singled to deep right. Rivera flied out to right. Soriano doubled to shallow center, Johnson thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Machado walked. Roberts grounded into double play, third to second to first, Machado out at second. Matos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Jeter flied out to right. Giambi flied out to center. Williams flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Surhoff struck out swinging. Conine singled to shallow center. Gibbons popped out to shortstop. Batista singled to shallow left, Conine to second. Bigbie grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Posada struck out looking. Matsui grounded out to second. Boone grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Cruz flied out to right. Machado singled to left. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Machado out at second. Roberts stole second. Matos grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Johnson hit by pitch. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Johnson out at second. Soriano grounded out to catcher, Rivera to second. Jeter singled to shallow left, Rivera scored, Jeter out stretching at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Surhoff flied out to left. Conine singled to shallow left center. Gibbons singled to left center, Conine to second. Batista singled to shallow right, Conine to third, Gibbons to second. Bigbie singled to shallow left, Conine scored, Gibbons to third, Batista to second. Cruz struck out looking. Machado struck out looking. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Giambi hit by pitch. Williams flied out to center. Posada safe at first on error by first baseman Conine, Giambi to second. Matsui popped out to third. Boone walked, Giambi to third, Posada to second. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 7th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Roberts popped out to second. Matos grounded out to third. Nelson pitching for Yankees. Surhoff singled to right. Conine flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Rivera safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cruz. Carrasco pitching for Orioles. Soriano singled to left, Rivera to second. Rivera to third, Soriano to second on passed ball by Machado. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Jeter intentionally walked. Rivera scored, Soriano to third on passed ball by Machado. Giambi hit by pitch, Jeter to second. Williams grounded into double play, shortstop to catcher to first, Soriano out at home. Orosco pitching for Yankees. Posada grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 8th. Weaver pitching for Yankees. Gibbons grounded out to first. Batista popped out to first. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Bigbie homered to left. Cruz flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Matsui doubled to deep center. Boone grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matsui to third. Sierra hit for Rivera. Johnson grounded out to second. Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles. Sierra grounded out to pitcher. Soriano singled to center, Matsui and Boone scored. Dellucci in right field. Wilson at third base. Fordyce hit for Machado. Jeter flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Fordyce grounded out to second. Roberts struck out looking. Matos popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 2 - Yankees 5.	Giambi, Boone injured in win