Orioles - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Roberts grounded out to third. Hairston Jr grounded out to shortstop. Bigbie grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Daal pitching for Orioles. Damon reached on infield single to shortstop. Mueller doubled to left, Damon to third. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop, Damon scored. Ramirez singled to right, Mueller to third. Ortiz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mueller scored, Ramirez out at second. Millar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ortiz out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Gibbons grounded out to shortstop. Batista grounded out to second. Surhoff walked. Matos walked, Surhoff to second. Cust struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Daal pitching for Orioles. Varitek homered to center. Kapler doubled to left. Jackson doubled to left, Kapler scored. Damon flied out to center. Mueller hit by pitch. Jackson stole third. Garciaparra homered to left, Jackson and Mueller scored. Ramirez flied out to right. Douglass pitching for Orioles. Ortiz walked. Millar flied out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Fordyce walked. Roberts lined out to shortstop. Hairston Jr grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Fordyce out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Douglass pitching for Orioles. Varitek grounded out to shortstop. Kapler singled to center. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kapler out at second. Damon reached on infield single to third, Jackson to second. Mueller doubled to left center, Jackson and Damon scored. Garciaparra flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Bigbie grounded out to pitcher. Gibbons flied out to center. Batista fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Douglass pitching for Orioles. Ramirez singled to left center. Ortiz walked, Ramirez to second. Millar homered to left, Ramirez and Ortiz scored. Varitek grounded out to first. Kapler walked. Jackson struck out looking. Damon struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Surhoff grounded out to second. Matos reached on infield single to third. Cust singled to center, Matos to second. Fordyce walked, Matos to third, Cust to second. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to first, Matos scored, Fordyce out at second, Cust to third. Roberts to second on fielder's indifference. Bauer pitching for Orioles. Hairston Jr grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Bauer pitching for Orioles. Mueller flied out to center. Garciaparra fouled out to first. Brown in center field. Merloni at second base. McCarty in left field. Jackson at shortstop. Ramirez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Bigbie batting. Gibbons grounded out to shortstop, Bigbie to third. Batista hit sacrifice fly to center, Bigbie scored. Surhoff grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Bauer pitching for Orioles. Ortiz singled to right. Abad ran for Millar. Mirabelli hit for Varitek. Millar singled to center, Ortiz to second. Mirabelli grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abad out at second, Ortiz to third. Abad at first base. Mirabelli catching. Jones pitching for Red Sox. Raines Jr hit for Matos. Kapler grounded into double play, third to second to first, Mirabelli out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Jones pitching for Red Sox. Raines Jr struck out swinging. Machado hit for Fordyce. Cust popped out to third. Morban at second base. Swann in left field. Mendez at first base. Raines Jr in center field. Machado catching. Ainsworth pitching for Orioles. Machado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Ainsworth pitching for Orioles. Jackson singled to left. Brown singled to left, Jackson to second. Mueller singled to right center, Jackson scored, Brown to second. Merloni struck out swinging. Haselman hit for Ortiz. McCarty struck out swinging. Sauerbeck pitching for Red Sox. Haselman grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Sauerbeck pitching for Red Sox. Roberts walked. Morban struck out looking. Swann singled to center, Roberts scored. Gibbons struck out looking. Batista walked, Swann to second. Mendez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Ainsworth pitching for Orioles. Abad walked. Mirabelli doubled to left, Abad to third. Kapler struck out looking. Groom pitching for Orioles. Jackson safe at first on error by shortstop Roberts, Abad scored. Brown flied out to right. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Mueller flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 9th. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Raines Jr reached on infield single to shortstop. Cust grounded into fielder's choice to first, Raines Jr out at second, Cust to second on throwing error by shortstop Jackson. Machado grounded out to third. Roberts struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 3 - Red Sox 14.	Red Sox pound Orioles to clinch wild card