Mets - Top 1st . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Reyes singled to shallow right center . Reyes stole second . Lo Duca singled to center , Reyes scored . Beltran walked , Lo Duca to second . Delgado singled to left , Lo Duca to third , Beltran to second . Wright struck out swinging . Floyd singled to right , Lo Duca scored , Beltran to third , Delgado to second , Beltran scored , Delgado to third on error by right fielder Hermida . Valentin struck out swinging . Chavez safe at second on error by pitcher Nolasco , Delgado scored , Floyd to third . Trachsel flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Trachsel pitching for Mets . Amezaga grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop . Ramirez stole second . Jacobs grounded out to shortstop , Ramirez to third . Cabrera popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Reyes singled to center . Lo Duca singled to left , Reyes to second . Beltran reached on bunt single to third , Reyes to third , Lo Duca to second . Delgado hit sacrifice fly to center , Reyes scored . Wright grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lo Duca out at third , Beltran to second , Beltran to third on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera . Floyd struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Trachsel pitching for Mets . Willingham singled to center . Hermida lined out to right . Ross doubled to left , Willingham to third . Borchard hit for Nolasco . Olivo grounded out to third . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Borchard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Valentin struck out looking . Chavez singled to center . Chavez to second on wild pitch by Pinto . Trachsel walked . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Trachsel out at second , Chavez to third , Chavez scored on throwing error by second baseman Amezaga . Lo Duca struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Trachsel pitching for Mets . Amezaga singled to left . Ramirez grounded out to third , Amezaga to second . Jacobs flied out to left . Cabrera singled to right , Amezaga scored , Cabrera out stretching at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Beltran struck out swinging . Delgado walked . Wright flied out to center . Floyd grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Trachsel pitching for Mets . Willingham flied out to right . Hermida grounded out to second . Ross struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Valentin grounded out to third . Chavez grounded out to first . Trachsel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Trachsel pitching for Mets . Olivo grounded out to pitcher . Pinto lined out to shortstop . Amezaga bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Reyes lined out to third . Lo Duca struck out looking . Beltran fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Trachsel pitching for Mets . Ramirez homered to left . Jacobs grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera homered to right . Willingham flied out to center . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Hermida walked . Ross flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Delgado walked . Wright grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Delgado out at second . Floyd flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Helms hit for Pinto . Hernandez pitching for Mets . Olivo struck out swinging , Olivo safe at first on wild pitch by Hernandez . Helms singled to right center , Olivo to second . Amezaga lined out to center , Olivo to third . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Uggla hit for Jacobs . Ramirez fouled out to first . Bradford pitching for Mets . Uggla walked , Helms to second . Cabrera singled to left , Olivo and Helms scored , Uggla to second . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Uggla at second base . Helms at first base . Willingham lined out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Valentin walked . Valentin picked off first . Franco hit for Bradford . Chavez bunt grounded out to pitcher . Franco singled to right . Heilman pitching for Mets . Reyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Heilman pitching for Mets . Hermida struck out swinging . Ross flied out to center . Borowski pitching for Marlins . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Borowski pitching for Marlins . Lo Duca singled to center . Beltran singled to center , Lo Duca to second . Delgado walked , Lo Duca to third , Beltran to second . Wright flied out to right . NY Mets 's Floyd ejected by Fletcher in the 9th . Wagner pitching for Mets . Milledge in left field . Valentin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Abercrombie ran for Helms . Moehler hit for Borowski . Wagner pitching for Mets . Helms singled to left . Olsen ran for Moehler . Moehler hit by pitch , Abercrombie to second . Ramirez struck out bunting foul . Kensing ran for Olsen . Uggla struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 6 - Marlins 5 .	Mets build 6 - 0 lead , survive Marlins comeback bid