Phillies - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Mets . Rollins grounded out to second . Victorino walked . Utley walked , Victorino to second . Howard grounded out to first , Victorino to third , Utley to second . Burrell struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Reyes hit ground rule double to deep left . Lo Duca grounded out to first , Reyes to third . Beltran homered to right , Reyes scored . Delgado grounded out to first . Wright flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Mets . Hernandez struck out looking . Coste flied out to center . Nunez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Green fouled out to catcher . Valentin grounded out to first . Chavez singled to left . Perez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Mets . Lieber struck out swinging . Rollins struck out swinging . Victorino flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Reyes grounded out to second . Lo Duca singled to left . Beltran grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Lo Duca out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Mets . Utley grounded out to first . Howard popped out to third . Burrell walked . Hernandez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Delgado singled to center . Wright popped out to second . Green flied out to center . Valentin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Mets . Coste walked . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Coste out at second . Lieber walked , Nunez to second . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lieber out at second , Nunez to third . Victorino singled to left , Nunez scored , Rollins to second . Utley hit by pitch , Rollins to third , Victorino to second . Howard homered to right , Rollins , Victorino and Utley scored . Burrell struck out looking . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Tucker hit for Perez . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Chavez singled to right . Tucker walked , Chavez to second . Reyes popped out to shortstop . Oliver pitching for Mets . Lo Duca grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tucker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Oliver pitching for Mets . Hernandez lined out to shortstop . Coste doubled to right . Nunez flied out to right . Lieber struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Beltran walked . Delgado homered to left center , Beltran scored . Wright grounded out to catcher . Green singled to center . Valentin singled to center , Green to second . Franco hit for Oliver . Chavez reached on bunt single to third , Green to third , Valentin to second . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Franco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Chavez out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Rollins lined out to second . Victorino singled to left . Utley flied out to left . White pitching for Phillies . Howard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . White pitching for Phillies . Reyes singled to center . Lo Duca singled to right center , Reyes to second . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Beltran hit by pitch , Reyes to third , Lo Duca to second . Delgado hit sacrifice fly to center , Reyes scored , Lo Duca to third , Beltran to second . Wright intentionally walked . Green doubled to deep left , Lo Duca and Beltran scored , Wright to third . Valentin intentionally walked . Woodward hit for Feliciano . Chavez doubled to deep right , Wright and Green scored , Valentin to third . Woodward singled to right center , Valentin and Chavez scored . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Woodward out at second . Mota pitching for Mets . Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Thurston hit for Hernandez . Mota pitching for Mets . Burrell grounded out to third . Thurston struck out swinging . Thurston in right field . Smith pitching for Phillies . Coste grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Smith pitching for Phillies . Beltran grounded out to shortstop . Delgado flied out to right . Wright grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Dellucci hit for Smith . Mota pitching for Mets . Nunez popped out to shortstop . Dellucci lined out to first . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 5 - Mets 11 .	Green helps Mets survive Howard slam , Phillies