White Sox - Top 1st . Escobar pitching for Angels . Erstad flied out to left . Iguchi struck out looking . Dye lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Willits walked . Willits stole second . Cabrera singled to left center , Willits to third . Matthews hit sacrifice fly to left , Willits scored , Cabrera to second . Guerrero grounded out to third . Kotchman fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Konerko safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . Konerko to second on wild pitch by Escobar . Pierzynski walked . Crede flied out to center , Konerko to third , Pierzynski to second . Mackowiak grounded out to pitcher . Cintron grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Aybar reached on bunt single to pitcher . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Aybar safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Contreras . Napoli doubled to center , Aybar scored , Hillenbrand to third . Figgins grounded out to third . Willits flied out to left . Cabrera singled to left center , Hillenbrand and Napoli scored . Matthews flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Sweeney singled to left . Erstad singled to center , Sweeney to second . Iguchi grounded into double play , third to second , Sweeney out at third . Dye doubled to deep left , Erstad scored . Konerko flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Guerrero singled to left . Guerrero caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Kotchman struck out swinging . Aybar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Pierzynski grounded out to third . Crede flied out to left . Mackowiak reached on infield single to shortstop . Cintron grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Hillenbrand reached on infield single to second . Napoli struck out swinging . Figgins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hillenbrand out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Sweeney grounded out to first . Erstad grounded out to second . Iguchi singled to left . Dye struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Willits grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to second . Matthews struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Konerko singled to left . Pierzynski grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Konerko out at second . Crede struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Guerrero grounded out to second . Kotchman walked . Aybar struck out swinging , Kotchman stole second . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Mackowiak walked . Cintron popped out to shortstop . Sweeney struck out swinging . Erstad grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Napoli walked . Sisco pitching for White Sox . Figgins bunt popped out to pitcher . Napoli stole second . Masset pitching for White Sox . Willits walked . Shields pitching for Angels . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Willits out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Iguchi struck out looking . Dye struck out looking . Logan pitching for White Sox . Konerko grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Logan pitching for White Sox . Matthews singled to right . Guerrero grounded out to third , Matthews to second . Matthews stole third . Kotchman singled to left , Matthews scored . Aybar flied out to right . Hillenbrand flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Shields pitching for Angels . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Crede flied out to left . Mackowiak struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 1 - Angels 5 .	Scioscia raises bar with Angels