White Sox - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Angels . Erstad singled to center . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Erstad out at second . Ozuna stole second . Dye struck out looking . Konerko singled to center , Ozuna scored . Pierzynski struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for White Sox . Willits struck out swinging . Cabrera fouled out to first . Matthews grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Iguchi doubled to deep center . Crede fouled out to first . Cintron doubled to deep center , Iguchi scored . Sweeney grounded out to first . Erstad singled to left , Cintron scored . Ozuna struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Guerrero walked . Kotchman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guerrero out at second . Aybar grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Kotchman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Dye walked . Konerko grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dye out at second . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Molina grounded out to pitcher . Figgins bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Iguchi popped out to shortstop . Crede struck out swinging . Cintron grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Willits singled to right . Cabrera doubled to deep right , Willits scored . Matthews singled to left center , Cabrera to third . Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to right , Cabrera scored . Kotchman fouled out to left . Aybar grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Sweeney flied out to center . Erstad lined out to third . Ozuna safe at first on error by third baseman Figgins . Dye struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 5th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Hillenbrand doubled to deep center . Molina sacrificed to pitcher , Hillenbrand to third . Figgins doubled to deep right , Hillenbrand scored . Willits flied out to right . Cabrera lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Konerko struck out swinging . Pierzynski doubled to left . Iguchi struck out swinging . Crede singled to right , Pierzynski scored . Crede caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Cintron batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Matthews flied out to center . Guerrero singled to center . Kotchman flied out to left . Aybar popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Cintron grounded out to second . Sweeney struck out swinging . Erstad walked . Erstad stole second , Erstad safe at third on error by second baseman Aybar . Ozuna grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 7th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Molina singled to left . Figgins grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Molina out at second . Willits grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Dye reached on infield single to shortstop . Konerko grounded out to third , Dye to second . Pierzynski grounded out to second , Dye to third . Iguchi grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to right . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Matthews struck out swinging . Guerrero grounded out to second , Cabrera to second . Oliver pitching for Angels . Kotchman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Crede flied out to center . Cintron singled to left . Sweeney doubled to left , Cintron to third . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Mackowiak hit for Ozuna . Erstad safe at first on error by pitcher Oliver , Cintron scored , Sweeney to third . Mackowiak grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sweeney scored , Erstad to second . Dye struck out swinging . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Konerko struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . Murphy hit for Molina . Hillenbrand popped out to shortstop . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Angels 3 .	Garland shakes monkey off back , ChiSox end skid