Angels - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Willits fouled out to left . Figgins struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center . Matthews walked , Cabrera to second . Kotchman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Escobar pitching for Angels . Suzuki reached on infield single to first . Vidro singled to center , Suzuki to third . Ibanez fouled out to third . Sexson struck out swinging . Guillen singled to center , Suzuki scored , Vidro to third . Beltre safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Figgins , Vidro scored , Guillen to third . Guillen scored , Beltre to second on wild pitch by Escobar . Johjima grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Hillenbrand lined out to shortstop . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Betancourt flied out to right . Lopez popped out to second . Suzuki singled to left . Suzuki stole second . Vidro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Murphy struck out looking . Willits lined out to center . Figgins walked . Cabrera reached on infield single to third , Figgins to second . Matthews reached on infield single to third , Figgins to third , Cabrera to second . Kotchman reached on infield single to shortstop , Figgins scored , Cabrera to third , Matthews to second . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Matthews out at third , Kotchman to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Ibanez safe at second on error by second baseman Izturis . Ibanez to third on wild pitch by Escobar . Sexson walked . Guillen doubled to deep left , Ibanez scored , Sexson to third . Beltre singled to center , Sexson scored , Guillen to third . Beltre stole second . Johjima hit sacrifice fly to center , Guillen scored . Beltre stole third . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Betancourt singled to left , Beltre scored . Lopez homered to left , Betancourt scored . Suzuki singled to center . Vidro walked , Suzuki to second . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vidro out at second , Suzuki to third . Sexson struck out looking . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Izturis singled to center . Napoli doubled to left , Izturis to third . Murphy struck out looking . Willits walked . Figgins struck out swinging . White pitching for Mariners . Cabrera singled to center , Izturis and Napoli scored , Willits to second . Matthews flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Guillen struck out swinging . Beltre struck out swinging . Johjima homered to left . Betancourt grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . White pitching for Mariners . Kotchman grounded out to pitcher . Hillenbrand struck out looking . Willits in center field . Aybar at shortstop . Quinlan in left field . Morales at first base . Izturis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Lopez flied out to center . Suzuki singled to shallow left center . Vidro walked , Suzuki to second . Suzuki to third , Vidro to second on wild pitch by Carrasco . Ibanez struck out swinging . Sexson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . White pitching for Mariners . Napoli flied out to center . Murphy lined out to right . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Willits grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Guillen grounded out to third . Beltre popped out to shortstop . Johjima singled to center . Broussard in left field . Ellison in right field . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . White pitching for Mariners . Figgins fouled out to left . Aybar grounded out to second . Quinlan grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Lopez hit by pitch . Lopez to second on wild pitch by Bootcheck . Suzuki singled to right center , Lopez scored . Vidro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . Broussard flied out to right . Bloomquist in center field . Sexson flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . White pitching for Mariners . Morales grounded out to pitcher . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Oliver pitching for Angels . Izturis popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Ellison struck out looking . Beltre grounded out to second . Davis pitching for Mariners . Johjima grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Davis pitching for Mariners . Napoli popped out to first . Murphy hit ground rule double to left . Willits struck out looking . Figgins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 3 - Mariners 11 .	Suzuki 's five hits power Mariners in Felix 's return