Angels - Top 1st . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Willits singled to right center . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Guerrero homered to left , Willits scored . Matthews grounded out to second . Quinlan grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Colon pitching for Angels . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Vidro fouled out to third . Guillen flied out to right . Sexson walked , Suzuki to second . Broussard flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Izturis flied out to right . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Colon pitching for Angels . Beltre singled to right . Johjima flied out to left . Betancourt singled to right center , Beltre scored . Lopez grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Betancourt out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Aybar reached on infield single to shortstop . Willits singled to left , Aybar to third . Cabrera popped out to second . Guerrero doubled to deep left , Aybar scored , Willits to third . Matthews intentionally walked . Quinlan fouled out to third . Hillenbrand singled to left center , Willits and Guerrero scored , Matthews to second . Izturis struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Colon pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Vidro grounded out to first . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Molina doubled to deep left center . Aybar sacrificed to pitcher , Molina to third . Willits walked . Cabrera singled to center , Molina scored , Willits to second . Guerrero flied out to center , Willits to third . Matthews grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Colon pitching for Angels . Sexson walked . Broussard struck out looking . Beltre doubled to deep right center , Sexson to third . Johjima grounded out to third , Sexson scored , Beltre to third . Betancourt grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Quinlan struck out looking . Hillenbrand flied out to center . Izturis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Colon pitching for Angels . Lopez grounded out to third . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Vidro singled to left . Guillen hit by pitch , Vidro to second . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Molina flied out to center . Aybar grounded out to second . Willits singled to center . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Willits out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Colon pitching for Angels . Broussard homered to right . Beltre singled to right . Johjima grounded into double play , second to first , Beltre out at second . Betancourt doubled to deep left . Davis pitching for Mariners . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Davis pitching for Mariners . Guerrero grounded out to third . Kotchman hit for Quinlan . Matthews lined out to center . Kotchman at first base . Kotchman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Colon pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to center . Suzuki caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Vidro walked . Guillen popped out to first . Sexson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Davis pitching for Mariners . Hillenbrand singled to right . Izturis lined out to center . Oliver pitching for Angels . Bloomquist hit for Broussard . Molina grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hillenbrand out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Bloomquist lined out to first . Beltre flied out to right . Johjima singled to left center . Ibanez hit for Lopez . Betancourt singled to left , Johjima to second . Bloomquist at second base . Ellison in left field . Putz pitching for Mariners . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Aybar singled to right , Aybar to second on error by right fielder Guillen . Willits sacrificed to pitcher , Aybar to third . Aybar scored on Johjima 's passed ball . Cabrera struck out swinging . Guerrero singled to center . Matthews hit by pitch , Guerrero to second . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Kotchman grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Vidro walked . Guillen walked , Vidro to second . Sexson lined into double play , second to first , Guillen doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 7 - Mariners 3 .	Colon stays perfect as Angels beat back Mariners