Mariners - Top 1st . Colon pitching for Angels . Suzuki lined out to third . Vidro grounded out to first . Guillen homered to center . Ibanez singled to right . Sexson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Batista pitching for Mariners . Willits singled to left . Willits caught stealing second , catcher to second . Cabrera singled to left . Guerrero singled to right , Cabrera to third . Matthews singled to right , Cabrera scored , Guerrero to second . Kotchman walked , Guerrero to third , Matthews to second . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop , Guerrero scored , Matthews to third , Kotchman to second . Napoli struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Colon pitching for Angels . Johjima safe at first on error by right fielder Guerrero . Beltre doubled to left , Johjima to third . Betancourt singled to right , Johjima scored , Beltre to third . Lopez doubled to deep center , Beltre and Betancourt scored , Lopez out stretching at third . Suzuki struck out looking . Vidro flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Batista pitching for Mariners . Hillenbrand singled to right . Figgins grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Hillenbrand out at second . Willits grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Colon pitching for Angels . Guillen struck out looking . Ibanez flied out to right . Sexson singled to center . Johjima grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Batista pitching for Mariners . Cabrera flied out to left . Guerrero singled to left . Matthews singled to right , Guerrero to third . Kotchman hit ground rule double to deep center , Guerrero scored , Matthews to third . Kendrick struck out swinging . Napoli walked . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Colon pitching for Angels . Beltre hit ground rule double to left . Betancourt lined into double play , second to shortstop , Beltre doubled off second . Lopez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Figgins struck out swinging . Willits tripled to deep right . Cabrera walked . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop , Willits scored , Cabrera to second . Matthews grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Colon pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to second . Vidro grounded out to second . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Kotchman grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Napoli struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Colon pitching for Angels . Ibanez flied out to center . Sexson reached on infield single to third . Johjima flied out to center . Beltre homered to left , Sexson scored . Betancourt flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Hillenbrand popped out to third . Huber pitching for Mariners . Figgins walked . Willits grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Figgins out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Colon pitching for Angels . Lopez singled to left . Suzuki singled to right , Lopez to second . Vidro sacrificed into fielder 's choice to catcher , Lopez to third , Suzuki to second . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Guillen hit sacrifice fly to right , Lopez scored , Suzuki to third . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Suzuki scored , Vidro to second . Sexson homered to right , Vidro and Ibanez scored . Johjima grounded out to third . Beltre homered to left . Betancourt grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Huber pitching for Mariners . Cabrera struck out swinging . Guerrero singled to center . Matthews grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guerrero out at second . Kotchman singled to right , Matthews to second . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kotchman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Haynes in center field . Aybar at shortstop . Morales in right field . Quinlan in left field . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Lopez reached on infield single to third . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lopez out at second . Ellison hit for Guillen . Vidro flied out to left . Ellison in right field . Bloomquist in left field . Broussard at first base . Ellison grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Huber pitching for Mariners . Napoli singled to left . Hillenbrand popped out to shortstop . Figgins grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Napoli out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Bloomquist singled to center . Broussard flied out to right . Johjima flied out to right . Beltre flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Huber pitching for Mariners . Haynes singled to center . Aybar singled to right , Haynes to third . Morales grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Haynes scored , Aybar out at second , Morales to second on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt . Davis pitching for Mariners . Quinlan walked . Kotchman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Quinlan out at second , Morales to third . Kendrick lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Mariners 12 - Angels 5 .	Beltre ties record with 4 extra - base hits in M 's win