Mariners - Top 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to center . Vidro singled to left , Suzuki to third . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suzuki scored , Vidro out at second . Ibanez walked , Guillen to second . Sexson walked , Guillen to third , Ibanez to second . Johjima grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sexson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . Willits struck out swinging . Cabrera doubled to center . Guerrero intentionally walked . Matthews flied out to center . Quinlan singled to left , Cabrera scored , Guerrero to second , Guerrero thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Beltre flied out to left . Betancourt flied out to left . Lopez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . Napoli struck out swinging . Kendrick grounded out to second . Hillenbrand flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Suzuki flied out to left . Vidro singled to right . Guillen struck out swinging . Ibanez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . Kotchman popped out to second . Willits singled to right . Cabrera singled to right center , Willits to second . Cabrera picked off first . Guerrero intentionally walked . Matthews popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Sexson grounded out to second . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . Beltre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . Quinlan doubled to deep center . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick struck out swinging . Hillenbrand homered to left , Quinlan scored . Kotchman grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop . Lopez popped out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Betancourt out at second . Vidro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . Willits reached on infield single to catcher . Cabrera singled to left , Willits to second . Guerrero lined out to center , Willits to third . Matthews grounded out to third , Willits scored , Cabrera to second . Quinlan flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Santana pitching for Angels . Guillen popped out to second . Ibanez safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera . Sexson grounded out to third , Ibanez to second . Johjima lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 6th . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . Napoli grounded out to second . Kendrick flied out to right . Hillenbrand popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Santana pitching for Angels . Beltre struck out looking . Betancourt flied out to center . Lopez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Feierabend pitching for Mariners . Kotchman grounded out to pitcher . Willits grounded out to shortstop . Green pitching for Mariners . Shields pitching for Angels . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Suzuki flied out to center . Vidro grounded out to shortstop . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Green pitching for Mariners . Guerrero walked . Matthews doubled to deep left , Guerrero to third . Quinlan grounded out to shortstop . Napoli lined out to third . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Kendrick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Ibanez singled to center . Sexson lined out to right . Johjima grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ibanez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 1 - Angels 4 .	Angels extend AL West lead over Mariners with win