Astros - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Angels . Biggio struck out swinging . Pence doubled to left . Berkman walked . Pence to third on wild pitch by Lackey . Lee struck out swinging . Loretta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Sampson pitching for Astros . Willits flied out to left . Figgins singled to right . Cabrera singled to center , Figgins to third . Guerrero popped out to shortstop . Matthews flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . Scott homered to right . Munson flied out to left . Ensberg walked . Biggio flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Sampson pitching for Astros . Kendrick singled to center . Hillenbrand singled to left , Kendrick to third . Napoli singled to shallow left , Kendrick scored , Hillenbrand to second . Aybar grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Napoli out at second . Willits walked . Figgins singled to left , Hillenbrand scored , Willits to third . Cabrera lined out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Pence fouled out to catcher . Berkman walked . Lee lined out to left . Berkman caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop . Loretta batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Sampson pitching for Astros . Guerrero grounded out to third . Matthews struck out swinging . Kendrick singled to left . Hillenbrand singled to left , Kendrick to second . Napoli singled to right , Kendrick scored , Hillenbrand to third . Aybar fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Loretta singled to center . Lamb struck out swinging . Scott flied out to left . Munson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Sampson pitching for Astros . Willits flied out to right . Figgins singled to right . Cabrera doubled to left , Figgins scored . Cabrera stole third . Guerrero walked . Matthews grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Guerrero out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Ensberg flied out to center . Biggio singled to left . Pence struck out swinging . Berkman singled to left , Biggio to second . Lee walked , Biggio to third , Berkman to second . Loretta hit ground rule double to deep left center , Biggio and Berkman scored , Lee to third . Lamb homered to right , Lee and Loretta scored . Scott hit by pitch . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Munson singled to center , Scott to second . Scott to third , Munson to second on wild pitch by Carrasco . Ensberg struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Sampson pitching for Astros . Kendrick grounded out to third . Hillenbrand lined out to third . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Biggio grounded out to second . Pence flied out to left . Berkman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Sampson pitching for Astros . Aybar grounded out to first . Willits grounded out to second . Figgins doubled to right center . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Lee tripled to deep center . Loretta singled to center , Lee scored . Lamb singled to right , Loretta to third . Scott batting . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Munson struck out swinging . Ensberg hit sacrifice fly to center , Lamb scored . Biggio flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 7th . Sampson pitching for Astros . Guerrero singled to left . Qualls pitching for Astros . Matthews singled to left , Guerrero to second . Kendrick walked , Guerrero to third , Matthews to second . Hillenbrand singled to left , Guerrero and Matthews scored , Kendrick to second . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hillenbrand out at second , Kendrick to third . Aybar singled to right , Kendrick scored , Napoli to third . Aybar to second on wild pitch by Qualls . Willits hit sacrifice fly to right , Napoli scored , Aybar to third . Figgins reached on infield single to pitcher , Aybar scored . Figgins stole second . Shields pitching for Angels . Cabrera grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Pence grounded out to second . Berkman struck out looking . Borkowski pitching for Astros . Lee lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Borkowski pitching for Astros . Guerrero walked . Matthews walked , Guerrero to second . Kendrick bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Guerrero out at third , Matthews to second . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Kendrick out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Bruntlett ran for Loretta . Shields pitching for Angels . Loretta singled to center . Lamb struck out looking . Bruntlett stole second . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Scott walked . Munson walked , Bruntlett to third , Scott to second . Ensberg lined out to third . Bruntlett at shortstop . Biggio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Borkowski pitching for Astros . Napoli flied out to center . Aybar flied out to right . Miller pitching for Astros . Willits singled to left . Figgins tripled to right , Willits scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 9 - Angels 10 .	Figgins ' sixth hit of game caps Angels ' rally in 9th