Astros - Top 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Biggio flied out to center . Pence homered to right . Berkman flied out to center . Lee walked . Loretta doubled to deep right , Lee to third . Lamb popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Willits singled to center . Figgins singled to center , Willits to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Guerrero flied out to right . Matthews grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Figgins out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Scott singled to center . Ausmus struck out swinging . Bruntlett singled to right , Scott to second . Biggio struck out swinging . Pence singled to center , Scott scored , Bruntlett to third . Berkman singled to right , Bruntlett scored , Pence to second . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Berkman out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Quinlan grounded out to third . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Napoli reached on infield single to shortstop . Evans homered to left , Napoli scored . Willits popped out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Loretta flied out to center . Lamb grounded out to second . Scott grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Figgins flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Ausmus flied out to center . Bruntlett singled to right . Biggio grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bruntlett out at second . Biggio stole second . Pence singled to center , Biggio scored . Berkman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Matthews grounded out to third . Quinlan flied out to left . Kendrick lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Lee fouled out to third . Loretta struck out swinging . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Napoli struck out swinging . Evans popped out to shortstop . Willits grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Santana pitching for Angels . Scott grounded out to second . Ausmus flied out to left . Bruntlett grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Figgins singled to center . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Figgins to second . Guerrero popped out to shortstop . Matthews grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Figgins out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Santana pitching for Angels . Biggio grounded out to third . Pence flied out to center . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Berkman singled to center . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Berkman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Quinlan grounded out to third . Kendrick safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Bruntlett . Borkowski pitching for Astros . Napoli walked , Kendrick to second . Evans walked , Kendrick to third , Napoli to second . Willits walked , Kendrick scored , Napoli to third , Evans to second . Figgins walked , Napoli scored , Evans to third , Willits to second . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left , Evans scored . Randolph pitching for Astros . Guerrero homered to center , Willits and Figgins scored . Shields pitching for Angels . Matthews struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Loretta singled to right . Lamb singled to right , Loretta to second . Scott flied out to center . Ausmus singled to right , Loretta to third , Lamb to second . Bruntlett struck out looking . Biggio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Randolph pitching for Astros . Quinlan walked . Kendrick singled to right , Quinlan to second . Napoli struck out swinging . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Evans grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kendrick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Pence struck out swinging . Berkman struck out looking . Lee grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 4 - Angels 8 .	Angels score six in seventh to rally past Astros