Rangers - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Angels . Lofton doubled to left . Young singled to right , Lofton scored . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop , Young to second . Sosa singled to left , Young to third . Catalanotto hit by pitch , Sosa to second . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Young scored , Sosa to third , Catalanotto safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Kotchman . Laird walked , Sosa scored , Catalanotto to third , Byrd to second . Vazquez struck out swinging . Hairston lined out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 1st . Loe pitching for Rangers . Willits walked . Figgins walked , Willits to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Figgins out at second , Willits to third . Guerrero grounded out to second , Willits scored , Cabrera to second . Matthews lined out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Lofton flied out to left . Young struck out swinging . Teixeira grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Loe pitching for Rangers . Anderson doubled to left center . Kotchman struck out swinging . Izturis flied out to center . Molina walked . Willits singled to left , Anderson scored , Molina to second . Figgins grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Sosa tripled to deep center . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop , Sosa scored . Byrd singled to left . Laird flied out to right . Vazquez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Loe pitching for Rangers . Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Vazquez . Guerrero flied out to left . Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Loe . Matthews walked . Anderson singled to right , Cabrera to third , Matthews to second . Kotchman singled to center , Cabrera scored , Matthews to third , Anderson to second . Izturis singled to right , Matthews scored , Anderson to third , Kotchman to second . Molina struck out swinging . Eyre pitching for Rangers . Willits walked , Anderson scored , Kotchman to third , Izturis to second . Figgins struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Hairston popped out to shortstop . Lofton singled to center . Young flied out to right . Teixeira flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Eyre pitching for Rangers . Cabrera grounded out to first . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Matthews singled to left . Anderson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Sosa struck out swinging . Catalanotto struck out swinging . Byrd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Eyre pitching for Rangers . Kotchman popped out to second . Izturis singled to center . Molina doubled to deep center , Izturis scored , Molina out stretching at third . Willits bunt grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Laird grounded out to third . Vazquez doubled to deep right . Hairston flied out to left . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Lofton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Littleton pitching for Rangers . Figgins walked . Figgins stole second . Cabrera flied out to right , Figgins to third . Guerrero singled to left , Figgins scored . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Matthews struck out swinging , Guerrero to second on wild pitch by Littleton . Speier pitching for Angels . Anderson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Speier pitching for Angels . Young struck out swinging . Teixeira struck out looking . Sosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Kotchman grounded out to second . Izturis fouled out to first . Shields pitching for Angels . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Catalanotto flied out to left . Byrd singled to left . Laird walked , Byrd to second . Wilkerson hit for Hairston . Vazquez flied out to center . Relaford at second base . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Wilkerson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Willits reached on infield single to third . Figgins singled to right , Willits thrown out at home , Willits to third advancing on play . Figgins caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Cabrera walked . Guerrero singled to center , Cabrera to third . Matthews doubled to deep center , Cabrera and Guerrero scored , Matthews to third on throwing error by center fielder Lofton . Moseley pitching for Angels . Anderson popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 3 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Moseley pitching for Angels . Lofton doubled to deep center . Young struck out looking . Teixeira doubled to deep right , Lofton scored . Sosa grounded out to pitcher . Catalanotto grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 5 - Angels 9 .	Angels pitch - in to help Lackey to 12th win of year\r\n