Tigers - Top 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Raburn flied out to right . Polanco singled to center . Sheffield singled to left , Polanco to second . Ordonez flied out to right . Guillen singled to left , Polanco scored , Sheffield to third , Guillen to second advancing on throw . Hessman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Miller pitching for Tigers . Willits singled to left center . Figgins struck out looking . Cabrera singled to center , Willits to second . Guerrero grounded into double play , second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Monroe flied out to right . Inge singled to left . Rabelo doubled to right , Inge to third . Raburn struck out swinging . Polanco lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Miller pitching for Tigers . Quinlan walked . Matthews grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Quinlan out at second . Anderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez popped out to second . Guillen popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Miller pitching for Tigers . Mathis struck out swinging . Wood singled to left . Willits grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wood out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Hessman walked . Monroe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hessman out at second . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Miller pitching for Tigers . Figgins flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to second . Guerrero walked . Quinlan flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Rabelo grounded out to third . Raburn flied out to left . Polanco grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Miller pitching for Tigers . Matthews struck out looking . Anderson walked . Mathis singled to right , Anderson to second . Wood flied out to center , Anderson to third . Willits singled to right , Anderson scored , Mathis to second . Figgins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Sheffield singled to center . Ordonez homered to center , Sheffield scored . Guillen singled to center . Guillen stole second . Hessman struck out swinging , Guillen stole third . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Monroe popped out to first . Inge struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Granderson in center field . Miller pitching for Tigers . Cabrera walked . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop , Cabrera to second . Kotchman hit for Quinlan . Kotchman doubled to deep center , Cabrera scored . Matthews flied out to center . Anderson intentionally walked . Mathis singled to left , Kotchman scored , Anderson to second . Wood grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Kotchman at first base . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Rabelo singled to center . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rabelo out at second . Polanco lined out to center . Speier pitching for Angels . Granderson stole second . Sheffield popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Willits struck out looking . Figgins walked . Figgins caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Ordonez walked . Guillen popped out to first . Casey hit for Hessman . Casey grounded out to first , Ordonez to second . Monroe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Casey at first base . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Guerrero reached on infield single to third . Byrdak pitching for Tigers . Kotchman sacrificed to first , Guerrero to second . Matthews intentionally walked . Anderson homered to right , Guerrero and Matthews scored . Mathis doubled to deep right center . Wood struck out swinging . Willits reached on infield single to second , Mathis scored on error by catcher Rabelo . Willits stole second . Figgins singled to center , Willits scored , Figgins to second advancing on throw . Capellan pitching for Tigers . Cabrera homered to left , Figgins scored . Guerrero grounded out to third . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 9th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Inge struck out swinging . Rabelo grounded out to second . Granderson singled to center . Polanco reached on infield single to pitcher , Granderson to second . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - Angels 10 .	Anderson 's disputed HR lifts Angels vs. Tigers