Red Sox - Top 1st . Moseley pitching for Angels . Lugo singled to center . Lugo picked off first . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Willits singled to center . Figgins singled to right center , Willits to third , Figgins to second on throwing error by center fielder Drew . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to first to third , Willits scored , Figgins out at third . Guerrero singled to center . Quinlan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guerrero out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Moseley pitching for Angels . Ramirez struck out looking . Drew flied out to left . Lowell doubled to deep center . Varitek flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Anderson singled to right . Matthews singled to right , Anderson to third . Mathis lined out to second . Aybar singled to left , Anderson scored , Matthews to second . Willits reached on infield single to shortstop , Matthews to third , Aybar to second . Figgins hit sacrifice fly to center , Matthews scored , Aybar to third , Willits to second . Cabrera popped out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Moseley pitching for Angels . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Moss flied out to center . Lugo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Guerrero flied out to left . Quinlan struck out swinging . Anderson walked . Matthews struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Moseley pitching for Angels . Pedroia singled to center . Youkilis singled to left , Pedroia to second . Ramirez doubled to deep center , Pedroia and Youkilis scored . Drew doubled to deep left center , Ramirez scored . Lowell doubled to deep left center , Drew scored . Varitek grounded out to second , Lowell to third . Pena popped out to second . Moss grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Mathis struck out swinging . Aybar walked . Willits walked , Aybar to second . Aybar stole third , Willits stole second . Figgins doubled to deep right , Aybar and Willits scored . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera lined into double play , to second , Figgins doubled off second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Moseley pitching for Angels . Lugo reached on infield single to shortstop . Pedroia reached on infield single to third , Lugo to second . Lugo stole third . Pedroia stole second . Youkilis hit sacrifice fly to center , Lugo scored , Pedroia to third . Ramirez flied out to right . Drew walked . Lowell singled to right , Pedroia scored , Drew to third . Oliver pitching for Angels . Varitek flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Guerrero doubled to deep center . Kotchman hit for Quinlan . Kotchman grounded out to third , Guerrero to third . Anderson walked . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Matthews grounded out to second , Guerrero scored , Anderson to second . Mathis fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Kotchman at first base . Oliver pitching for Angels . Pena struck out swinging . Moss grounded out to shortstop . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Aybar singled to center . Willits sacrificed to first , Aybar to second . Figgins popped out to shortstop . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Aybar stole third . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Speier pitching for Angels . Pedroia homered to left . Youkilis struck out looking . Ramirez grounded out to third . Drew singled to right . Lowell walked , Drew to second . Varitek fouled out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Drew in right field . Crisp in center field . Moss in left field . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Kotchman struck out looking . Anderson singled to shallow left center . Matthews grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Crisp struck out swinging , Crisp safe at first on passed ball by Mathis . Moss singled to center , Crisp to second . Lugo hit sacrifice fly to left , Crisp scored . Pedroia grounded out to second , Moss to third . Youkilis hit by pitch . Moss scored , Youkilis to second on wild pitch by Shields . Ramirez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Gagne pitching for Red Sox . Izturis hit for Mathis . Izturis flied out to left . Aybar singled to center . Willits walked , Aybar to second . Figgins struck out swinging . Cabrera popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Budde catching . Izturis at second base . Aybar in right field . Jones pitching for Angels . Drew flied out to center . Lowell hit ground rule double to deep left . Varitek grounded out to second , Lowell to third . Crisp walked . Moss grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Guerrero popped out to second . Kotchman struck out swinging . Anderson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 9 - Angels 6 .	Pedroia homer helps BoSox avoid Angels broom