Twins - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Angels . Casilla grounded out to second . Bartlett tripled to deep right center . Mauer grounded out to pitcher . Morneau struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Silva pitching for Twins . Figgins grounded out to second . Cabrera flied out to center . Guerrero popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Hunter doubled to deep center . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hunter out at second . Kubel struck out swinging . White grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cuddyer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Silva pitching for Twins . Anderson flied out to center . Matthews struck out swinging . Kotchman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Punto grounded out to first . Casilla bunt grounded out to pitcher . Bartlett singled to left . Bartlett stole second . Mauer singled to right , Bartlett scored . Morneau singled to center , Mauer to second . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morneau out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Silva pitching for Twins . Izturis flied out to left . Mathis grounded out to second . Willits lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Cuddyer flied out to right . Redmond hit for Kubel . Redmond flied out to right . White grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Silva pitching for Twins . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera singled to center . Guerrero flied out to center , Cabrera to second . Anderson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Punto grounded out to first . Casilla fouled out to left . Bartlett grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Silva pitching for Twins . Matthews flied out to center . Kotchman grounded out to second . Izturis lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Mauer reached on bunt single to third . Morneau flied out to left . Hunter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mauer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Silva pitching for Twins . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . Willits struck out looking . Figgins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Cuddyer singled to deep center . Redmond singled to left , Cuddyer to second . White singled to center , Cuddyer scored , Redmond to second . Punto bunt popped out foul to catcher . Casilla grounded into double play , second to first , White out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Silva pitching for Twins . Cabrera singled to center . Guerrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Bartlett struck out swinging . Mauer singled to center . Morneau grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mauer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Neshek pitching for Twins . Matthews safe at first on error by second baseman Casilla . Kotchman doubled to deep center , Matthews scored . Izturis homered to right , Kotchman scored . Mathis struck out swinging . Willits walked . Reyes pitching for Twins . Figgins walked , Willits to second . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Cabrera struck out swinging , Willits stole third , Figgins stole second . Willits scored on throwing error by catcher Mauer . Guerrero lined out to second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Hunter walked . Cuddyer struck out swinging , Hunter stole second , Hunter to third on throwing error by catcher Mathis . Redmond reached on infield single to shortstop , Hunter scored . Tyner ran for Redmond . White struck out swinging . Rodriguez hit for Punto . Rodriguez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 3 - Angels 4 .	Lackey earns 15th win as Angels hold off Twins