Yankees - Top 1st . Escobar pitching for Angels . Cabrera singled to center . Jeter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cabrera out at second . Abreu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Figgins batting . Figgins stole second . Cabrera walked . Guerrero flied out to center , Figgins to third , Cabrera to second . Anderson doubled to right , Figgins and Cabrera scored . Matthews grounded out to pitcher . Kotchman flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Rodriguez homered to right center . Matsui grounded out to second . Giambi struck out swinging . Cano walked . Phillips struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Izturis singled to left . Kendrick doubled to deep center , Izturis to third . Mathis doubled to deep right center , Izturis and Kendrick scored . Figgins struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to left . Guerrero doubled to left , Mathis scored . Anderson doubled to deep right center , Guerrero scored . Matthews singled to left , Anderson scored , Matthews to second advancing on throw . Villone pitching for Yankees . Kotchman grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 12 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Molina walked . Cabrera walked , Molina to second . Jeter singled to right , Molina to third , Cabrera to second . Abreu doubled to deep center , Molina and Cabrera scored , Jeter to third . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher , Jeter scored , Abreu to third . Matsui grounded out to shortstop , Abreu scored . Giambi struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Villone pitching for Yankees . Izturis walked . Kendrick singled to center , Izturis to second . Mathis walked , Izturis to third , Kendrick to second . Figgins walked , Izturis scored , Kendrick to third , Mathis to second . Ramirez pitching for Yankees . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left , Kendrick scored . Guerrero struck out swinging . Anderson homered to right , Mathis and Figgins scored . Matthews walked . Kotchman struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Quinlan at third base . Escobar pitching for Angels . Cano flied out to left . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Molina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Ramirez pitching for Yankees . Izturis singled to center . Izturis to second on wild pitch by Ramirez . Kendrick singled to right , Izturis scored . Mathis struck out swinging . Quinlan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kendrick out at second . Cabrera singled to right center , Quinlan to third . Guerrero struck out swinging . 1 Run , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Jeter singled to left . Abreu struck out looking . Rodriguez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Henn pitching for Yankees . Anderson grounded out to second . Matthews walked . Kotchman grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Matthews out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Matsui struck out swinging . Giambi struck out looking . Cano grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Henn pitching for Yankees . Izturis singled to center . Kendrick singled to center , Izturis to third . Mathis struck out swinging . Quinlan popped out to second . Cabrera doubled to deep left , Izturis scored , Kendrick to third . Guerrero walked . Anderson homered to right , Kendrick , Cabrera and Guerrero scored . Matthews flied out to right . 5 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Willits in right field . Haynes in center field . Gwyn pitching for Angels . Phillips flied out to right . Molina singled to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . Betemit hit for Jeter . Betemit walked , Molina to second . Duncan hit for Abreu . Duncan popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Betemit at shortstop . Duncan in right field . Damon at first base . Phillips at second base . Henn pitching for Yankees . Kotchman grounded out to second . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Gwyn pitching for Angels . Rodriguez popped out to third . Matsui walked . Matsui to second on wild pitch by Gwyn . Giambi grounded out to second , Matsui to third . Damon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Vizcaino pitching for Yankees . Mathis doubled to deep left . Quinlan flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Mathis to third . Willits walked . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Gwyn pitching for Angels . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Molina walked . Cabrera safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera , Molina to second . Betemit homered to right , Molina and Cabrera scored . Duncan lined out to third . Rodriguez homered to left . Matsui singled to center . Giambi flied out to left . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 9 - Angels 18 .	Anderson sets Angels record with 10 RBIs