Rangers - Top 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Kinsler doubled to deep left center . Laird struck out swinging . Young singled to right , Kinsler to third . Sosa struck out swinging . Byrd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Matthews grounded out to second . Cabrera flied out to right . Guerrero singled to center . Anderson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Botts singled to center . Botts to second on wild pitch by Saunders . Cruz grounded out to second , Botts to third . Saltalamacchia singled to center , Botts scored . Vazquez singled to center , Saltalamacchia to third . Kinsler singled to left , Saltalamacchia scored , Vazquez to second , Vazquez to third , Kinsler to second on error by left fielder Anderson . Laird grounded out to third . Young intentionally walked . Sosa grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Izturis walked . Morales doubled to deep right , Izturis to third . Kotchman popped out to shortstop . Kendrick doubled to deep center , Izturis and Morales scored . Mathis grounded out to second , Kendrick to third . Matthews flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Byrd grounded out to pitcher . Botts struck out looking . Cruz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Cabrera grounded out to third . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Anderson lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . Vazquez grounded out to second . Kinsler singled to center . Kinsler stole second . Laird flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Izturis singled to right . Morales singled to right , Izturis to third . Kotchman singled to right , Izturis scored , Morales to second . Kendrick grounded into double play , third to second , Morales out at third , Kotchman out at second , Kendrick to first . Mathis flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Young singled to right . Sosa flied out to center . Byrd singled to right , Young to second . Botts struck out looking . Cruz safe at third on error by right fielder Guerrero , Young and Byrd scored . Saltalamacchia grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 5th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Matthews flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Guerrero reached on infield single to second . Anderson homered to right , Guerrero scored . Izturis flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Vazquez reached on infield single to shortstop . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Kinsler grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vazquez out at second . Laird struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Morales popped out to second . Kotchman flied out to center . Kendrick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Speier pitching for Angels . Young flied out to right . Sosa grounded out to third . Byrd flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Mathis singled to right . Matthews singled to center , Mathis to second . Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher , Mathis to third , Matthews to second . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mathis scored . Anderson grounded out to second , Matthews to third , Guerrero to second . Wood pitching for Rangers . Izturis flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Speier pitching for Angels . Botts grounded out to shortstop . Cruz homered to left center . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep center . Shields pitching for Angels . Catalanotto hit for Vazquez . Catalanotto grounded out to third . Hairston ran for Saltalamacchia . Kinsler popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Hairston at third base . Wilkerson at first base . Wood pitching for Rangers . Morales grounded out to first . Kotchman grounded out to pitcher . Kendrick reached on infield single to third . Mathis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Laird bunt grounded out to catcher . Young reached on infield single to third . Young stole second . Sosa singled to right , Young scored . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sosa out at second . Byrd stole second . Botts struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Murphy in left field . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Matthews grounded out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Guerrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 10th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Cruz flied out to center . Hairston popped out to shortstop . Wilkerson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 10th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Anderson walked . Izturis sacrificed to third , Anderson to second . Morales intentionally walked . Kotchman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morales out at second , Anderson to third . Kendrick reached on infield single to second , Anderson scored , Kotchman to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 6 - Angels 7 .	Angels scratch out 10 - inning win , outlasting Rangers