Devil Rays - Top 1st . Escobar pitching for Angels . Iwamura singled to right . Norton singled to right , Iwamura to third . Pena struck out swinging . Upton struck out swinging . Young singled to left , Iwamura scored , Norton to second . Harris grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Figgins singled to center . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Figgins out at second . Guerrero struck out swinging . Anderson singled to center , Cabrera to second . Cabrera stole third . Izturis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Gomes doubled to left . Navarro singled to right , Gomes scored , Navarro out stretching at second . Wilson fouled out to catcher . Iwamura flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Kotchman singled to center . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kotchman safe at second on error by second baseman Harris . Mathis struck out looking . Haynes reached on infield single to second , Kotchman to third , Kendrick to second . Figgins grounded out to first , Kotchman scored , Kendrick to third , Haynes to second . Cabrera singled to center , Kendrick and Haynes scored , Cabrera to second advancing on throw . Guerrero grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Norton struck out swinging . Pena singled to right center . Upton walked , Pena to second . Pena to third , Upton to second on wild pitch by Escobar . Young grounded out to shortstop , Pena scored , Upton to third . Upton stole home . Harris popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Anderson doubled to right center . Izturis singled to center , Anderson to third . Kotchman singled to left center , Anderson scored , Izturis to third . Kendrick fouled out to first . Mathis popped out to first . Haynes singled to left , Izturis scored , Kotchman to second . Kotchman picked off second . Figgins batting . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Gomes fouled out to catcher . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . Wilson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Figgins singled to center . Cabrera lined into double play , second to first , Figgins doubled off first . Guerrero singled to center . Anderson singled to deep right , Guerrero to third . Izturis singled to right , Guerrero scored , Anderson to second . Kotchman grounded out to second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Iwamura singled to center . Norton doubled to deep right , Iwamura to third . Pena walked . Oliver pitching for Angels . Upton safe at first on error by second baseman Kendrick , Iwamura scored , Norton to third , Pena to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Norton scored , Upton out at second , Pena to third . Harris flied out to center . Gomes walked , Young to second . Navarro flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 5th . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Mathis grounded out to second . Haynes walked . Figgins tripled to deep center , Haynes scored . Balfour pitching for Devil Rays . Cabrera lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Wilson grounded out to second . Iwamura flied out to right . Norton doubled to center . Pena singled to shallow right center , Norton to third . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Balfour pitching for Devil Rays . Guerrero flied out to right . Anderson walked . Izturis singled to center , Anderson to third , Anderson scored , Izturis to third on throwing error by center fielder Upton . Ridgway pitching for Devil Rays . Kotchman singled to center , Izturis scored . Kendrick tripled to deep center , Kotchman scored . Dohmann pitching for Devil Rays . Mathis bunt popped into double play , first to third , Kendrick doubled off third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Speier pitching for Angels . Young grounded out to third . Harris hit by pitch . Gomes struck out swinging . Navarro singled to left center , Harris to second . Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Haynes fouled out to third . Figgins struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center . Guerrero popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Iwamura grounded out to first . Norton grounded out to second . Pena walked . Upton singled to center , Pena to second . Young grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Witasick pitching for Devil Rays . Anderson walked . Izturis flied out to center . Kotchman walked , Anderson to second . Kendrick flied out to right . Mathis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Harris tripled to deep center . Gomes struck out swinging . Navarro hit sacrifice fly to left , Harris scored . Wilson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 7 - Angels 10 .	Halos drop D - Rays , move closer to taking AL West