Mariners - Top 1st . Colon pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to second . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Batista pitching for Mariners . Figgins singled to left . Cabrera singled to left , Figgins to second . Guerrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second , Figgins to third . Anderson walked . Kotchman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Colon pitching for Angels . Guillen struck out swinging . Broussard struck out looking . Johjima fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Batista pitching for Mariners . Izturis struck out swinging . Matthews grounded out to pitcher . Kendrick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Colon pitching for Angels . Lopez grounded out to third . Bloomquist singled to right . Betancourt grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Bloomquist out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Batista pitching for Mariners . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . Figgins doubled to center . Cabrera walked . Guerrero walked , Figgins to third , Cabrera to second . Anderson grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Guerrero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Colon pitching for Angels . Suzuki doubled to left . Beltre singled to right , Suzuki scored . Ibanez singled to left , Beltre to second . Guillen grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ibanez out at second , Beltre to third . Broussard doubled to deep right , Beltre scored . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Kotchman grounded out to first . Izturis reached on infield single to second . Matthews flied out to left . Kendrick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Colon pitching for Angels . Lopez singled to left . Bloomquist sacrificed to pitcher , Lopez to second . Betancourt grounded out to third . Suzuki singled to left , Lopez scored . Beltre lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Mathis struck out swinging . Figgins walked . Figgins caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Cabrera lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Colon pitching for Angels . Ibanez flied out to center . Guillen grounded out to second . Broussard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Guerrero grounded out to third . Anderson struck out swinging , Anderson safe at first on wild pitch by Batista . Kotchman singled to right , Anderson to third . Izturis reached on infield single to first , Anderson scored , Kotchman to second . Matthews walked , Kotchman to third , Izturis to second . Green pitching for Mariners . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kotchman out at home , Izturis to third , Matthews to second . Morales hit for Mathis . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Rivera hit for Morales . Rivera fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Napoli catching . Colon pitching for Angels . Johjima flied out to right . Lopez grounded out to second . Bloomquist singled to center . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bloomquist out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Figgins singled to center . Baek pitching for Mariners . Cabrera popped out to second . Guerrero popped out to first . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Figgins picked off first . Anderson batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Colon pitching for Angels . Suzuki flied out to right . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez safe at first on error by second baseman Kendrick . Jones ran for Ibanez . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Jones in left field . Rowland - Smith pitching for Mariners . Anderson struck out looking . Kotchman singled to right . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Izturis struck out swinging . Kotchman to second on balk by Sherrill . Matthews walked . Putz pitching for Mariners . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matthews out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Broussard grounded out to shortstop . Johjima singled to left . Lopez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Johjima out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Willits hit for Napoli . Putz pitching for Mariners . Willits reached on infield single to shortstop . Figgins struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center , Willits to third . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop , Willits scored , Cabrera to second . Anderson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Angels 2 .	Mariners delay Angels ' title