Rangers - Top 1st . Shields pitching for White Sox . DeShields struck out looking . Choo grounded out to shortstop . Profar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Fister pitching for Rangers . Moncada singled to right . Sánchez flied out to center . Abreu flied out to center . Moncada picked off first . Delmonico batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Shields pitching for White Sox . Mazara grounded out to first . Gallo struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa singled to left . Odor walked , Kiner - Falefa to second . Chirinos flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Fister pitching for Rangers . Delmonico singled to center . Davidson popped out to first . Castillo grounded into double play , third to second to first , Delmonico out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Shields pitching for White Sox . Guzman singled to right . DeShields sacrificed to pitcher , Guzman to second . Choo singled to center , Guzman scored . Profar flied out to center . Mazara grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Choo out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Fister pitching for Rangers . García singled to left . Anderson struck out swinging . Thompson singled to center , García to second . Moncada struck out looking , García stole third , Thompson stole second . Sánchez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Shields pitching for White Sox . Gallo popped out to third . Kiner - Falefa lined out to left . Odor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Fister pitching for Rangers . Abreu grounded out to second . Delmonico lined out to second . Davidson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Shields pitching for White Sox . Chirinos walked . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chirinos out at second . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guzman out at second , DeShields to second on error by first baseman Abreu . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Fister pitching for Rangers . Castillo lined out to center . García safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Fister . Anderson popped out to second . Thompson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 6th . Shields pitching for White Sox . Profar flied out to right . Mazara struck out looking . Gallo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Fister pitching for Rangers . Moncada singled to center . Sánchez lined into double play , center to first , Moncada doubled off first . Abreu singled to center . Delmonico lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Shields pitching for White Sox . Kiner - Falefa walked . Odor grounded out to pitcher , Kiner - Falefa to second . Kiner - Falefa to third on wild pitch by Shields . Chirinos struck out swinging . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Fister pitching for Rangers . Davidson grounded out to second . Castillo lined out to shortstop . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Shields pitching for White Sox . DeShields struck out looking . Avilán pitching for White Sox . Choo singled to center . Profar popped out to first . Mazara tripled to shallow right , Choo scored . Gallo lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Anderson grounded out to third . Thompson struck out swinging . Moncada hit ground rule double to right . Moncada to third on passed ball by Chirinos . Sánchez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Leclerc , Moncada scored . Abreu intentionally walked . Delmonico walked , Sánchez to third , Abreu to second . Davidson walked , Sánchez scored , Abreu to third , Delmonico to second . Jepsen pitching for Rangers . Castillo singled to center , Abreu and Delmonico scored , Davidson to third . García flied out to left . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 9th . Engel in center field . García in left field . Jones pitching for White Sox . Kiner - Falefa hit by pitch . Odor fouled out to first . Chirinos singled to center , Kiner - Falefa to second . Rua ran for Chirinos . Guzman grounded out to first , Kiner - Falefa to third , Rua to second . DeShields struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - White Sox 4 .	Castillo helps White Sox rally past Rangers 4 - 2