Rangers - Top 1st . Fulmer pitching for White Sox . DeShields hit by pitch . DeShields stole second . Choo walked . Kiner - Falefa sacrificed to third , DeShields to third , Choo to second . Mazara walked . Profar singled to center , DeShields and Choo scored , Mazara to third . Gallo singled to center , Mazara scored , Profar to third . Odor struck out swinging . Chirinos grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Moore pitching for Rangers . Anderson singled to deep right . Delmonico flied out to left . Abreu doubled to left , Anderson scored . Davidson struck out swinging . Castillo singled to right center , Abreu scored . Palka singled to shallow right center , Castillo to third . Moncada grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Fulmer pitching for White Sox . Guzman walked . Guzman to second on wild pitch by Fulmer . DeShields flied out to center , Guzman to third . Choo walked . Kiner - Falefa hit sacrifice fly to left , Guzman scored , Choo to second . Mazara struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Moore pitching for Rangers . Engel fouled out to first . Thompson safe at first on error by shortstop Profar . Anderson struck out swinging . Delmonico hit by pitch , Thompson to second . García ran for Delmonico . Abreu doubled to left , Thompson scored , García to third . Davidson walked . Castillo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 3rd . García in left field . Fulmer pitching for White Sox . Profar hit by pitch . Gallo singled to right , Profar to third . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Profar scored , Gallo to second . Chirinos walked , Gallo to third , Odor to second . Volstad pitching for White Sox . Guzman struck out looking . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gallo out at home , Odor to third , Chirinos to second . Choo homered to right ( 382 feet ) , Odor , Chirinos and DeShields scored . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Moore pitching for Rangers . Palka flied out to center . Moncada grounded out to third . Engel popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Volstad pitching for White Sox . Mazara grounded out to shortstop . Profar grounded out to shortstop . Gallo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Moore pitching for Rangers . Thompson struck out swinging . Anderson walked . García struck out swinging . Abreu walked , Anderson to second . Chavez pitching for Rangers . Anderson to third , Abreu to second on wild pitch by Chavez . Davidson doubled to deep center , Anderson and Abreu scored . Castillo flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Volstad pitching for White Sox . Odor lined out to center . Chirinos singled to center . Guzman grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Chirinos out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Chavez pitching for Rangers . Palka singled to right center . Moncada singled to right , Palka to second . Engel fouled out to third . Thompson fouled out to first . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Volstad pitching for White Sox . DeShields grounded out to shortstop . Choo flied out to left . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Chavez pitching for Rangers . García grounded out to second . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . Davidson popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Mazara reached on infield single to third . Profar grounded out to shortstop , Mazara to second . Gallo struck out looking . Odor fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Chavez pitching for Rangers . Castillo flied out to left . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Palka grounded out to pitcher . Moncada grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Chirinos struck out swinging . Guzman grounded out to first . DeShields grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Engel grounded out to shortstop . Thompson grounded out to third . Anderson singled to center . García grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Soria pitching for White Sox . Choo singled to center . Kiner - Falefa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Choo out at second . Mazara singled to left , Kiner - Falefa to second . Profar singled to shallow center , Kiner - Falefa scored , Mazara to second , Mazara to third , Profar to second on throwing error by center fielder Engel . Gallo doubled to deep right , Mazara and Profar scored . Odor struck out swinging . Chirinos struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Abreu struck out swinging . Davidson walked . Castillo struck out swinging . Palka struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 12 - White Sox 5 .	Choo hits grand slam as Rangers pound White Sox 12 - 5