Rangers - Top 1st . Hammel pitching for Royals . Choo grounded out to second . Andrus struck out swinging . Mazara singled to right . Beltré lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Merrifield walked . Merrifield to second on wild pitch by Hamels . Merrifield stole third . Orlando struck out swinging . Moustakas walked . Pérez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Moustakas out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Hammel pitching for Royals . Profar lined out to right . Kiner - Falefa doubled to left . Chirinos walked . Guzman walked , Kiner - Falefa to third , Chirinos to second . DeShields doubled to center , Kiner - Falefa and Chirinos scored , Guzman to third . Choo struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Dozier struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to second . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Hammel pitching for Royals . Mazara singled to center . Beltré grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mazara out at second . Profar walked , Beltré to second . Kiner - Falefa doubled to left , Beltré scored , Profar to third . Chirinos safe at first on error by third baseman Moustakas , Profar scored , Kiner - Falefa advanced to third on Moustakas error , Kiner - Falefa tagged out at home attempting to advance on play . Guzman singled to center , Chirinos to second . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Chirinos out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Almonte grounded out to shortstop . Herrera singled to center . Merrifield popped out to second . Herrera stole second . Orlando struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Choo flied out to left . Andrus grounded out to third . Mazara singled to shallow right . Beltré fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Moustakas grounded out to second . Pérez flied out to right . Dozier grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Profar walked . Kiner - Falefa singled to shallow center , Profar to second . Chirinos grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kiner - Falefa out at second , Profar to third . Guzman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Gordon singled to left . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gordon safe at second on error by third baseman Kiner - Falefa . Almonte grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Escobar out at second , Gordon to third . Herrera singled to shallow left , Gordon scored . Herrera to second on wild pitch by Hamels . Merrifield flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 6th . Hammel pitching for Royals . DeShields grounded out to pitcher . Choo singled to right . Andrus struck out swinging . Hill pitching for Royals . Mazara grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Orlando flied out to center . Moustakas singled to center . Pérez struck out swinging . Dozier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Maurer pitching for Royals . Beltré grounded out to second . Profar flied out to left . Kiner - Falefa walked . Kiner - Falefa caught stealing second , catcher to second . Chirinos batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Gordon walked . Escobar lined out to right . Almonte struck out swinging . Herrera lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Smith pitching for Royals . Chirinos flied out to right . Guzman doubled to left . DeShields lined out to first . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Diekman pitching for Rangers . Merrifield struck out swinging . Orlando struck out swinging . Moustakas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Smith pitching for Royals . Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop . Mazara struck out swinging . Beltré flied out to right , Andrus to second . Profar singled to left , Andrus thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Kela pitching for Rangers . Pérez grounded out to third . Dozier fouled out to catcher . Gordon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - Royals 1 .	Rangers extend winning streak to 4 , beat Royals 4 - 1