Athletics - Top 1st . Minor pitching for Rangers . Semien popped out to shortstop . Pinder grounded out to shortstop . Lowrie popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Montas pitching for Athletics . Choo walked . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Choo out at second . Andrus singled to right , Odor to third , Odor scored , Andrus to third on throwing error by right fielder Piscotty . Beltré hit sacrifice fly to right , Andrus scored . Gallo walked . Guzmán grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gallo out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 2nd . Minor pitching for Rangers . Davis grounded out to third . Olson struck out swinging . Piscotty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Montas pitching for Athletics . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to second . Calhoun grounded out to second . Tocci singled to left center . Choo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Minor pitching for Rangers . Chapman flied out to center . Canha homered to left ( 419 feet ) . Lucroy singled to left . Semien grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lucroy out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Montas pitching for Athletics . Odor lined out to shortstop . Andrus struck out swinging . Beltré flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Minor pitching for Rangers . Pinder grounded out to third . Lowrie homered to center ( 404 feet ) . Davis lined out to center . Olson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Montas pitching for Athletics . Gallo flied out to center . Guzmán lined out to center . Kiner - Falefa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Minor pitching for Rangers . Piscotty singled to center . Chapman grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Piscotty safe at second on error by pitcher Minor . Canha struck out looking . Lucroy walked , Piscotty to third , Chapman to second . Semien popped out to second . Pinder struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Montas pitching for Athletics . Calhoun homered to right ( 410 feet ) . Tocci struck out swinging . Choo singled to left center . Odor doubled to deep left , Choo to third . Andrus hit sacrifice fly to right , Choo scored , Odor to third . Beltré flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Gearrin pitching for Rangers . Lowrie struck out swinging . Davis struck out looking . Olson walked . Piscotty flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Buchter pitching for Athletics . Gallo homered to right center ( 400 feet ) . Guzmán struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa doubled to left . Calhoun lined out to right . Tocci singled to left , Kiner - Falefa scored , Tocci to second advancing on throw . Choo safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Semien , Tocci to third . Odor walked , Choo to second . Wendelken pitching for Athletics . Andrus homered to left ( 369 feet ) , Tocci , Choo and Odor scored . Beltré flied out to left . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 7th . Mann pitching for Rangers . Chapman walked . Chapman to second on wild pitch by Mann . Canha walked . Lucroy flied out to center . Semien doubled to left , Chapman and Canha scored . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Martini hit for Pinder . Martini doubled to left , Semien scored . Lowrie singled to right , Martini to third . Davis struck out swinging . Olson grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Martini in left field . Wendelken pitching for Athletics . Gallo walked . Guzmán struck out swinging , Gallo to second on wild pitch by Wendelken . Kiner - Falefa flied out to right . Calhoun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Rua in left field . Diekman pitching for Rangers . Piscotty grounded out to shortstop . Chapman walked . Canha walked , Chapman to second . Lucroy walked , Chapman to third , Canha to second . Semien grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chapman scored , Canha to third , Lucroy safe at second on error by shortstop Andrus . Martini hit by pitch , Canha scored , Lucroy to third , Semien to second . Kela pitching for Rangers . Lowrie singled to center , Lucroy and Semien scored , Martini to second . Martini to third , Lowrie to second on wild pitch by Kela . Davis struck out swinging . Olson flied out to center . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Familia pitching for Athletics . Tocci grounded out to shortstop . Choo lined out to center . Odor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Kela pitching for Rangers . Piscotty homered to center ( 406 feet ) . Chapman struck out swinging . Canha grounded out to third . Lucroy lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Familia pitching for Athletics . Andrus flied out to left . Beltré lined out to left . Gallo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 10th . Bibens - Dirkx pitching for Rangers . Semien struck out swinging . Martini singled to left . Lowrie walked , Martini to second . Davis homered to left ( 390 feet ) , Martini and Lowrie scored . Olson grounded out to first . Piscotty flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 10th . Treinen pitching for Athletics . Guzmán struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa lined out to first . Rua grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 13 - Rangers 10 .	Davis ' 3 - run HR in 10th rallies A 's past Rangers 13 - 10