Dodgers - Top 1st . Jurado pitching for Rangers . Pederson grounded out to second . Turner grounded out to third . Machado grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Buehler pitching for Dodgers . Choo grounded out to pitcher . Odor struck out swinging . Andrus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Jurado pitching for Rangers . Muncy singled to left . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Muncy safe at second on error by second baseman Odor . Grandal grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dozier out at second , Muncy to third . Bellinger grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Buehler pitching for Dodgers . Mazara grounded out to first . Beltré grounded out to second . Profar reached on infield single to third . Gallo lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Jurado pitching for Rangers . Hernández walked . Taylor struck out swinging . Pederson singled to deep left , Hernández to second . Turner singled to right , Hernández to third , Pederson to second . Machado singled to center , Hernández and Pederson scored , Turner to second . Muncy lined out to right . Dozier singled to left center , Turner scored , Dozier to second , Machado to second , Machado to third advancing on throw . Grandal walked . Butler pitching for Rangers . Bellinger grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Buehler pitching for Dodgers . Chirinos struck out looking . Guzmán singled to right . Choo grounded out to pitcher , Guzmán to second . Odor walked . Andrus singled to center , Guzmán scored , Odor to third . Mazara singled to right center , Odor scored , Andrus to third . Beltré fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Butler pitching for Rangers . Hernández singled to left . Taylor singled to center , Hernández to second . Pederson singled to left , Hernández to third , Taylor to second , Hernández scored , Taylor to third on error by left fielder Choo . Turner flied out to left , Pederson to second . Machado hit sacrifice fly to center , Taylor scored , Pederson to third . Muncy struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Buehler pitching for Dodgers . Profar grounded out to second . Gallo struck out swinging . Chirinos walked . Guzmán struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Butler pitching for Rangers . Dozier homered to left ( 384 feet ) . Grandal grounded out to first . Bellinger struck out swinging . Hernández doubled to left center . Taylor hit by pitch . Pederson flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Ferguson pitching for Dodgers . Choo struck out swinging . Odor grounded out to third . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Butler pitching for Rangers . Turner doubled to right . Machado singled to right center , Turner scored . Muncy hit by pitch , Machado to second . Dozier grounded into double play , third to second to first , Muncy out at second , Machado to third . Grandal flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Ferguson pitching for Dodgers . Mazara struck out swinging . Báez pitching for Dodgers . Beltré flied out to right . Profar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Butler pitching for Rangers . Bellinger tripled to right . Hernández hit sacrifice fly to center , Bellinger scored . Taylor safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus . Pederson flied out to left . Taylor to second on wild pitch by Butler . Turner grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Alexander pitching for Dodgers . Gallo struck out swinging . Chirinos popped out to second . Guzmán grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Springs pitching for Rangers . Machado grounded out to shortstop . Muncy struck out looking . Dozier struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Venditte pitching for Dodgers . Choo grounded out to shortstop . Odor lined out to right . Andrus reached on infield single to second . Mazara struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Springs pitching for Rangers . Grandal lined out to center . Bellinger singled to left . Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop , Bellinger to second . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hernández out at second , Bellinger to third . Pederson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Beltré singled to center . Profar walked , Beltré to second . Gallo struck out looking . Chirinos singled to left , Beltré to third , Profar to second . Guzmán singled to right , Beltré and Profar scored , Chirinos to second . Choo grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Guzmán out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 8 - Rangers 4 .	Machado 4 RBIs , Dozier HR for Dodgers in 8 - 4 win at Rangers