Twins - Top 1st . Mendez pitching for Rangers . Forsythe lined out to right . Adrianza grounded out to shortstop . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Moya pitching for Twins . Choo grounded out to shortstop . Odor walked . Andrus homered to left center ( 428 feet ) , Odor scored . Mazara fouled out to catcher . Beltré struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Mendez pitching for Rangers . Grossman flied out to center . Kepler walked . Astudillo lined out to left . Cave singled to left , Kepler to second . Gimenez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Littell pitching for Twins . Profar doubled to deep right center . Chirinos hit by pitch . Guzmán grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Chirinos out at second , Profar to third . Robinson walked . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Mendez pitching for Rangers . Field fouled out to first . Forsythe fouled out to right . Adrianza grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Littell pitching for Twins . Odor hit by pitch . Andrus struck out swinging . Odor picked off first . Mazara doubled to right center . Beltré popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Mendez pitching for Rangers . Polanco doubled to right . Grossman singled to left , Polanco to third . Kepler grounded into double play , first to catcher , Polanco out at home , Grossman to second . Astudillo lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Littell pitching for Twins . Profar struck out looking . Chirinos struck out swinging . Guzmán singled to left . Robinson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Mendez pitching for Rangers . Cave grounded out to second . Gimenez grounded out to pitcher . Field grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Littell pitching for Twins . Choo grounded out to third . Odor doubled to right . Andrus safe at first on error by second baseman Forsythe , Odor advanced to third on Forsythe error , Odor scored , Andrus to second on error by right fielder Kepler . Mazara lined out to right . Beltré grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Mendez pitching for Rangers . Forsythe struck out looking . Adrianza lined out to center . Polanco popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Littell pitching for Twins . Profar doubled to left . Chirinos homered to right ( 405 feet ) , Profar scored . Duffey pitching for Twins . Guzmán doubled to center . Robinson singled to center , Guzmán to third . Choo doubled to left , Guzmán scored , Robinson to third . Odor safe at second on error by first baseman Gimenez , Robinson and Choo scored . Andrus flied out to right . Mazara homered to left ( 377 feet ) , Odor scored . Belisle pitching for Twins . Beltré hit by pitch . Busenitz pitching for Twins . Profar homered to right ( 391 feet ) , Beltré scored . Chirinos struck out swinging . Guzmán struck out looking . 9 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 7th . Tocci in center field . Robinson in left field . Butler pitching for Rangers . Grossman singled to right . Kepler struck out looking . Astudillo grounded into double play , third to second to first , Grossman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Reed pitching for Twins . Robinson popped out to second . Tocci tripled to deep center . Odor hit sacrifice fly to center , Tocci scored . Andrus flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Butler pitching for Rangers . Cave homered to right ( 422 feet ) . Gimenez walked . Field grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gimenez out at second . Forsythe grounded out to third , Field to second . Adrianza singled to right center , Field scored . Polanco walked , Adrianza to second . Grossman struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Garver at first base . Gimenez pitching for Twins . Mazara homered to right ( 431 feet ) . Beltré singled to left . DeShields ran for Beltré . Profar reached on infield single to third , DeShields to second . Chirinos flied out to center , DeShields to third . Guzmán reached on infield single to shortstop , DeShields scored , Profar to second . Robinson homered to right ( 407 feet ) , Profar and Guzmán scored . Tocci flied out to left . Odor singled to right . Kiner - Falefa hit for Andrus . Kiner - Falefa struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Kiner - Falefa at third base . Profar at shortstop . Butler pitching for Rangers . Kepler flied out to center . Astudillo singled to center . Cave grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Astudillo out at second . Gimenez homered to left center ( 398 feet ) , Cave scored . Field flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 4 - Rangers 18 .	Rangers pound 6 homers , 12 extra - base hits , rout Twins 18 - 4