Nationals - Top 1st. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Soriano flied out to right. Vidro flied out to center. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Armas pitching for Nationals. Rollins walked. Rowand doubled to left, Rollins thrown out at home. Abreu struck out swinging. Burrell fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Ward homered to right. Zimmerman flied out to left. Church safe at second on error by first baseman Howard, Church advanced to first on play, Church tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. Clayton doubled to deep center. Schneider struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Utley fouled out to third. Howard singled to right. Bell grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Howard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Armas Jr grounded out to shortstop. Soriano grounded out to second. Vidro singled to left, Vidro out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Lieberthal doubled to deep center. Lieberthal to third on wild pitch by Armas Jr. Lidle flied out to center. Rollins reached on infield single to shortstop, Lieberthal scored. Rowand grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rollins out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Johnson singled to center. Ward doubled to deep left center, Johnson to third. Zimmerman doubled to deep right, Johnson and Ward scored. Church doubled to deep right, Zimmerman to third. Clayton grounded out to third. Schneider grounded out to first, Zimmerman scored, Church to third. Armas Jr struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Abreu singled to right. Burrell homered to center, Abreu scored. Utley grounded out to second. Howard struck out swinging. Bell walked. Lieberthal flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Soriano reached on infield single to third. Vidro grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Soriano out at second. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Lidle fouled out to right. Rollins popped out to shortstop. Rowand singled to right. Rowand to second on passed ball by Schneider. Abreu walked. Burrell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Ward grounded out to pitcher. Zimmerman grounded out to first. Church struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Utley walked. Howard struck out swinging. Bell grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Utley out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Lidle pitching for Phillies. Clayton grounded out to third. Anderson hit for Armas Jr. Schneider doubled to deep right center. Anderson lined out to right. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Nunez hit for Lidle. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Lieberthal singled to left center. Nunez grounded out to first. Rollins grounded out to shortstop. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Rhodes pitching for Phillies. Vidro singled to center. Byrd hit for Ward. Johnson struck out swinging. Byrd walked, Vidro to second. Zimmerman doubled to deep right center, Vidro scored, Byrd to third. Church grounded out to second. Clayton intentionally walked. Harris hit for Rodriguez. Geary pitching for Phillies. Schneider hit by pitch, Byrd scored, Zimmerman to third, Clayton to second. Byrd in center field. Church in right field. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Harris flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Abreu walked. Burrell struck out swinging. Utley grounded out to catcher, Abreu to second. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Soriano grounded out to third. Vidro singled to left center. Johnson walked, Vidro to second. Byrd singled to center, Vidro to third, Johnson to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Church homered to right, Vidro, Johnson and Byrd scored. Clayton singled to center. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Jackson at second base. Schneider grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Bell grounded out to first. Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop. Dellucci hit for Geary. Dellucci singled to center. Rollins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 10 - Phillies 3.	Ryans have it: Zimmerman, Church drive Nats past Phils