Phillies - Top 1st. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Rollins flied out to center. Utley lined out to first. Abreu tripled to left. Burrell lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Ramirez struck out swinging. Uggla singled to center. Cabrera flied out to right. Willingham hit by pitch, Uggla to second. Helms grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Willingham out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Rowand lined out to center. Howard fouled out to left. Bell grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Aguila grounded out to shortstop. Abercrombie flied out to center. Treanor doubled to left. Olsen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Fasano struck out looking. Lieber struck out looking. Rollins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Ramirez struck out swinging. Uggla singled to right. Uggla stole second. Cabrera flied out to center. Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop, Uggla to third. Helms grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 4th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Utley walked. Abreu walked, Utley to second. Burrell walked, Utley to third, Abreu to second. Rowand walked, Utley scored, Abreu to third, Burrell to second. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Howard singled to right center, Abreu and Burrell scored, Rowand to third. Bell struck out looking. Fasano grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Howard out at second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Aguila reached on bunt single to third. Abercrombie popped out to second. Treanor popped out to shortstop. Messenger struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Lieber struck out looking. Rollins flied out to center. Utley singled to left center. Utley stole second. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Ramirez hit by pitch. Uggla singled to right, Ramirez to third. Cabrera singled to deep left, Ramirez scored, Uggla to third. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to first, Uggla scored, Cabrera safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Howard, Willingham safe at second on throwing error by first basema. Helms struck out swinging. Aguila struck out swinging. Abercrombie tripled to deep center, Cabrera and Willingham scored. Abercrombie out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Treanor batting. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 6th. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Burrell struck out looking. Rowand flied out to center. Howard singled to center. Bell popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Cepicky hit for Messenger. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Treanor doubled to deep right center. Cepicky grounded out to first, Treanor to third. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Ramirez bunt popped into double play, catcher to third, Treanor doubled off third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Nunez hit for Lieber. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Fasano struck out looking. Nunez flied out to left. Rollins homered to right. Utley reached on infield single to first. Abreu walked, Utley to second. Herges pitching for Marlins. Burrell walked, Utley to third, Abreu to second. Rowand tripled to deep center, Utley, Abreu and Burrell scored. Geary pitching for Phillies. Howard grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Uggla grounded out to second. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop. Willingham struck out swinging. Helms grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Herges pitching for Marlins. Bell flied out to center. Dellucci hit for Geary. Fasano grounded out to third. Dellucci walked. Franklin pitching for Phillies. Rollins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Franklin pitching for Phillies. Aguila fouled out to first. Abercrombie struck out swinging. Borowski pitching for Marlins. Amezaga in center field. Treanor flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Borowski pitching for Marlins. Utley popped out to shortstop. Abreu walked. Abreu stole second. Burrell struck out swinging. Rowand reached on infield single to second, Abreu to third. Gordon pitching for Phillies. Victorino in left field. Howard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Gordon pitching for Phillies. Amezaga lined out to third. Ramirez flied out to right. Uggla grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 7 - Marlins 5.	Rowand triple gives Lieber, Phillies comeback win