Phillies - Top 1st. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Rollins doubled to deep right. Utley singled to right, Rollins scored on error by right fielder Drew. Abreu struck out looking. Howard struck out looking. Rowand flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Myers pitching for Phillies. Lofton safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Utley. Martinez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lofton out at second. Kemp flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 2nd. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Dellucci grounded out to second. Bell singled to shallow left. Lieberthal flied out to center. Myers grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bell out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Drew walked. Saenz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Drew out at second. Aybar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Rollins grounded out to first. Utley homered to right. Abreu struck out looking. Howard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Guzman struck out swinging. Martin flied out to left. Sele grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. Dellucci struck out swinging. Bell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Lofton singled to left. Martinez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lofton out at second. Kemp struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Lieberthal flied out to center. Myers grounded out to shortstop. Rollins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Drew grounded out to first. Saenz doubled to deep center. Aybar reached on infield single to second, Saenz to third. Guzman singled to center, Saenz scored, Aybar to second. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guzman out at second, Aybar to third. Sele struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Utley flied out to center. Abreu flied out to center. Howard grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Lofton singled to right. Lofton stole second. Martinez reached on infield single to first, Lofton to third. Kemp reached on infield single to catcher, Martinez to second. Drew grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lofton scored, Kemp out at second, Martinez to third. Saenz flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Sele pitching for Dodgers. Rowand doubled to deep right. Dellucci doubled to right, Rowand scored. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Bell flied out to left. Lieberthal flied out to left. Myers flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Aybar batting. Ethier hit for Baez. Martin walked. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Ethier walked, Martin to second. Lofton singled to center, Martin to third, Ethier to second, Martin scored, Ethier to third, Lofton to second on throwing error by center fielder Rowand. Martinez walked. Geary pitching for Phillies. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Kemp grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 8th. Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Rollins doubled to deep left. Utley doubled to left, Rollins scored. Abreu singled to center, Utley to third. Howard grounded into fielder's choice to first, Utley scored, Abreu to second. Kuo pitching for Dodgers. Rowand sacrificed to third, Abreu to third, Howard to second. Victorino hit by pitch. Bell reached on infield single to second, Abreu scored, Howard to third, Victorino to second. Victorino in left field. Rhodes pitching for Phillies. Lieberthal grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bell out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Rhodes pitching for Phillies. Drew struck out swinging. Saenz flied out to center. Seo pitching for Dodgers. Nunez hit for Rhodes. Aybar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Seo pitching for Dodgers. Nunez singled to left. Rollins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nunez out at second. Gordon pitching for Phillies. Utley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Gordon pitching for Phillies. Guzman popped out to second. Furcal hit for Seo. Martin batting. Furcal lined out to right. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 6 - Dodgers 4.	Utley unleashes the fury as Phils fight off Dodgers