Mets - Top 1st. Madson pitching for Phillies. Reyes reached on bunt single to pitcher. Reyes stole second. Lo Duca singled to right, Reyes scored. Beltran lined out to second. Delgado hit by pitch, Lo Duca to second. Wright struck out swinging. Valentin grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Glavine pitching for Mets. Rollins homered to left. Utley grounded out to second. Abreu grounded out to second. Burrell singled to center. Howard grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Madson pitching for Phillies. Chavez struck out swinging. Milledge lined out to second. Glavine grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Glavine pitching for Mets. Rowand homered to left. Bell flied out to right. Fasano walked. Madson bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Fasano out at second. Rollins grounded into fielder's choice to third, Madson out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Madson pitching for Phillies. Reyes doubled to deep left center. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop, Reyes to third. Beltran homered to right, Reyes scored. Delgado homered to right. Wright walked. Valentin struck out swinging. Wright stole second. Chavez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Glavine pitching for Mets. Utley lined out to first. Abreu homered to left. Burrell struck out looking. Howard grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Milledge singled to center. Glavine bunted into double play, catcher to shortstop to second, Milledge out at second. Reyes grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. Bell singled to left. Fasano flied out to left. Madson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop. Beltran flied out to center. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Rollins homered to left. Utley doubled to deep center. Abreu grounded out to second, Utley to third. Burrell walked. Bradford pitching for Mets. Howard walked, Burrell to second. Rowand popped out to first. Bell grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Wright homered to left. Valentin doubled to deep center. Chavez sacrificed to first, Valentin to third, Chavez safe at first on error by first baseman Howard. Valentin to third on error by first baseman Howard. Franco hit for Bradford. Sanches pitching for Phillies. Milledge hit by pitch, Chavez to second. Franco lined out to second, Valentin scored, Chavez to third, Milledge to second on throwing error by second baseman Utley. Reyes intentionally walked. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Lo Duca reached on infield single to third, Chavez scored, Milledge to third, Reyes to second. Beltran safe at first on error by third baseman Bell, Milledge and Reyes scored, Lo Duca to second. Delgado singled to right, Lo Duca to third, Beltran to second. Wright popped out to first. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Valentin struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 3 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Victorino hit for Fultz. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Fasano singled to center. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fasano out at second. Franklin pitching for Phillies. Rollins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Victorino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Franklin pitching for Phillies. Chavez hit ground rule double to deep center. Milledge struck out swinging. Feliciano flied out to left. Reyes walked. Lo Duca grounded into fielder's choice to third, Reyes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Utley singled to center. Abreu struck out swinging. Burrell struck out looking. Howard flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Franklin pitching for Phillies. Beltran walked. Delgado singled to right, Beltran to second. Wright grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Delgado out at second, Beltran to third. Heilman pitching for Mets. Valentin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Heilman pitching for Mets. Rowand struck out swinging. Bell singled to left. Dellucci hit for Franklin. Fasano doubled to left, Bell to third. Dellucci homered to left, Bell and Fasano scored. Rollins walked. Wagner pitching for Mets. Woodward at second base. Geary pitching for Phillies. Utley struck out swinging. Rollins caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Chavez doubled to left. Milledge grounded out to first, Chavez to third. Woodward grounded out to third. Reyes intentionally walked. Lo Duca hit by pitch, Reyes to second. Beltran struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Wagner pitching for Mets. Abreu walked. Burrell grounded into double play, third to second to first, Abreu out at second. Howard singled to center. Rowand struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 9 - Phillies 7.	Wagner haunts Phillies; Mets homer to sixth straight win