Phillies - Top 1st. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Rollins struck out looking. Utley singled to center. Utley stole second. Abreu struck out swinging. Burrell walked. Howard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Johnson reached on infield single to first. Catalanotto walked, Johnson to second. Glaus struck out swinging. Hillenbrand struck out looking. Molina singled to left, Johnson scored, Catalanotto to second. Overbay singled to left center, Catalanotto scored, Molina to second. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Overbay out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Dellucci singled to right. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Dellucci out at second. Bell hit by pitch, Victorino to second. Fasano safe at first on error by shortstop Hill, Victorino to third, Bell to second. Rollins flied out to left. Utley singled to right, Victorino and Bell scored, Fasano to third. Abreu walked, Utley to second. Burrell struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Hinske flied out to right. McDonald walked. Johnson singled to left center, McDonald to third. Geary pitching for Phillies. Catalanotto hit sacrifice fly to center, McDonald scored. Glaus flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Howard homered to left. Dellucci grounded out to second. Victorino flied out to center. Bell popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Geary pitching for Phillies. Hillenbrand flied out to right. Molina flied out to center. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Coste ran for Fasano. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Fasano singled to left. Rollins reached on infield single to second, Coste to second. Utley struck out swinging. Abreu doubled to left, Coste and Rollins scored. Burrell walked. Howard flied out to right. Abreu to third, Burrell to second on wild pitch by Burnett. Dellucci struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Coste catching. Geary pitching for Phillies. Hill grounded out to second. Hinske hit ground rule double to left. McDonald sacrificed to pitcher, Hinske to third, McDonald safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Geary. Hinske scored on throwing error by pitcher Geary. Johnson lined out to center. Catalanotto walked. Glaus flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 5th. Burnett pitching for Blue Jays. Victorino bunt grounded out to first. Bell doubled to center. Coste doubled to center, Bell scored. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Rollins doubled to center, Coste scored. Utley grounded out to second, Rollins to third. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Hillenbrand struck out looking. Molina flied out to right. Overbay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Burrell struck out looking. Howard struck out looking. Dellucci struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Hill batting. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Victorino batting. Bell singled to left. Coste struck out swinging, Bell stole second. Rollins walked. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Utley walked, Bell to third, Rollins to second. Abreu singled to center, Bell and Rollins scored, Utley to third. Burrell singled to center, Utley scored, Abreu to second. Abreu to third, Burrell to second on wild pitch by Frasor. Rowand in center field. Victorino in left field. Howard struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Franklin pitching for Phillies. Glaus popped out to shortstop. Hillenbrand doubled to center. Molina popped out to shortstop. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Overbay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Rowand flied out to center. Victorino flied out to center. Bell reached on infield single to shortstop. Coste singled to left, Bell to second. Rhodes pitching for Phillies. Rollins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Rhodes pitching for Phillies. Hill flied out to right. Hinske struck out looking. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Mottola in right field. Hinske at third base. Adams struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Utley homered to left center. Abreu singled to right. Burrell walked, Abreu to second. Howard struck out looking. Rowand flied out to right. Gordon pitching for Phillies. Victorino grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Gordon pitching for Phillies. Johnson flied out to center. Catalanotto fouled out to left. Mottola singled to center. Hillenbrand reached on infield single to third, Mottola to second. Molina doubled to deep right, Mottola scored, Hillenbrand to third. Overbay popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 11 - Blue Jays 6.	Howard blasts 28th HR as Phils avoid Blue Jays sweep