Marlins - Top 1st. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Ramirez flied out to right. Uggla struck out swinging. Cabrera hit by pitch. Willingham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Rollins singled to right. Victorino singled to center, Rollins to second. Utley singled to right, Rollins scored, Victorino to third. Howard hit by pitch, Utley to second. Dellucci fouled out to third. Burrell flied out to center. Ruiz singled to right, Victorino and Utley scored, Howard to third. Nunez grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Jacobs grounded out to second. Borchard struck out looking. Amezaga struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Lieber struck out looking. Rollins grounded out to second. Victorino flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Olivo reached on infield single to second. Moehler bunt popped out to pitcher. Ramirez singled to left, Olivo to second. Uggla grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ramirez out at second, Olivo to third. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Utley reached on infield single to second. Howard singled to center, Utley to second. Dellucci flied out to left. Burrell lined out to shortstop. Ruiz doubled to deep left, Utley scored, Howard to third. Nunez intentionally walked. Lieber grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. Jacobs doubled to deep left. Borchard singled to left, Jacobs to third. Amezaga grounded out to pitcher, Jacobs scored, Borchard to second. Olivo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Moehler pitching for Marlins. Rollins flied out to center. Victorino singled to center. Herges pitching for Marlins. Utley flied out to center. Howard intentionally walked, Victorino to second. Dellucci reached on infield single to second, Howard hit by batted ball out at second, Victorino to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Wood hit for Herges. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Wood grounded out to third. Ramirez doubled to deep right. Uggla grounded out to third, Ramirez to third. Petit pitching for Marlins. Cabrera lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Petit pitching for Marlins. Burrell grounded out to third. Ruiz popped out to shortstop. Nunez walked. Lieber struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. Jacobs doubled to deep right. Borchard grounded out to second. Amezaga singled to right, Jacobs scored. Amezaga stole second. Olivo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Petit pitching for Marlins. Rollins homered to right center. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Victorino singled to shallow right. Utley singled to right, Victorino to third. Conine hit for Dellucci. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Ross in center field. Howard struck out swinging. Conine singled to left, Victorino scored, Utley to second. Conine in left field. Bourn in right field. Burrell grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Conine out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Ross grounded out to first. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Uggla flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Ruiz safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez. Simon hit for Lieber. Nunez sacrificed to pitcher, Ruiz to second. Simon grounded out to pitcher, Ruiz to third. Madson pitching for Phillies. Rollins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 8th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Cabrera flied out to right. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. Jacobs walked. Helms hit for Messenger. Borchard homered to center, Jacobs scored. Garcia pitching for Marlins. Helms popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Victorino singled to right. Utley singled to right, Victorino to second. Victorino to third, Utley to second on passed ball by Olivo. Howard intentionally walked. Coste hit for Bourn. Conine doubled to deep right, Victorino and Utley scored, Howard to third. Coste flied out to center. Ruiz intentionally walked. Gordon pitching for Phillies. Roberson in right field. Nunez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ruiz out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Gordon pitching for Phillies. Olivo homered to center. Ross grounded out to third. Ramirez homered to left. Uggla struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 6 - Phillies 8.	Flying Phillies take over lead in NL wild-card race