Phillies - Top 1st. Astacio pitching for Nationals. Rollins flied out to center. Victorino walked. Utley doubled to deep right center, Victorino scored, Utley to third advancing on throw. Howard struck out swinging. Conine fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Castro flied out to center. Lopez struck out swinging. Soriano fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Astacio pitching for Nationals. Coste grounded out to shortstop. Dellucci struck out swinging. Nunez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman homered to left. Vidro flied out to right. Harper grounded out to third. Logan singled to center. Church doubled to right, Logan scored. Astacio struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Astacio pitching for Nationals. Hamels lined out to shortstop. Rollins flied out to left. Victorino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Castro tripled to deep center. Lopez singled to center, Castro scored. Soriano struck out swinging. Zimmerman reached on bunt single to third, Lopez to second. Vidro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Zimmerman out at second, Lopez to third, Lopez scored, Vidro to second on throwing error by second baseman Utley. Harper fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 4th. Astacio pitching for Nationals. Utley homered to right. Howard lined out to left. Conine popped out to first. Coste lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Logan reached on infield single to shortstop. Church flied out to left. Astacio sacrificed to pitcher, Logan to second. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Astacio pitching for Nationals. Dellucci flied out to center. Nunez safe at first on error by second baseman Castro. Hamels sacrificed to third, Nunez to second. Rollins doubled to left, Nunez scored. Victorino struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Lopez flied out to right. Soriano fouled out to right. Zimmerman walked. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Vidro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Utley singled to right center. Howard struck out swinging, Utley stole second. Conine struck out swinging. Coste grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Harper struck out looking. Logan struck out swinging. Church struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Dellucci struck out swinging. Simon hit for Hamels. Nunez doubled to deep left. Wagner pitching for Nationals. Roberson ran for Simon. Simon walked. Rollins singled to right, Nunez scored, Roberson to third. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Roberson scored, Rollins out at second. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Dorta hit for Wagner. Utley struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Dorta popped out to second. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Madson pitching for Phillies. Lopez doubled to deep left center. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Soriano lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Howard doubled to deep center. Conine grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Howard out at third. Coste singled to left, Conine to second. Dellucci flied out to left. Conine in left field. Bourn in right field. Nunez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Rollins. Mateo hit for Harper. Vidro singled to center, Zimmerman to second. Lombard ran for Vidro. Mateo sacrificed to pitcher, Zimmerman to third, Vidro to second. Smith pitching for Phillies. Logan struck out swinging. Fick at first base. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Schneider catching. Burrell hit for Smith. Church lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Burrell struck out swinging. Rollins grounded out to third. Victorino tripled to deep right center. Utley walked. Booker pitching for Nationals. Howard intentionally walked, Utley to second. Gordon pitching for Phillies. Conine grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Howard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Gordon pitching for Phillies. Schneider singled to right. Castro walked, Schneider to second. Lopez sacrificed to third, Schneider to third, Castro to second. Soriano intentionally walked. Zimmerman walked, Schneider scored, Castro to third, Soriano to second. Kearns hit for Booker. Fick fouled out to shortstop. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Kearns popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 10th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Coste walked. Bourn sacrificed to first, Coste to second. Thurston hit for Gordon. Nunez doubled to deep right center, Coste scored. Thurston flied out to left. Geary pitching for Phillies. Rollins flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 10th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Logan reached on bunt single to pitcher. Church grounded out to first. Schneider singled to right, Logan scored. Castro struck out swinging. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schneider safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Rollins. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Soriano struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 11th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Victorino flied out to center. Utley flied out to center. Howard intentionally walked. White pitching for Phillies. Conine grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Howard out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 11th. White pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman walked. Fick flied out to center. Bergmann sacrificed to pitcher, Zimmerman to second. Logan grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 12th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Coste singled to left. Bourn sacrificed to first, Coste to second. Ruiz hit for White. Nunez grounded out to second, Coste to third. Condrey pitching for Phillies. Ruiz popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 12th. Condrey pitching for Phillies. Church grounded out to second. Schneider flied out to left. Castro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 13th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Rollins grounded out to second. Victorino singled to center. Utley popped out to second. Howard intentionally walked, Victorino to second. Conine struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 13th. Condrey pitching for Phillies. Lopez struck out looking. Soriano lined out to shortstop. Zimmerman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 14th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Coste doubled to deep right center. Bourn reached on bunt single to third, Coste to third. Hernandez hit for Condrey. Nunez grounded out to shortstop, Bourn to second. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Coste out at home, Bourn to third. Rollins tripled to deep right, Bourn and Hernandez scored. Castro pitching for Phillies. Victorino bunt grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 14th. Perez hit for Bergmann. Castro pitching for Phillies. Fick singled to left. Perez singled to right, Fick to second. Logan sacrificed to pitcher, Fick to third, Perez to second, Logan safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Castro. Fick to third on throwing error by pitcher Castro. Church hit sacrifice fly to center, Fick scored. Schneider grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Logan out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Phillies 8 - Nationals 7.	Rollins' two-run triple in 14th helps Phillies beat Nats