Reds - Top 1st. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Holt flied out to right. Suárez singled to center. Votto flied out to left. Phillips lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Straily pitching for Reds. Herrera singled to center. Hernández sacrificed to third, Herrera to second. Franco grounded out to second, Herrera to third. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Bruce doubled to right. Duvall doubled to left, Bruce scored. De Jesús singled to left, Duvall to third. Barnhart singled to left, Duvall scored, De Jesús to second. Straily bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, De Jesús out at third, Barnhart to second. Holt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Straily out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Straily pitching for Reds. Ruiz struck out swinging. Galvis singled to right. Goeddel singled to deep right, Galvis to second. Morgan grounded into fielder's choice to first, Goeddel out at second, Galvis to third. Lough grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Suárez singled to left. Votto struck out swinging. Phillips grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suárez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Straily pitching for Reds. Herrera flied out to left. Hernández struck out swinging. Franco safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Suárez. Howard walked. Ruiz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 4th. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Bruce walked. Duvall singled to center, Bruce to third. De Jesús flied out to center. Duvall stole second. Barnhart intentionally walked. Straily walked, Bruce scored, Duvall to third, Barnhart to second. Holt grounded into fielder's choice to first, Duvall scored, Straily out at second, Barnhart to third. Suárez homered to center (420 feet), Barnhart and Holt scored. Oberholtzer pitching for Phillies. Votto struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Straily pitching for Reds. Galvis struck out swinging. Goeddel walked. Oberholtzer singled to right, Goeddel to second. Lough grounded into fielder's choice to first, Oberholtzer out at second, Goeddel to third. Herrera walked, Lough to second. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Oberholtzer pitching for Phillies. Phillips struck out swinging. Bruce singled to center. Duvall singled to left, Bruce to second. De Jesús grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bruce out at third, Duvall to second, Duvall to third on throwing error by third baseman Franco. Barnhart flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Straily pitching for Reds. Franco singled to left. Howard flied out to center. Ruiz singled to left, Franco to third. Galvis struck out swinging. Goeddel grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Pacheco hit for Straily. Oberholtzer pitching for Phillies. Pacheco grounded out to shortstop. Holt walked. Suárez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Holt out at second. Votto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Delabar pitching for Reds. Burriss hit for Oberholtzer. Burriss struck out swinging. Lough walked. Herrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lough out at second. Hernández walked, Herrera to second. Franco doubled to deep center, Herrera and Hernández scored. Howard flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Murray pitching for Phillies. Burriss at first base. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Bruce walked. Duvall reached first base on catcher's interference, Bruce to second. De Jesús grounded out to catcher, Bruce to third, Duvall to second. Barnhart struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Wood pitching for Reds. Ruiz struck out looking. Galvis grounded out to second. Goeddel grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Peraza hit for Wood. Murray pitching for Phillies. Peraza grounded out to third. Holt singled to center. Holt to second on passed ball by Ruiz. Suárez lined out to right, Holt to third. Votto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Ohlendorf pitching for Reds. Burriss grounded out to second. Lough singled to right. Herrera walked, Lough to second. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to second, Herrera out at second, Lough to third. Franco singled to center, Lough scored, Hernández to third. Blanco hit for Murray. Blanco grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Araujo pitching for Phillies. Phillips reached on infield single to first. Bruce reached on infield single to second, Phillips to second. Duvall struck out looking. De Jesús walked, Phillips to third, Bruce to second. Barnhart grounded into fielder's choice to first, Phillips out at home, Bruce to third, De Jesús to second. Cozart hit for Ohlendorf. Cozart singled to left center, Bruce and De Jesús scored, Barnhart to third. Holt walked, Cozart to second. Suárez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Hayes pitching for Reds. Ruiz singled to left. Galvis reached on infield single to second, Ruiz to second. Goeddel struck out swinging. Burriss singled to left, Ruiz to third, Galvis to second. Lough walked, Ruiz scored, Galvis to third, Burriss to second. Cingrani pitching for Reds. Herrera grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Galvis out at home, Burriss to third, Lough to second. Hernández struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 9 - Phillies 4.	Suarez powers Reds to 9-4 win over Phillies