Phillies - Top 1st. Cueto pitching for Giants. Herrera doubled to right center. Bourjos sacrificed to third, Herrera to third. Joseph hit sacrifice fly to center, Herrera scored. Franco flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Nola pitching for Phillies. Span struck out swinging. Pagán singled to right center. Belt doubled to right, Pagán to third. Posey hit by pitch. Crawford grounded out to second, Pagán scored, Belt to third, Posey to second. Parker grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Asche grounded out to second. Ruiz struck out looking. Galvis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Nola pitching for Phillies. Peña singled to center. Gillaspie grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peña out at second. Cueto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Nola struck out looking. Herrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Nola pitching for Phillies. Span reached on bunt single to third. Pagán doubled to left, Span scored. Belt flied out to center. Posey doubled to deep right, Pagán scored. Crawford singled to right center, Posey to third. Parker singled to right, Posey scored, Crawford to second. Peña hit by pitch, Crawford to third, Parker to second. Gillaspie hit by pitch, Crawford scored, Parker to third, Peña to second. Cueto struck out swinging. Span struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Bourjos flied out to center. Joseph flied out to center. Franco hit by pitch. Asche walked, Franco to second. Ruiz singled to center, Franco scored, Asche to second. Galvis singled to center, Asche scored, Ruiz to third. Hernández grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Nola pitching for Phillies. Pagán grounded out to second. Belt singled to left. Posey reached on infield single to shortstop, Belt to second. Oberholtzer pitching for Phillies. Blanco at second base. Crawford flied out to right. Parker struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. Herrera bunt grounded out to catcher. Bourjos reached on infield single to shortstop. Joseph doubled to left, Bourjos to third. Franco walked. Asche singled to center, Bourjos and Joseph scored, Franco to second. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Oberholtzer pitching for Phillies. Peña grounded out to shortstop. Gillaspie singled to center. Cueto sacrificed to pitcher, Gillaspie to second. Span struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Galvis grounded out to second. Oberholtzer grounded out to pitcher. Blanco lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Oberholtzer pitching for Phillies. Pagán singled to left center. Belt grounded out to pitcher, Pagán to second. Posey grounded out to shortstop. Crawford singled to right center, Pagán scored. Parker safe at first on error by pitcher Oberholtzer, Crawford to second. Peña grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crawford out at third, Parker to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 7th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Herrera homered to center (418 feet). Bourjos singled to right. Law pitching for Giants. Joseph lined out to right. Franco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bourjos out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. Gillaspie struck out swinging. Blanco hit for Law. Blanco walked. Span fouled out to third. Pagán doubled to deep right, Blanco scored, Pagán out stretching at third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Osich pitching for Giants. Asche doubled to right. Ruiz singled to center, Asche scored. Galvis sacrificed to pitcher, Ruiz to second. Paredes hit for Hernandez. Paredes grounded out to third. Blanco struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. González pitching for Phillies. Belt flied out to left. Posey struck out swinging. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Osich pitching for Giants. Herrera grounded out to shortstop. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Bourjos singled to center. Joseph struck out swinging. Franco singled to left, Bourjos to second. Asche grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Phillies. Parker popped out to shortstop. Peña doubled to deep right. Gillaspie doubled to deep right, Peña scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 7 - Giants 8.	Gillaspie gets Giants past Phillies for Bochy's 800th SF win