Phillies - Top 1st. Teheran pitching for Braves. Hernández struck out looking. Herrera lined out to right. Franco popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Peterson doubled to deep right. Beckham flied out to right. Freeman grounded out to first, Peterson to third. Markakis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Teheran pitching for Braves. Howard doubled to deep right. Altherr struck out swinging. Rupp singled to center, Howard scored. Asche flied out to center. Galvis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. García grounded out to shortstop. Inciarte lined out to center. Aybar singled to left center. Recker grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aybar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Teheran pitching for Braves. Hellickson popped out to first. Hernández grounded out to first. Herrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Teherán struck out swinging. Peterson singled to right. Beckham flied out to right. Freeman singled to left, Peterson to third. Markakis singled to center, Peterson scored, Freeman to third. García singled to left, Freeman scored, Markakis to second. Inciarte struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Franco lined out to left. Howard flied out to center. Altherr grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Aybar grounded out to second. Recker grounded out to shortstop. Teherán grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Rupp singled to left. Asche singled to right, Rupp to second. Galvis flied out to left. Hellickson doubled to left, Rupp and Asche scored. Hernández walked. Herrera flied out to center. Franco struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Peterson singled to left. Beckham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peterson out at second. Freeman lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Howard grounded out to first. Altherr walked. Rupp singled to right, Altherr to third. Asche hit by pitch, Rupp to second. Galvis singled to center, Altherr and Rupp scored, Asche to second. Hellickson lined out to center. Hernández walked, Asche to third, Galvis to second. Herrera struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Markakis flied out to right. García walked. Inciarte singled to center, García to third. Aybar flied out to left. Recker singled to left, García scored, Inciarte to third. Snyder hit for O'Flaherty. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Snyder struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Ramírez pitching for Braves. Franco popped out to shortstop. Howard grounded out to shortstop. Altherr walked. Rupp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Peterson flied out to left. Beckham struck out looking. Freeman singled to center. Markakis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Cervenka pitching for Braves. Goeddel hit for Asche. Goeddel walked. Galvis bunted into fielder's choice to first, Goeddel out at second. Featherston hit for Ramos. Featherston walked, Galvis to second. Galvis stole third, Featherston stole second. Hernández intentionally walked. Herrera walked, Galvis scored, Featherston to third, Hernández to second. Weber pitching for Braves. Franco safe at first on error by third baseman García, Featherston and Hernández scored, Herrera to second. Howard safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar, Herrera to third, Franco to second. Altherr hit by pitch, Herrera scored, Franco to third, Howard to second. Rupp grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Altherr out at second. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Goeddel in left field. González pitching for Phillies. García doubled to deep left. Inciarte singled to left, García to third. Aybar hit sacrifice fly to left, García scored, Inciarte to second. Recker doubled to deep right center, Inciarte scored. Francoeur hit for Weber. Francoeur popped out to shortstop. Peterson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Marksberry pitching for Braves. Goeddel grounded out to third. Galvis singled to left. Paredes hit for González. Paredes grounded into fielder's choice to second, Galvis out at second. Hernández singled to center, Paredes to second. Herrera flied out to center. Krol pitching for Braves. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Gómez pitching for Phillies. Beckham struck out swinging. Freeman reached on infield single to third. Freeman to second on fielder's indifference. Markakis flied out to center. García grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 9 - Braves 5.	Hellickson uses arm, bat to help Phillies beat Braves