Rockies - Top 1st. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Blackmon safe at first on error by center fielder Herrera. Blackmon caught stealing second, catcher to second. LeMahieu flied out to center. Arenado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Hernández struck out looking. Altherr struck out swinging. Franco grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Raburn walked. Dahl lined out to center. Hundley flied out to right. Parra singled to center, Raburn to second. Adames grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Howard grounded out to shortstop. Rupp safe at first on error by third baseman Arenado. Herrera lined out to left. Galvis walked, Rupp to second. Paredes singled to right center, Rupp scored, Galvis to second. Morgan grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 3rd. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Chatwood flied out to right. Blackmon doubled to left. LeMahieu doubled to deep right, Blackmon scored. Arenado flied out to center. Raburn lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Hernández grounded out to second. Altherr reached on infield single to pitcher, Altherr to second on throwing error by pitcher Chatwood. Franco safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Arenado. Altherr to third, Franco to second on wild pitch by Chatwood. Howard intentionally walked. Rupp grounded into fielder's choice to first, Altherr scored, Franco to third, Howard to second. Herrera struck out looking. Galvis flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Dahl singled to left. Hundley reached on infield single to third, Dahl to second. González pitching for Phillies. Dahl to third, Hundley to second on balk by González. Parra fouled out to third. Adames reached on infield single to second, Dahl scored, Hundley to third. Adames caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Chatwood struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Descalso at first base. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Paredes homered to left center (397 feet). González grounded out to second. Hernández walked. Hernández stole second. Altherr struck out swinging. Franco walked. Howard flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Phillies. Blackmon homered to right (374 feet). LeMahieu flied out to right. Arenado struck out swinging. Descalso lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Rupp walked. Herrera singled to center, Rupp to third. Galvis singled to center, Rupp scored, Herrera to second. Paredes doubled to right center, Herrera scored, Galvis to third. Featherston hit for González. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Featherston struck out swinging. Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop, Galvis scored, Paredes to third. Altherr grounded into fielder's choice to third, Paredes out at home, Hernández to second. Franco popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. Dahl grounded out to second. Hundley reached on infield single to pitcher. Parra flied out to center. Adames hit by pitch, Hundley to second. González hit for Lyles. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. McGee pitching for Rockies. Howard singled to center. Rupp struck out swinging. Herrera doubled to deep right center, Howard scored, Herrera thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Galvis flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. Blackmon homered to right (363 feet). LeMahieu grounded out to second. Arenado singled to left. Descalso struck out looking. Dahl walked, Arenado to second. Altherr in center field. Neris pitching for Phillies. Bourjos in right field. Hundley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Arenado out at third, Dahl to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Paredes grounded out to shortstop. Bourjos safe at first on error by first baseman Descalso. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bourjos out at second. Altherr grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 8th. Neris pitching for Phillies. Parra grounded out to pitcher. Adames struck out swinging. Paulsen hit for Oberg. Paulsen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Franco walked. Howard struck out swinging. Franco stole second. Rupp singled to right, Franco to third. Joseph hit for Neris. Joseph popped out to shortstop. Galvis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Gómez pitching for Phillies. Joseph at first base. Blackmon flied out to left. LeMahieu walked. Arenado singled to left, LeMahieu to second. Descalso grounded into fielder's choice to second, Arenado out at second, LeMahieu to third. Descalso to second on fielder's indifference. Dahl walked. Hundley singled to right center, LeMahieu and Descalso scored, Dahl to third. Parra flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 6 - Phillies 7.	Paredes leads Phillies to series sweep of Colorado