Phillies - Top 1st. Cashner pitching for Marlins. Hernández singled to left center. Altherr grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hernández to second. Herrera lined out to left. Joseph grounded out to first, Hernández to third, Altherr to second. Galvis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Gordon flied out to right. Suzuki tripled to deep right. Prado grounded out to shortstop, Suzuki scored. Yelich grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Cashner pitching for Marlins. Ellis struck out looking. Blanco lined out to shortstop. Bourjos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Ozuna doubled to left. Bour flied out to right, Ozuna to third. Realmuto hit sacrifice fly to center, Ozuna scored. Hechavarría singled to left center. Cashner grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Cashner pitching for Marlins. Hellickson struck out swinging. Hernández singled to left center. Hernández stole second. Altherr walked. Herrera grounded out to second, Hernández to third, Altherr to second. Joseph struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Gordon reached on bunt single to catcher. Suzuki flied out to center. Prado lined out to center. Gordon stole second. Yelich struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Cashner pitching for Marlins. Galvis grounded out to pitcher. Ellis struck out looking. Blanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Ozuna flied out to center. Bour grounded out to shortstop. Realmuto singled to center. Hechavarría grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Cashner pitching for Marlins. Bourjos doubled to left. Hellickson sacrificed to first, Bourjos to third. Hernández struck out swinging. Altherr walked. Altherr caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Herrera batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Cashner singled to center. Gordon reached on bunt single to catcher, Cashner to second. Suzuki singled to left, Cashner to third, Gordon to second. Prado hit sacrifice fly to center, Cashner scored, Gordon to third. Yelich grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Cashner pitching for Marlins. Herrera struck out swinging. Joseph singled to left. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Galvis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Joseph out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Ozuna safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Blanco. Bour singled to right, Ozuna to third. Pérez ran for Bour. Realmuto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ozuna scored, Pérez out at second. Hechavarría flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 7th. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Johnson at first base. Ellis walked. Blanco lined into double play, second to first, Ellis doubled off first. Bourjos lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Altherr in right field. Schuster pitching for Phillies. Paredes in left field. Johnson walked. Gordon lined out to third. Suzuki grounded out to second, Johnson to second. González pitching for Phillies. Prado doubled to deep left, Johnson scored. Yelich hit ground rule double to deep right center, Prado scored. Ozuna reached on infield single to pitcher, Yelich to third. Stanton hit for Barraclough. Stanton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Paredes grounded out to second. Hernández walked. Altherr struck out looking. Hernández to second on fielder's indifference. Herrera walked. Joseph struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Herrmann pitching for Phillies. Realmuto reached on infield single to third. Hechavarría struck out looking. Johnson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Realmuto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Brice pitching for Marlins. Galvis struck out swinging. Ellis struck out swinging. Blanco lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 0 - Marlins 6.	Andrew Cashner gets 1st win for Marlins, 6-0, over Phillies