Brewers - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Reds . Segura grounded out to first . Schafer singled to right . Parra grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Schafer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Hamilton struck out swinging . Cozart flied out to right . Votto lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Reds . Lind singled to right . Davis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lind out at second . Ramírez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Frazier walked . Bruce homered to right ( 367 feet ) , Frazier scored . Phillips flied out to center . Byrd reached on infield single to shortstop , Byrd to second on throwing error by shortstop Segura . Peña intentionally walked . Marquis singled to shallow left , Byrd scored , Peña to second . Hamilton singled to right , Peña to third , Marquis to second . Cozart walked , Peña scored , Marquis to third , Hamilton to second . Votto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cozart out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Reds . Herrera flied out to left . Maldonado walked . Nelson sacrificed to first , Maldonado to second . Segura singled to right , Maldonado scored . Schafer flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Frazier walked . Frazier stole second . Bruce walked . Frazier to third , Bruce to second on wild pitch by Nelson . Phillips grounded out to third . Frazier scored , Bruce to third on wild pitch by Nelson . Byrd singled to right , Bruce scored . Peña singled to center , Byrd to third . Wooten pitching for Brewers . Marquis sacrificed to pitcher , Peña to second . Byrd scored , Peña to third on wild pitch by Wooten . Hamilton grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Reds . Parra doubled to deep right center . Lind grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Parra out at second . Davis flied out to center . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lind out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Wooten pitching for Brewers . Cozart struck out looking . Votto struck out swinging . Frazier hit by pitch . Bruce walked , Frazier to second . Phillips lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Reds . Herrera lined out to center . Maldonado struck out looking . Wooten grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Wooten pitching for Brewers . Byrd grounded out to pitcher . Peña doubled to deep right center . Marquis grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Marquis pitching for Reds . Segura flied out to center . Schafer grounded out to shortstop . Parra doubled to deep right . Lind singled to right , Parra scored . Davis flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Wooten pitching for Brewers . Cozart tripled to deep center . Votto struck out looking . Frazier walked . Cotts pitching for Brewers . Herrera in left field . Gómez at second base . Frazier stole second . Bruce hit sacrifice fly to center , Cozart scored . Phillips doubled to deep left center , Frazier scored . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Marquis pitching for Reds . Ramírez lined out to center . Herrera grounded out to third . Maldonado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Cotts pitching for Brewers . Peña walked . Marquis struck out swinging . Peña to second on wild pitch by Cotts . Hamilton flied out to left . Cozart lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Marquis pitching for Reds . Gómez walked . Segura grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gómez out at second . Schafer doubled to deep center . Schafer to third on wild pitch by Marquis . Parra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Smith pitching for Brewers . Votto flied out to left . Frazier grounded out to third . Bruce walked . Phillips popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Badenhop pitching for Reds . Lind walked . Rogers hit for Smith . Rogers reached on infield single to second , Lind to second . Ramírez singled to right , Lind to third , Rogers to second . Herrera struck out swinging . Maldonado singled to right , Lind scored , Rogers to third , Ramírez to second . Chapman pitching for Reds . Gómez hit by pitch , Rogers scored , Ramírez to third , Maldonado to second . Segura singled to center , Ramírez and Maldonado scored , Gómez to second . Jiménez hit for Schafer . Jiménez struck out swinging . Braun hit for Parra . Braun struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 6 - Reds 9 .	Marquis , Bruce lead Reds over Brewers 9 - 6