Brewers - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Segura flied out to left . Parra singled to left . Gómez lined out to right . Lind singled to left , Parra to second . Lucroy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Wong doubled to deep left center . Carpenter reached on infield single to second , Wong to third . Holliday walked , Carpenter to second . Peralta singled to center , Wong scored , Carpenter to third , Holliday to second . Grichuk safe at first on error by third baseman Gómez , Carpenter scored , Holliday to third , Peralta to second . Reynolds singled to center , Holliday scored , Peralta to third , Grichuk to second . Molina hit sacrifice fly to center , Peralta scored , Grichuk to third . Heyward hit sacrifice fly to center , Grichuk scored . Lackey struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Peterson flied out to center . Gómez walked . Pérez flied out to center . Nelson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Wong grounded out to first . Carpenter grounded out to first . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Segura struck out looking . Parra homered to right ( 385 feet ) . Gómez fouled out to second . Lind grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Peralta grounded out to pitcher . Grichuk struck out swinging . Reynolds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Lucroy lined out to right . Peterson grounded out to first . Gómez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Carpenter . Pérez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Molina singled to left . Heyward singled to shallow center , Molina to second . Lackey walked , Molina to third , Heyward to second . Wong flied out to center . Carpenter singled to right , Molina and Heyward scored , Lackey to second . Holliday struck out swinging . Peralta flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Nelson singled to left . Segura singled to left , Nelson to second . Parra flied out to center . Gómez struck out swinging . Lind flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Grichuk struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded out to third . Molina grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Lucroy doubled to deep center . Peterson grounded out to shortstop , Lucroy to third . Gómez doubled to deep right center , Lucroy scored . Pérez struck out swinging . Ramírez hit for Nelson . Ramírez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Cotts pitching for Brewers . Sardinas at second base . Pérez at third base . Heyward struck out swinging . Lackey lined out to left . Wong grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Segura singled to right . Parra singled to right , Segura to third . Gómez flied out to center . Lind grounded out to second , Segura scored , Parra to second . Lucroy singled to right , Parra to third , Lucroy thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Smith pitching for Brewers . Carpenter grounded out to second . Holliday singled to center . Peralta singled to center , Holliday to second . Grichuk grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Peterson singled to left . Sardinas grounded out to pitcher , Peterson to second . Pérez flied out to right . Rogers hit for Smith . Rogers grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Reynolds grounded out to third . Molina singled to center . Heyward popped out to shortstop . Jay hit for Maness . Jay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Harris pitching for Cardinals . Segura flied out to center . Parra reached on bunt single to pitcher . Gómez singled to center , Parra to second . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Lind singled to center , Parra scored , Gómez to second . Lucroy grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lind out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 4 - Cardinals 7 .	Lackey , Cardinals defeat Milwaukee 7 - 4 to win series