Brewers - Top 1st . Gibson pitching for Twins . Segura homered to left ( 387 feet ) . Parra struck out swinging . Gómez struck out swinging . Lind grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Dozier flied out to left . Hunter lined out to center . Mauer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Lucroy homered to center ( 413 feet ) . Ramírez safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar . Peterson struck out swinging . Rogers grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ramírez out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Plouffe flied out to right . Núñez struck out swinging . Rosario grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Pérez grounded out to third . Segura grounded out to second . Parra singled to left . Gómez singled to shallow left , Parra to second . Lind homered to right ( 420 feet ) , Parra and Gómez scored . Lucroy singled to right . Ramírez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Suzuki lined out to pitcher . Escobar singled to right . Hicks struck out looking . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Peterson struck out swinging . Rogers grounded out to third . Pérez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Hunter flied out to right . Mauer singled to right . Plouffe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mauer out at second . Núñez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Plouffe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Segura grounded out to third . Parra grounded out to first . Gómez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Rosario singled to right . Suzuki reached on infield single to second , Rosario to second . Escobar fouled out to third . Hicks grounded out to second , Rosario to third , Suzuki to second . Dozier reached on infield single to third , Rosario scored , Suzuki to third . Hunter singled to left , Suzuki scored , Dozier to second . Mauer homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Dozier and Hunter scored . Plouffe grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Lind grounded out to first . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Ramírez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Núñez struck out swinging . Rosario flied out to left . Suzuki singled to center . Escobar lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Peterson struck out swinging . Rogers grounded out to pitcher . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Jeffress pitching for Brewers . Hicks reached on bunt single to pitcher , Hicks to second on throwing error by pitcher Jeffress . Dozier grounded out to third . Hunter grounded out to second , Hicks to third . Mauer intentionally walked . Plouffe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 8th . Boyer pitching for Twins . Segura struck out swinging . Parra grounded out to pitcher . Gómez doubled to deep right . Thompson pitching for Twins . Lind doubled to deep right , Gómez scored . Fien pitching for Twins . Lucroy reached on infield single to third , Lind scored . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lucroy out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Sardinas at second base . Pérez at third base . Jeffress pitching for Brewers . Núñez singled to center . Rosario struck out swinging , Núñez to second on wild pitch by Jeffress . Suzuki struck out swinging . Núñez to third on balk by Jeffress . Escobar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Peterson singled to left center . Rogers singled to left , Peterson to second . Pérez sacrificed to pitcher , Peterson to third , Rogers to second . Segura intentionally walked . Parra hit by pitch , Peterson scored , Rogers to third , Segura to second . Stauffer pitching for Twins . Gómez struck out swinging . Lind singled to left center , Rogers and Segura scored , Parra to second , Parra to third , Lind to second on throwing error by left fielder Rosario . Lucroy flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 9th . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Hicks grounded out to pitcher . Dozier struck out looking . Hunter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 10 - Twins 5 .	Lind 's big night sparks Brewers in 10 - 5 win over Twins