Nationals - Top 1st . Garza pitching for Brewers . Span doubled to deep right . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . Escobar lined out to shortstop . Harper reached on infield single to shortstop , Span scored , Harper to second on throwing error by shortstop Segura . Ramos grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Roark pitching for Nationals . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Parra singled to right . Braun tripled to deep center , Parra scored . Lind popped out to second . Ramírez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Espinosa lined out to center . Robinson homered to right ( 387 feet ) . Taylor lined out to right . Roark struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Peterson lined out to right . Segura struck out swinging . Gennett fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Span singled to left . Rendon singled to left , Span to second . Escobar struck out swinging . Harper flied out to center . Ramos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Garza struck out swinging . Lucroy lined out to shortstop . Parra flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Espinosa struck out swinging . Robinson singled to right . Taylor singled to left , Robinson to second . Roark struck out bunting foul . Span safe at first on error by shortstop Segura , Robinson advanced to third on Segura error , Taylor advanced to second on Segura error , Robinson scored , Taylor to third , Span to second on throwing error by center fielder Parra . Rendon safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Ramírez , Taylor and Span scored . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Braun singled to center . Lind doubled to deep left center , Braun to third . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop , Braun scored , Lind to third . Peterson grounded out to first , Lind scored . Segura singled to right . Gennett grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Harper grounded out to second . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Espinosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Garza singled to right . Lucroy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garza out at second . Parra grounded out to pitcher , Lucroy to second . Braun walked . Lind singled to right , Lucroy scored , Braun to third . Ramírez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Robinson grounded out to second . Taylor flied out to right . Roark struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Peterson lined out to center . Segura singled to right . Gennett lined out to center . Gómez hit for Garza . Gómez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Blazek pitching for Brewers . Span grounded out to third . Rendon walked . Escobar struck out swinging . Rendon caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Lucroy flied out to left . Parra homered to right ( 403 feet ) . Braun struck out swinging . Rivero pitching for Nationals . Lind struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Smith pitching for Brewers . Harper walked . Ramos struck out looking . Espinosa flied out to left . Harper caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Robinson batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Barrett pitching for Nationals . Ramírez struck out swinging , Ramírez safe at first on wild pitch by Barrett . Peterson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramírez out at second , Peterson to second on throwing error by second baseman Rendon . Segura grounded out to first , Peterson to third . Gennett singled to left , Peterson scored . Pérez hit for Smith . Pérez walked , Gennett to second . Janssen pitching for Nationals . Lucroy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pérez out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 9th . Rodríguez pitching for Brewers . Pérez at third base . Robinson grounded out to third . Taylor grounded out to third . Desmond hit for Janssen . Desmond singled to left center . Span grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Brewers 6 .	Brewers rally from 4 down , beat Nationals 6 - 5