Brewers - Top 1st . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Segura grounded out to catcher . Parra grounded out to shortstop . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Garza pitching for Brewers . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Lucroy lined out to left . Ramírez popped out to second . Lind doubled to deep right . Pérez singled to left center , Lind scored , Pérez thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Garza pitching for Brewers . González struck out swinging . Arenado singled to left . Paulsen struck out looking . Arenado caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Peterson singled to left . Garza struck out swinging . Segura singled to center , Peterson to second . Parra grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Segura out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Hundley singled to center . Ynoa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hundley safe at second on missed catch error by second baseman Pérez . Rusin sacrificed to pitcher , Ynoa to second . Blackmon grounded out to second , Hundley scored , Ynoa to third . LeMahieu singled to right , Ynoa scored . Tulowitzki singled to left , LeMahieu scored , Tulowitzki advanced to second on throw . González flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Braun tripled to right . Lucroy lined out to second . Ramírez grounded out to second , Braun scored . Lind grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Arenado homered to left ( 404 feet ) . Paulsen grounded out to shortstop . Hundley singled to center . Ynoa singled to center , Hundley to second . Hundley stole third , Ynoa stole second . Rusin grounded out to third . Blackmon singled to right , Hundley and Ynoa scored . Blackmon caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . LeMahieu batting . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Barnes in right field . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Pérez grounded out to third . Peterson grounded out to pitcher . Garza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Garza pitching for Brewers . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Barnes reached on infield single to shortstop . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Barnes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Segura flied out to left . Parra reached on infield single to shortstop , Parra advanced to second on play . Braun grounded out to pitcher , Parra to third . Lucroy doubled to deep left center , Parra scored . Ramírez popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Paulsen singled to right center . Hundley doubled to right center , Paulsen scored . Ynoa singled to shallow right . Rosario flied out to right . Blackmon singled to right , Hundley scored , Ynoa to third , Blackmon to second advancing on play . Cotts pitching for Brewers . LeMahieu walked . Tulowitzki singled to center , Ynoa and Blackmon scored , LeMahieu to second . Barnes walked , LeMahieu to third , Tulowitzki to second . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Pérez at third base . Gómez at second base . Arenado grounded into double play , third to first , Tulowitzki out at third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Lind walked . Pérez struck out swinging . Peterson singled to center , Lind to third . Gennett hit for Gómez . Gennett struck out swinging . Segura popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Paulsen grounded out to first . Hundley doubled to right center . Ynoa grounded out to second , Hundley to third . Miller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Rockies . Parra doubled to right center . Braun doubled to left center , Parra scored . Lucroy popped out to second . Rogers flied out to right , Braun to third . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Lind grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Broxton pitching for Brewers . Blackmon walked . LeMahieu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blackmon out at second . Descalso hit for Tulowitzki . Descalso grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Pérez singled to left . Peterson struck out swinging . Gennett grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pérez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 4 - Rockies 10 .	Blackmon , Tulowitzki lead Rockies past Brewers 10 - 4