Brewers - Top 1st . Billingsley pitching for Phillies . Parra walked . Lucroy singled to shallow center , Parra to second . Braun singled to left , Parra scored , Lucroy to second . Lind singled to center , Lucroy scored , Braun to second . Gómez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lind out at second , Braun to third . Ramírez hit sacrifice fly to center , Braun scored . Segura flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Garza pitching for Brewers . Herrera grounded out to pitcher . Hernández reached on bunt single to third . Franco fouled out to catcher . Howard lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Phillies . Gennett walked . Garza sacrificed to first , Gennett to second . Parra doubled to deep right , Gennett scored . Lucroy singled to left , Parra to third . Braun grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lucroy out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Brown singled to shallow left center . Asche homered to right center ( 409 feet ) , Brown scored . Galvis fouled out to third . Rupp grounded out to second . Billingsley grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Phillies . Lind grounded out to second . Gómez grounded out to second . Ramírez singled to center . Segura singled to right , Ramírez to second . Gennett singled to right , Ramírez scored , Segura to third . Garza grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Herrera doubled to right . Hernández walked . Franco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hernández out at second , Herrera to third . Howard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Billingsley pitching for Phillies . Parra singled to left . Parra caught stealing second , catcher to second . Lucroy lined out to right . Braun flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Brown flied out to center . Asche singled to right . Galvis singled to right , Asche to second . Rupp singled to shallow center , Asche to third , Galvis to second . Billingsley struck out looking . Herrera singled to center , Asche and Galvis scored , Rupp to second . Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop , Rupp to third , Herrera to second . Franco fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Billingsley pitching for Phillies . Lind safe at first on error by first baseman Howard . Lind to second on wild pitch by Billingsley . Gómez walked . Ramírez grounded out to third , Lind to third , Gómez to second . Segura singled to right , Lind and Gómez scored . Gennett flied out to right . Garza struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Howard grounded out to second . Brown lined out to center . Asche grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Francoeur in right field . Parra flied out to left . Lucroy grounded out to third . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Galvis singled to right . Rupp struck out looking . Francoeur struck out swinging . Herrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Lind flied out to center . Gómez struck out swinging . Ramírez singled to left . Pérez ran for Ramírez . Segura reached on infield single to first , Pérez to third . Gennett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Pérez at third base . Broxton pitching for Brewers . Hernández singled to shallow left . Franco lined out to left . Howard doubled to deep center , Hernández scored . Revere hit for De Fratus . Smith pitching for Brewers . Revere singled to right , Howard scored , Revere to second advancing on throw . Asche walked . Galvis singled to shallow left , Revere scored , Asche to second . Rupp lined out to center . Francoeur struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Giles pitching for Phillies . Peterson hit for Smith . Peterson walked . Parra struck out swinging . Lucroy flied out to left . Braun flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Jeffress pitching for Brewers . Herrera singled to right . Hernández struck out bunting foul . Franco lined out to left . Howard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Phillies . Ruf at first base . Lind fouled out to third . Gómez struck out swinging . Pérez singled to left . Segura grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Blazek pitching for Brewers . Gómez at third base . Ruf struck out swinging . Asche singled to shallow left . Galvis walked , Asche to second . Rupp popped out to second . Francoeur lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 10th . Papelbon pitching for Phillies . Gennett reached on bunt single to catcher . Gómez bunt popped out foul to first . Parra grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gennett out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 10th . Blazek pitching for Brewers . Herrera flied out to left . Hernández struck out swinging . Franco fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 11th . García pitching for Phillies . Lucroy doubled to right . Braun grounded out to shortstop , Lucroy to third . Lind singled to center , Lucroy scored . Gómez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lind out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 11th . Rodríguez pitching for Brewers . Blanco hit for García . Blanco grounded out to second . Ruf grounded out to shortstop . Asche grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 8 - Phillies 7 .	Lind 's RBI single in 11th lifts Brewers over Phillies 8 - 7