Brewers - Top 1st . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Parra flied out to center . Lucroy flied out to center . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Fiers pitching for Brewers . Inciarte flied out to right . Pennington struck out swinging . Goldschmidt doubled to deep center , Goldschmidt to third on throwing error by center fielder Gómez . Pollock grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 2nd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Lind struck out swinging . Gómez doubled to deep left . Gennett grounded out to first , Gómez to third . Segura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Fiers pitching for Brewers . Tomás homered to right ( 394 feet ) . Hill flied out to right . Ahmed lined out to right . Hernández struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Pérez doubled to deep left center . Fiers reached on bunt single to pitcher , Pérez to third . Parra grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to catcher , Fiers out at second , Pérez out at home , Parra to first . Lucroy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Parra out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Fiers pitching for Brewers . Godley struck out looking . Inciarte doubled to deep center . Pennington struck out swinging . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Braun struck out swinging . Lind struck out swinging . Gómez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Fiers pitching for Brewers . Tomás singled to right center . Hill walked , Tomás to second . Ahmed struck out swinging . Hernández singled to center , Tomás scored , Hill to second . Godley struck out bunting foul . Inciarte singled to center , Hill scored , Hernández to second , Hernández scored , Inciarte to third on error by third baseman Pérez . Pennington struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 5th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Gennett singled to left center . Segura grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gennett out at second . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Fiers pitching for Brewers . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Pollock tripled to deep left center . Tomás struck out swinging . Hill singled to left center , Pollock scored . Ahmed struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Peterson hit for Fiers . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Peterson grounded out to shortstop . Parra hit by pitch . Lucroy flied out to right . Parra to second on wild pitch by Godley . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Hernández struck out swinging . Lamb hit for Godley . Lamb struck out swinging . Inciarte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Lind grounded out to shortstop . Gómez grounded out to first . Gennett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Pennington singled to right . Pennington stole second . Goldschmidt walked . Pollock doubled to right center , Pennington scored , Goldschmidt to third . Tomás struck out swinging . Hill grounded out to third . Ahmed flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Segura grounded out to third . Pérez struck out swinging . Gómez hit for Knebel . Gómez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Goforth pitching for Brewers . Hernández struck out swinging . Owings hit for Delgado . Owings singled to left . Inciarte walked , Owings to second . Pennington singled to center , Owings to third , Inciarte to second . Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to center , Owings scored . Pollock singled to left , Inciarte scored , Pennington to second . Tomás struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Leone pitching for Diamondbacks . Parra singled to left . Lucroy reached on infield single to second , Parra to second . Braun homered to left center ( 430 feet ) , Parra and Lucroy scored . Lind grounded out to second . Gómez struck out swinging . Gennett lined out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Rookie Godley pitches Diamondbacks to 8 - 3 win over Brewers