Marlins - Top 1st . Cravy pitching for Brewers . Gordon grounded out to second . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Prado hit by pitch , Suzuki to second . Bour lined out to left . Dietrich walked , Suzuki to third , Prado to second . Gillespie tripled to deep right , Suzuki , Prado and Dietrich scored . Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Conley pitching for Marlins . Segura struck out looking . Lucroy struck out swinging . Braun doubled to right center . Braun caught stealing third , pitcher to third . Davis batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Cravy pitching for Brewers . Telis lined out to center . Conley struck out swinging . Gordon walked . Suzuki lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Davis struck out swinging . Rogers singled to left center . Pérez struck out looking . Herrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Cravy pitching for Brewers . Prado struck out looking . Bour grounded out to first . Dietrich doubled to deep right center . Gillespie walked . Hechavarría singled to center , Dietrich scored , Gillespie to third , Gillespie scored , Hechavarría to third on throwing error by center fielder Schafer . Telis safe at first on error by second baseman Herrera , Hechavarría scored . Conley singled to right , Telis to second . Gordon singled to center , Telis scored , Conley to second . Suzuki singled to center , Conley to third , Gordon to second . Goforth pitching for Brewers . Prado popped out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Schafer singled to right . Goforth struck out looking . Segura singled to right , Schafer to second . Lucroy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Segura out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Goforth pitching for Brewers . Bour grounded out to second . Dietrich singled to right . Gillespie flied out to left . Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Braun singled to right . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Braun out at second . Rogers doubled to deep center , Davis to third . Pérez singled to left center , Davis scored , Rogers to third , Pérez to second advancing on throw . Herrera doubled to deep left , Rogers and Pérez scored . Schafer walked . Goforth struck out bunting foul . Segura singled to center , Herrera scored , Schafer to second . Flores pitching for Marlins . Lucroy lined out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Goforth pitching for Brewers . Telis grounded out to second . Mathis hit for Flores . Mathis struck out swinging . Gordon singled to center . Gordon stole second . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop , Gordon to third . Suzuki stole second . Prado singled to right center , Gordon and Suzuki scored . Cotts pitching for Brewers . Prado stole second . Bour grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Braun struck out swinging . Davis lined out to shortstop . Rogers hit ground rule double to deep center . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Cotts pitching for Brewers . Dietrich hit by pitch . Gillespie singled to left , Dietrich to second . Hechavarría grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gillespie out at second , Dietrich to third . Telis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Herrera flied out to left . Schafer popped out to shortstop . Gennett hit for Cotts . Gennett popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Rojas hit for Barraclough . Rojas fouled out to first . Gordon grounded out to second . Suzuki doubled to deep center . Prado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Cordier pitching for Marlins . Segura safe at first on error by shortstop Hechavarría . Lucroy walked , Segura to second . Braun grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lucroy out at second , Segura to third . Davis walked . Rogers flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 8th . Smith pitching for Brewers . Bour struck out looking . Dietrich struck out swinging . Gillespie grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Ozuna in center field . Gillespie in left field . Cordier pitching for Marlins . Pérez grounded out to third . Herrera struck out swinging . Schafer fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Jeffress pitching for Brewers . Hechavarría struck out looking . Telis grounded out to third . McGehee hit for Cordier . McGehee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Ellington pitching for Marlins . Peterson hit for Jeffress . Peterson struck out swinging . Segura safe at first on error by first baseman Bour . Segura stole second . Lucroy singled to right , Segura to third . Braun flied out to right . Davis safe at first on error by shortstop Hechavarría , Segura scored , Lucroy to third . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Rogers hit by pitch , Davis to second . Lind hit for Pérez . Lind walked , Lucroy scored , Davis to third , Rogers to second . Herrera struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Final score : Marlins 9 - Brewers 6 .	Suzuki 's 4 hits lift Marlins past Brewers 9 - 6