Brewers - Top 1st . Morton pitching for Pirates . Gennett grounded out to pitcher . Herrera doubled to right . Lind homered to right ( 418 feet ) , Herrera scored . Davis flied out to center . Peterson walked . Sardinas grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Polanco safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Sardinas . Harrison grounded into double play , third to second to first , Polanco out at second . McCutchen walked . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 2nd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Schafer singled to left . Maldonado grounded into double play , third to second to first , Schafer out at second . Nelson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Kang grounded out to second . Walker grounded out to pitcher . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Gennett safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Ramírez . Herrera grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Gennett out at second . Lind lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Stewart grounded out to second . Morton grounded out to shortstop . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Davis grounded out to third . Peterson grounded out to shortstop . Sardinas safe at second on error by left fielder Harrison . Schafer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Harrison singled to shallow center . McCutchen walked , Harrison to second . Ramírez flied out to left . Kang struck out swinging . Walker walked , Harrison to third , McCutchen to second . Mercer reached on infield single to shortstop , Harrison scored , McCutchen to third , Walker to second . Stewart singled to left , McCutchen and Walker scored , Mercer to second . Morton struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Maldonado flied out to left . Nelson struck out swinging . Gennett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Polanco lined out to center . Harrison hit by pitch . McCutchen lined out to right . Ramírez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Herrera grounded out to first . Lind walked . Davis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lind out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Kang hit by pitch . Walker singled to center , Kang to second . Cravy pitching for Brewers . Mercer struck out swinging . Stewart singled to left , Kang scored , Walker to second . Snider hit for Morton . Snider struck out swinging . Polanco reached on infield single to second , Walker to third , Stewart to second . Harrison struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Soria pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez at first base . Peterson grounded out to first . Sardinas grounded out to second . Schafer singled to center . Schafer picked off first . Maldonado batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Goforth pitching for Brewers . Santana in center field . McCutchen reached on infield single to shortstop . Álvarez hit for Soria . Álvarez flied out to left . Kang doubled to left , McCutchen scored . Kang to third on wild pitch by Goforth . Walker hit sacrifice fly to center , Kang scored . Mercer struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Harrison at second base . Marte in left field . Caminero pitching for Pirates . Maldonado singled to left . Santana singled to right center , Maldonado to third . Watson pitching for Pirates . Pérez hit for Gennett . Pérez singled to right , Maldonado scored , Santana to third on error by Polanco , Pérez to second advancing on throw . Herrera struck out looking . Lind struck out swinging . Davis walked . Braun hit for Peterson . Braun grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Pérez at shortstop . Braun in right field . Sardinas at second base . Goforth pitching for Brewers . Stewart reached on bunt single to third . Rodriguez sacrificed to pitcher , Stewart to second . Polanco flied out to left . Harrison lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Sardinas struck out swinging . Rogers hit for Goforth . Rogers popped out to second . Maldonado struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Pirates 6 .	Pirates end 7 - game losing streak vs Brewers with 6 - 3 win