Rockies - Top 1st . Correia pitching for Padres . Fowler struck out swinging . Spilborghs struck out looking . Helton singled to deep right center . Atkins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Eckstein grounded out to third . Giles grounded out to shortstop . Hairston flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Correia pitching for Padres . Hawpe singled to right . Tulowitzki doubled to deep left , Hawpe scored . Iannetta singled to left center , Tulowitzki to third . Barmes grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Tulowitzki scored , Iannetta out at second . De La Rosa grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Headley grounded out to shortstop . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Correia pitching for Padres . Fowler struck out swinging . Spilborghs singled to center . Helton walked , Spilborghs to second . Atkins singled to center , Spilborghs scored , Helton to second . Hawpe walked , Helton to third , Atkins to second . Tulowitzki hit sacrifice fly to center , Helton scored , Atkins to third . Iannetta struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Blanco walked . Rodriguez singled to left , Blanco to second . Correia sacrificed to pitcher , Blanco to third , Rodriguez to second , Correia safe at first on throwing error by pitcher De La Rosa . Blanco scored , Rodriguez to third on throwing error by . Eckstein grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez out at home , Eckstein to second , Correia to second , Correia to third advancing on throw . Giles grounded out to shortstop , Correia scored . Hairston singled to center , Eckstein scored . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 4th . Correia pitching for Padres . Barmes singled to left . De La Rosa reached on bunt single to catcher , Barmes to second . Fowler sacrificed to pitcher , Barmes to third , De La Rosa to second . Mujica pitching for Padres . Spilborghs hit sacrifice fly to left , Barmes scored . Helton intentionally walked . Atkins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Headley grounded out to shortstop . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop . Blanco popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Mujica pitching for Padres . Hawpe singled to right . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Iannetta struck out swinging . Barmes popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Rodriguez walked . Burke hit for Mujica . Burke struck out swinging . Eckstein grounded out to first , Rodriguez to second . Giles walked . Hairston homered to left , Rodriguez and Giles scored . Gonzalez flied out to left . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Moreno pitching for Padres . Smith hit for De La Rosa . Smith flied out to center . Fowler walked . Fowler caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Spilborghs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Rusch pitching for Rockies . Headley lined out to right . Kouzmanoff grounded out to third . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Helton doubled to deep right . Atkins walked . Hawpe flied out to left . Tulowitzki walked , Helton to third , Atkins to second . Meredith pitching for Padres . Iannetta homered to left , Helton , Atkins and Tulowitzki scored . Barmes grounded out to third . Rusch lined out to third . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Daley pitching for Rockies . Rodriguez flied out to center . Gerut hit for Meredith . Gerut struck out swinging . Eckstein popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Fowler lined out to shortstop . Spilborghs struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Embree pitching for Rockies . Giles lined out to second . Hairston doubled to right . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Headley lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Lopez pitching for Padres . Atkins walked . Hawpe flied out to right . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Atkins out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Street pitching for Rockies . Stewart at third base . Kouzmanoff grounded out to third . Blanco struck out swinging . Rodriguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 9 - Padres 6 .	Iannetta 's grand slam hands Rockies victory