Dodgers - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Hudson walked . Blake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Stults pitching for Dodgers . Fowler doubled to left center . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Helton flied out to right , Fowler to third . Spilborghs walked . Hawpe walked , Spilborghs to second . Atkins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Kemp struck out swinging . Loney singled to left center . Loney stole second . Hoffmann grounded out to second , Loney to third . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Stults pitching for Dodgers . Barmes walked . Torrealba flied out to center . De La Rosa sacrificed to pitcher , Barmes to second . Fowler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Stults struck out swinging . Pierre struck out swinging . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Stults pitching for Dodgers . Tulowitzki walked . Helton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Tulowitzki out at second . Spilborghs grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Hudson singled to center . Blake singled to right , Hudson to third . Kemp reached on infield single to shortstop , Hudson scored , Blake to second . Loney singled to left , Blake to third , Kemp to second . Hoffmann hit sacrifice fly to right , Blake scored , Kemp to third . Castro singled to right , Kemp scored , Loney to second . Stults walked , Loney to third , Castro to second . Pierre tripled to deep left , Loney , Castro and Stults scored . Peralta pitching for Rockies . Martin singled to left , Pierre scored . Martin stole second . Hudson struck out swinging . Blake flied out to center . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Stults pitching for Dodgers . Hawpe doubled to deep left . Atkins lined out to left . Barmes doubled to deep left , Hawpe scored . Barmes caught stealing third , catcher to third . Torrealba struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Stewart at third base . Atkins at first base . Peralta pitching for Rockies . Kemp popped out to second . Loney singled to left . Hoffmann flied out to right . Castro singled to right center , Loney to third . Stults struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Murton hit for Peralta . Stults pitching for Dodgers . Murton flied out to center . Fowler walked . Tulowitzki walked , Fowler to second . Stewart walked , Fowler to third , Tulowitzki to second . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Spilborghs grounded out to first , Fowler scored , Tulowitzki to third , Stewart to second . Hawpe doubled to deep right center , Tulowitzki and Stewart scored . Atkins singled to center , Hawpe scored . Barmes fouled out to first . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Murton in left field . Pierre bunt grounded out to pitcher . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Hudson lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Torrealba grounded out to first . Murton doubled to deep center . Murton to third on wild pitch by Weaver . Fowler walked . Fowler to second on wild pitch by Weaver . Tulowitzki hit sacrifice fly to center , Murton scored , Fowler to third . Ohman pitching for Dodgers . Stewart walked . Smith hit for Fogg . Smith struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Blake grounded out to pitcher . Kemp walked . Loney walked , Kemp to second . Hoffmann doubled to right , Kemp scored , Loney to third . Castro singled to center , Loney and Hoffmann scored . Embree pitching for Rockies . Ohman sacrificed to catcher , Castro to second . Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop , Castro to third . Martin reached on infield single to third , Castro scored , Pierre to second . Pierre to third , Martin to second on wild pitch by Embree . Hudson singled to center , Pierre and Martin scored . Blake doubled to deep right center , Hudson scored . Kemp singled to center , Blake scored . Loney safe at first on error by second baseman Barmes , Kemp to third . Hoffmann struck out looking . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Quintanilla hit for Hawpe . Ohman pitching for Dodgers . Quintanilla walked . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Atkins flied out to right . Barmes walked , Quintanilla to second . Torrealba flied out to right . Murton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Stewart in right field . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Quintanilla at third base . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Belisario struck out looking . Pierre grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Fowler safe at first on error by first baseman Loney . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , third to second to first , Fowler out at second . Stewart flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 9th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Martin singled to right . Hudson struck out swinging . Blake grounded out to third , Martin to second . Kemp singled to right , Martin scored . Loney grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Phillips hit for Corpas . Phillips singled to right center . Quintanilla reached on infield single to shortstop , Phillips to second . Atkins grounded into double play , third to second to first , Quintanilla out at second , Phillips to third . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 16 - Rockies 6 .	Two big innings lift Dodgers past Rockies