Nationals - Top 1st . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Morgan grounded out to catcher . Johnson walked . Zimmerman grounded into double play , third to second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Fowler walked . Fowler caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Barmes singled to center . Helton struck out swinging , Barmes stole second . Hawpe singled to right , Barmes scored . Tulowitzki lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham homered to left . Guzman grounded out to first . Bard singled to deep right . Harris grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Stewart grounded out to second . Iannetta grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez walked . Hammel singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Zimmermann singled to deep right . Morgan flied out to center . Johnson singled to right , Zimmermann to second . Zimmerman homered to right center , Zimmermann and Johnson scored . Dunn flied out to right . Willingham singled to center . Willingham stole second . Guzman popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Barmes walked . Helton lined into double play , pitcher to first , Barmes out at first . Hawpe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Bard grounded out to second . Harris grounded out to first . Zimmermann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Tulowitzki singled to right . Stewart doubled to deep right center , Tulowitzki to third . Iannetta hit sacrifice fly to left , Tulowitzki scored . Gonzalez singled to right center , Stewart to third . Hammel sacrificed to third , Gonzalez to second . Fowler safe at first on error by second baseman Harris , Stewart scored , Gonzalez to third . Barmes singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Fowler to third . Helton walked , Barmes to second . Hawpe struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 5th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Morgan singled to center . Johnson singled to right , Morgan to second . Zimmerman grounded into double play , third to second to first , Johnson out at second , Morgan to third . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Tulowitzki flied out to left . Stewart grounded out to first . Iannetta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Willingham grounded out to third . Guzman flied out to left . Bard singled to left . Harris singled to right center , Bard to third . Belliard hit for Bergmann . Belliard walked , Harris to second . Morales pitching for Rockies . Morgan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez popped out to second . Morales grounded out to first . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Johnson walked . Johnson to second on wild pitch by Morales . Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop . Dunn struck out swinging . Rincon pitching for Rockies . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at third , Zimmerman to second . Guzman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Barmes grounded out to shortstop . Helton grounded out to second . Hawpe singled to right . Tulowitzki safe at first on error by shortstop Guzman , Hawpe to third . Stewart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 8th . Peralta pitching for Rockies . Bard struck out looking . Harris flied out to center . Kearns hit for Burnett . Kearns singled to right . Embree pitching for Rockies . Kearns caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher . Morgan batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Tavarez pitching for Nationals . Iannetta struck out swinging . Gonzalez walked . Smith hit for Embree . Gonzalez stole second . Smith walked . Spilborghs hit for Fowler . Beimel pitching for Nationals . Spilborghs grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gonzalez to third , Smith safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Beimel . Barmes hit sacrifice fly to center , Gonzalez scored , Smith out at third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 9th . Spilborghs in left field . Gonzalez in center field . Street pitching for Rockies . Morgan grounded out to shortstop . Johnson flied out to left . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 4 - Rockies 5 .	Embree wins for Rockies without throwing pitch