Cubs - Top 1st . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Theriot lined out to first . Bradley reached on infield single to second . Lee flied out to center . Fox hit ground rule double to deep right , Bradley to third . Fukudome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Cubs . Fowler walked . Gonzalez reached on infield single to first , Fowler to second . Helton singled to left , Fowler scored , Gonzalez to second , Gonzalez to third , Helton to second on throwing error by left fielder Soriano . Tulowitzki singled to left , Gonzalez scored , Helton to third . Hawpe grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Helton scored , Tulowitzki out at second . Stewart struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 2nd . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Soriano flied out to center . Baker doubled to deep center . Hill singled to right , Baker to third . Wells grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hill out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Cubs . Barmes grounded out to first . Torrealba flied out to right . Hammel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Theriot singled to center . Bradley singled to right , Theriot to second . Lee flied out to left . Fox hit by pitch , Theriot to third , Bradley to second . Fukudome singled to right , Theriot scored , Bradley to third , Fox to second . Soriano lined out to second . Baker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Cubs . Fowler safe at first on error by first baseman Lee . Gonzalez flied out to center . Fowler stole second . Fowler safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hill . Fowler scored on Wells ' wild pitch . Helton grounded out to second . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Hill singled to center . Wells sacrificed to first , Hill to second . Theriot flied out to center . Bradley doubled to left , Hill scored . Lee struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Hawpe doubled to deep left center . Stewart struck out swinging . Barmes grounded out to third . Torrealba intentionally walked . Hammel grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Torrealba out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Fox grounded out to shortstop . Fukudome bunt popped out to pitcher . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Fowler singled to right . Gonzalez lined out to second . Helton doubled to right , Fowler scored . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Hawpe grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Baker tripled to deep center . Hill singled to left , Baker scored . Daley pitching for Rockies . Wells sacrificed to first , Hill to second . Theriot struck out swinging . Bradley struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Stewart singled to right . Barmes grounded out to pitcher , Stewart to second . Torrealba singled to center , Stewart scored , Torrealba to second advancing on throw . Stevens pitching for Cubs . Smith hit for Daley . Smith doubled to deep right center , Torrealba scored . Fowler struck out swinging . Gonzalez singled to center , Smith scored . Gonzalez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Helton batting . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Lee singled to center . Fox singled to center , Lee to second . Fukudome struck out swinging . Soriano flied out to right , Lee to third . Baker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Stevens pitching for Cubs . Helton doubled to deep right . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Hawpe singled to left , Helton to third . Stewart walked , Hawpe to second . Barmes hit by pitch , Helton scored , Hawpe to third , Stewart to second . Torrealba singled to right center , Hawpe and Stewart scored , Barmes to third . Heilman pitching for Cubs . Morales struck out looking . Fowler struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Atkins at first base . Morales pitching for Rockies . Hill flied out to center . Miles hit for Heilman . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Theriot singled to right . Bradley singled to center , Theriot to second . Lee doubled to deep right , Theriot scored , Bradley to third . Fox struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Grabow pitching for Cubs . Fuld in left field . Gonzalez doubled to right . Atkins walked . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Atkins out at second , Gonzalez to third . Spilborghs hit for Hawpe . Spilborghs fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Quintanilla at shortstop . Spilborghs in right field . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Fukudome doubled to right . Fuld safe at first on error by shortstop Quintanilla , Fukudome scored . Baker flied out to center . Hill struck out looking . Fontenot hit for Grabow . Fontenot grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 5 - Rockies 11 .	Helton has three hits to push Rockies past Cubs