Rockies - Top 1st . VandenHurk pitching for Marlins . Smith walked . Gonzalez singled to center , Smith to second . Helton struck out looking . Smith to third , Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by VandenHurk . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , shortstop to third to second to third to second to third to second to third , Smith scored , Gonzalez out at third , Tulowitzki out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Coghlan struck out looking . Bonifacio reached on infield single to pitcher . Bonifacio caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Ramirez singled to center . Cantu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . VandenHurk pitching for Marlins . Hawpe struck out swinging . Atkins reached on infield single to third . Barmes homered to left , Atkins scored . Torrealba struck out looking . De La Rosa struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Uggla grounded out to third . Ross singled to center . Helms grounded out to third , Ross to second . Paulino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . VandenHurk pitching for Marlins . Smith lined out to left . Gonzalez homered to right . Helton flied out to left . Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . VandenHurk struck out looking . Coghlan flied out to left . Bonifacio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . VandenHurk pitching for Marlins . Hawpe struck out swinging . Atkins grounded out to pitcher . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Ramirez walked . Cantu singled to right , Ramirez to second . Uggla struck out swinging . Ross walked , Ramirez to third , Cantu to second . Helms struck out swinging . Ramirez out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Paulino batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . VandenHurk pitching for Marlins . Torrealba grounded out to third . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Paulino singled to left center . VandenHurk grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Paulino safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Helton . Coghlan lined out to left . Bonifacio singled to center , Paulino scored , VandenHurk to second . Ramirez struck out swinging . Cantu struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . VandenHurk pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez flied out to center . Helton struck out swinging . Tulowitzki walked . Hawpe homered to left , Tulowitzki scored . Atkins walked . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Barmes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Atkins out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Uggla walked . Ross flied out to right . Helms struck out swinging . Paulino singled to left , Uggla to second . Hermida hit for Lindstrom . Morales pitching for Rockies . Stewart at third base . Hermida popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Martinez pitching for Marlins . Torrealba fouled out to catcher . Stewart grounded out to third . Smith singled to right . Fowler ran for Smith . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Fowler in center field . Gonzalez in left field . Morales pitching for Rockies . Coghlan singled to right . Bonifacio singled to center , Coghlan to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bonifacio out at second , Coghlan to third . Cantu singled to left , Coghlan scored , Ramirez to second . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Spilborghs in left field . Uggla struck out looking . Ross singled to center , Ramirez scored , Cantu to second . Helms singled to right , Cantu to third , Ross to second . Paulino popped out to second . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Martinez pitching for Marlins . Helton struck out swinging . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Hawpe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Gload hit for Martinez . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Gload struck out swinging . Coghlan singled to right center . Bonifacio safe at first on error by third baseman Stewart , Coghlan to second . Ramirez struck out swinging . Street pitching for Rockies . Cantu flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 9th . Donnelly pitching for Marlins . Gload at first base . Spilborghs walked . Barmes struck out swinging , Spilborghs stole second . Torrealba singled to center , Spilborghs scored , Torrealba to second , Torrealba thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Stewart struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Street pitching for Rockies . Uggla struck out looking . Ross flied out to right . Helms struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 7 - Marlins 3 .	Barmes , Hawpe homers help Rockies earn split