Mets - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Pagan singled to center . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Pagan out at second . Wright singled to left , Castillo to third . Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to center , Castillo scored , Wright to second on throwing error by center fielder Gonzalez . Tatis doubled to deep right , Wright scored . Evans walked . Santos struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Smith reached on infield single to shortstop . Helton walked , Smith to second . Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher , Smith to third , Helton to second . Hawpe walked . Atkins walked , Smith scored , Helton to third , Hawpe to second . Barmes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Atkins out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Hernandez grounded out to third . Pelfrey grounded out to third . Pagan grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Torrealba singled to center . De La Rosa sacrificed to third , Torrealba to second . Gonzalez homered to right , Torrealba scored . Smith reached on infield single to first . Helton singled to center , Smith to third , Smith scored , Helton to third on throwing error by center fielder Pagan . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . Hawpe struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Castillo struck out swinging . Wright walked . Francoeur struck out swinging . Tatis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wright out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . Barmes struck out swinging . Torrealba struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Evans flied out to right . Santos struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Gonzalez walked . Gonzalez stole second . Smith walked . Helton homered to right , Gonzalez and Smith scored . Tulowitzki popped out to second . Hawpe flied out to left . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Valdez hit for Pelfrey . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Valdez walked . Pagan flied out to right . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Valdez out at second . Wright struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Broadway pitching for Mets . Atkins singled to left . Barmes grounded into double play , third to second to first , Atkins out at second . Torrealba struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Francoeur struck out swinging . Tatis popped out to second . Evans doubled to left . Santos lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Young Jr. hit for De La Rosa . Broadway pitching for Mets . Young Jr. grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Smith doubled to right . Helton safe at first on error by shortstop Hernandez , Smith to third . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Top 7th . Daley pitching for Rockies . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Sullivan hit for Broadway . Sullivan tripled to deep left . Pagan tripled to deep center , Sullivan scored . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . Wright struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Green pitching for Mets . Hawpe lined out to center . Atkins singled to center . Barmes reached on infield single to second , Atkins to second . Torrealba walked , Atkins to third , Barmes to second . Giambi hit for Daley . Giambi walked , Atkins scored , Barmes to third , Torrealba to second . Takahashi pitching for Mets . Gonzalez lined into double play , to first , Giambi doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Francoeur popped out to shortstop . Tatis flied out to center . Evans flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Takahashi pitching for Mets . Smith struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to first . Tulowitzki singled to center . Hawpe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Spilborghs in left field . Street pitching for Rockies . Santos grounded out to third . Murphy hit for Hernandez . Murphy lined out to shortstop . Reed hit for Takahashi . Reed grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 3 - Rockies 8 .	Rockies retake wild - card lead