Padres - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Cabrera struck out swinging . Eckstein grounded out to third . Gonzalez walked . Headley singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Salazar tripled to deep center , Gonzalez and Headley scored . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Mujica pitching for Padres . Gonzalez tripled to deep right center . Gonzalez scored on Mujica 's balk . Fowler safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . Helton singled to left , Fowler to third . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Hawpe homered to left , Fowler and Helton scored . Torrealba grounded out to third . Stewart walked . Barmes flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Blanco flied out to right . Gwynn singled to left . Mujica sacrificed to pitcher , Gwynn to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Mujica pitching for Padres . De La Rosa grounded out to shortstop . Smith hit for Gonzalez . Smith doubled to deep left . Fowler flied out to center . Smith to third on passed ball by Blanco . Helton singled to center , Smith scored . Tulowitzki flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Smith in left field . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Eckstein walked . Gonzalez singled to center , Eckstein to second . Headley lined out to second . Salazar walked , Eckstein to third , Gonzalez to second . Gonzalez doubled to deep left , Eckstein , Gonzalez and Salazar scored . Blanco singled to left , Gonzalez scored . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Gwynn lined into double play , to first , Blanco doubled off first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Mujica pitching for Padres . Hawpe grounded out to first . Torrealba doubled to center . Stewart singled to right , Torrealba to third . Barmes singled to right , Torrealba scored , Stewart to third , Barmes to second advancing on throw . Belisle struck out looking . Ramos pitching for Padres . Smith struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera bunt grounded out to pitcher . Eckstein grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Ramos pitching for Padres . Fowler singled to right . Helton grounded out to first , Fowler to second . Tulowitzki singled to right , Fowler scored . Hawpe struck out swinging . Tulowitzki stole second . Torrealba popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez singled to center . Headley grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Gonzalez out at second . Salazar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Ramos pitching for Padres . Stewart flied out to center . Barmes singled to left . Belisle struck out bunting foul . Barmes caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Smith batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez doubled to deep right center . Blanco struck out swinging . Flores pitching for Rockies . Gwynn grounded out to first , Gonzalez to third . Alfonzo hit for Ramos . Alfonzo lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Smith grounded out to first . Fowler singled to right . Helton grounded out to first , Fowler to third . Tulowitzki walked . Fowler scored , Tulowitzki to second on wild pitch by Perdomo . Hawpe intentionally walked . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hawpe out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 7th . Street pitching for Rockies . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Eckstein struck out swinging . Beimel pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Stewart walked . Barmes inside - the - park home run to deep right , Stewart scored . Venable in right field . Young Jr. hit for Beimel . Young Jr. grounded out to first . Poreda pitching for Padres . Smith walked . Fowler grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Smith out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Daley pitching for Rockies . Headley struck out swinging . Salazar struck out swinging . Venable popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Poreda pitching for Padres . Helton singled to left . Tulowitzki walked , Helton to second . Hawpe walked , Helton to third , Tulowitzki to second . Burke pitching for Padres . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helton out at home , Tulowitzki to third , Hawpe to second . Tulowitzki scored , Hawpe to third , Torrealba to second on wild pitch by Burke . Stewart struck out swinging . Barmes walked . Giambi hit for Daley . Hawpe out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Giambi batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Rincon pitching for Rockies . Blanco grounded out to shortstop . Gwynn walked . Macias hit for Burke . Gwynn to second on wild pitch by Rincon . Macias walked . Cabrera grounded out to first , Gwynn to third , Macias to second . Eckstein walked . Morales pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez singled to left , Gwynn and Macias scored , Eckstein to second . Headley walked , Eckstein to third , Gonzalez to second . Salazar singled to right , Eckstein and Gonzalez scored , Headley to third . Hundley hit for Venable . Durango ran for Salazar . Hundley lined out to left . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 10 - Rockies 11 .	Rockies hold off Padres to extend wild - card lead