Rockies - Top 1st . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez singled to right . Gonzalez stole second . Fowler sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to third . Helton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gonzalez scored . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , third to second to first , Helton out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Rollins grounded out to second . Victorino singled to left center . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Victorino out at second . Howard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Atkins lined out to first . Torrealba reached on infield single to shortstop . Spilborghs struck out swinging . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Werth flied out to left . Ibanez singled to center . Feliz struck out looking . Ruiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Cook struck out swinging . Gonzalez singled to right . Fowler struck out looking . Gonzalez caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Helton batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Hamels walked . Rollins grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Hamels out at second . Victorino reached on infield single to shortstop . Utley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Helton singled to center . Tulowitzki popped out to second . Atkins struck out swinging . Torrealba homered to left , Helton scored . Spilborghs flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Howard singled to right center . Werth grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Howard out at second . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Barmes flied out to center . Cook singled to shallow right . Gonzalez doubled to right center , Cook to third . Fowler hit sacrifice fly to left , Cook scored , Gonzalez to third . Helton popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . Ruiz walked . Dobbs hit for Hamels . Dobbs lined out to right . Rollins lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Stewart hit for Atkins . Stewart struck out swinging . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Stewart at third base . Cook pitching for Rockies . Victorino reached on infield single to second , Victorino to second on throwing error by second baseman Barmes . Utley singled to right , Victorino to third . Howard doubled to right , Victorino scored , Utley to third . Contreras pitching for Rockies . Werth struck out swinging . Ibanez singled to center , Utley and Howard scored . Feliz singled to center , Ibanez to second . Ruiz grounded into double play , third to second to first , Feliz out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 7th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Spilborghs doubled to left . Barmes sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Spilborghs to third . Smith hit for Contreras . Happ pitching for Phillies . Cairo at third base . Smith reached on infield single to pitcher , Barmes to second . Eyre pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Fowler hit sacrifice fly to right , Spilborghs scored , Barmes to third . Helton popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Cairo flied out to center . Rollins struck out swinging . Victorino grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Tulowitzki hit by pitch . Stewart walked , Tulowitzki to second . Torrealba sacrificed to pitcher , Tulowitzki to third , Stewart to second . Spilborghs intentionally walked . Barmes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tulowitzki out at home , Stewart to third , Spilborghs to second . Giambi hit for Belisle . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Giambi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Utley grounded out to first . Howard grounded out to second . Werth homered to right center . Morales pitching for Rockies . Ibanez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Fowler struck out swinging . Helton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Francisco hit for Madson . Street pitching for Rockies . Francisco grounded out to third . Stairs hit for Ruiz . Stairs walked . Lee ran for Stairs . Cairo flied out to right . Rollins singled to shallow right , Lee to second . Victorino lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Phillies 4 .	Rockies hold off Phils in Game 2 , even series