Giants - Top 1st. Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks. Winn singled to left center. Winn caught stealing second, pitcher to shortstop to first to second to pitcher. Vizquel walked. Finley walked, Vizquel to second. Bonds grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Finley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Morris pitching for Giants. Counsell tripled to deep center. DaVanon singled to right, Counsell scored. DaVanon caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Tracy flied out to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks. Sweeney grounded out to first. Matheny struck out swinging. Feliz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Morris pitching for Giants. Jackson flied out to right. Green flied out to left. Hudson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks. Vizcaino walked. Morris struck out bunting foul. Winn walked, Vizcaino to second. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Vizquel flied out to center. Finley popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Morris pitching for Giants. Estrada singled to center. Cruz sacrificed to first, Estrada to second. Counsell flied out to left. DaVanon singled to right center, Estrada scored. Tracy flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonds walked. Sweeney reached on infield single to shortstop, Bonds to second. Matheny grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Sweeney out at second. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Morris pitching for Giants. Gonzalez flied out to left. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Green grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Vizcaino grounded out to second. Morris struck out looking. Winn grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Morris pitching for Giants. Hudson struck out swinging. Estrada flied out to center. Cruz walked. Counsell grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cruz out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Vizquel walked. Vizquel to second on passed ball by Estrada. Finley homered to right, Vizquel scored. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonds doubled to deep center. Sweeney grounded out to second, Bonds to third. Matheny walked. Feliz hit sacrifice fly to center, Bonds scored. Vizcaino flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Morris pitching for Giants. DaVanon flied out to left. Tracy singled to right. Gonzalez doubled to deep center, Tracy scored. Jackson singled to center, Gonzalez scored. Green singled to right, Jackson to third. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jackson out at home, Green to second. Clark hit for Lyon. Estrada hit by pitch, Green to third, Hudson to second. Taschner pitching for Giants. Clark singled to right, Green and Hudson scored, Estrada to third. Counsell singled to right, Estrada scored, Clark to second. DaVanon singled to left, Clark to third, Counsell to second. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark at first base. Ishikawa hit for Taschner. Tracy flied out to center. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Ishikawa grounded out to shortstop. Winn reached on infield single to second. Walker pitching for Giants. Vizquel grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Winn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Walker pitching for Giants. Gonzalez popped out to first. Green hit for Daigle. Green lined out to second. Green singled to center. Green caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop to first. Hudson batting. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Finley flied out to left. Bonds walked. Ellison ran for Bonds. Ellison in left field. Sweeney grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ellison out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Walker pitching for Giants. Hudson singled to center. Estrada lined into double play, to first, Hudson doubled off first. Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks. Matheny homered to left center. Feliz flied out to right. Durham hit for Walker. Vizcaino grounded out to second. Durham grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 4 - Diamondbacks 7.	Gonzalez joins 300 HR-500 double club in D-Backs win