Cardinals - Top 1st. Morris pitching for Giants. Eckstein singled to center. Spiezio singled to right, Eckstein to second. Pujols homered to left, Eckstein and Spiezio scored. Rolen lined out to shortstop. Edmonds lined out to center. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Winn doubled to deep left. Vizquel lined out to right, Winn to third. Finley tripled to deep center, Winn scored. Bonds singled to right, Finley scored. Durham struck out swinging. Feliz flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Morris pitching for Giants. Bennett flied out to right. Miles singled to left. Marquis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Miles out at second. Eckstein grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Matheny flied out to center. Vizcaino struck out looking. Morris lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Morris pitching for Giants. Spiezio hit by pitch. Pujols flied out to right. Rolen flied out to center. Edmonds walked, Spiezio to second. Encarnacion doubled to deep left, Spiezio scored, Edmonds thrown out at home. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Winn grounded out to first. Vizquel grounded out to pitcher. Finley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Morris pitching for Giants. Bennett struck out swinging. Miles grounded out to second. Marquis lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Bonds grounded out to second. Durham grounded out to shortstop. Feliz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Morris pitching for Giants. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Spiezio walked. Pujols flied out to center. Rolen singled to center, Spiezio to second. Edmonds safe at first on error by first baseman Vizcaino, Spiezio to third, Rolen to second. Encarnacion singled to shallow center, Spiezio and Rolen scored, Edmonds to third. Bennett grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 5th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Matheny grounded out to third. Vizcaino singled to left. Morris sacrificed to pitcher, Vizcaino to second. Winn homered to right, Vizcaino scored. Vizquel lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Morris pitching for Giants. Miles grounded out to second. Marquis struck out swinging. Eckstein singled to right. Spiezio flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Taguchi in left field. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Finley lined out to left. Bonds flied out to right. Accardo pitching for Giants. Durham grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Accardo pitching for Giants. Pujols singled to right center. Pujols to second on wild pitch by Accardo. Rolen singled to right center, Pujols scored. Wilson pitching for Giants. Frandsen at second base. Edmonds walked, Rolen to second. Encarnacion flied out to right, Rolen to third. Rolen caught stealing home, catcher to third to pitcher, Edmonds to third on runner's fielder's choice. Bennett grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Feliz grounded out to third. Matheny flied out to center. Vizcaino grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Wilson pitching for Giants. Miles popped out to shortstop. Marquis doubled to left center. Eckstein grounded out to second, Marquis to third. Taguchi singled to shallow right, Marquis scored. Pujols grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Frandsen grounded out to shortstop. Winn grounded out to second. Correia pitching for Giants. Vizquel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Correia pitching for Giants. Rolen singled to center. Edmonds grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rolen out at second. Encarnacion flied out to center. Bennett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Finley walked. Sweeney hit for Correia. Bonds grounded out to second, Finley to second. Taguchi in center field. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Bigbie in left field. Sweeney singled to right, Finley to third. Feliz walked, Sweeney to second. Greene hit for Vizcaino. Matheny walked, Finley scored, Sweeney to third, Feliz to second. Ellison ran for Matheny. Greene flied out to center. Frandsen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellison out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 8 - Giants 5.	Pujols hits 23rd homer in Cardinals' win over Giants