Angels - Top 1st . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Figgins flied out to right . Kendrick flied out to center . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Angels . Suzuki lined out to shortstop . Chavez singled to left center . Griffey Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Chavez out at second . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Griffey Jr out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Guerrero flied out to right . Hunter lined out to second . Quinlan grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Branyan fouled out to first . Lopez grounded out to third . Johjima singled to center . Betancourt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Rivera grounded out to second . Mathis struck out looking . Aybar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Gutierrez walked . Gutierrez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Suzuki singled to center . Suzuki stole second . Chavez walked . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Beltre grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Figgins flied out to right . Kendrick flied out to left . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Branyan doubled to deep center . Lopez sacrificed to pitcher , Branyan to third . Johjima singled to center , Branyan scored . Betancourt doubled to right , Johjima to third . Johnson ran for Johjima . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson out at home , Betancourt to third . Suzuki flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Johnson catching . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Guerrero singled to center . Hunter homered to left , Guerrero scored . Quinlan struck out swinging . Rivera doubled to deep center . Mathis grounded out to third , Rivera to third . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Chavez homered to right . Griffey Jr homered to right . Beltre popped out to first . Branyan lined out to left . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Figgins struck out looking . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Abreu doubled to left . Guerrero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Johnson doubled to center . Betancourt singled to right , Johnson to third . Gutierrez sacrificed to pitcher , Johnson scored , Betancourt to second , Gutierrez safe at first on error by pitcher Weaver . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded into double play , second to first , Gutierrez out at second , Betancourt to third . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 7th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Hunter doubled to left . Morales hit for Quinlan . Morales struck out swinging , Hunter stole third , Morales to first on passed ball . Rivera singled to right , Hunter scored , Morales to second . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Mathis sacrificed to first , Morales to third , Rivera to second . Aybar struck out swinging . Figgins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Morales at first base . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Griffey Jr singled to left . Beltre walked , Griffey Jr to second . Branyan walked , Griffey Jr to third , Beltre to second . Lopez hit sacrifice fly to center , Griffey Jr scored , Beltre to third , Branyan to second . Bulger pitching for Angels . Johnson singled to center , Beltre and Branyan scored . Betancourt singled to left , Johnson to second . Johnson to third , Betancourt to second on wild pitch by Bulger . Gutierrez walked . Suzuki homered to right , Johnson , Betancourt and Gutierrez scored . Speier pitching for Angels . Chavez struck out looking . Griffey Jr walked . Beltre struck out looking . 7 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Kendrick grounded out to third . Abreu singled to center . Guerrero flied out to center . Hunter singled to center , Abreu to second . Morales flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Branyan grounded out to shortstop . Lopez singled to right center . Johnson grounded out to third , Lopez to second . Betancourt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Mathis flied out to center . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 3 - Mariners 11 .	Griffey , Ichiro reach milestones as M 's cruise