Mariners - Top 1st . Yoel Ortega pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to right . Chavez sacrificed to catcher , Suzuki to second . Griffey Jr walked . Beltre popped out to third . Branyan homered to right center , Suzuki and Griffey Jr scored . Lopez grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Silva pitching for Mariners . Figgins struck out swinging . Izturis flied out to center . Abreu lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Yoel Ortega pitching for Angels . Balentien struck out swinging . Johnson doubled to deep center . Betancourt popped out to second . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Silva pitching for Mariners . Hunter flied out to right . Morales flied out to left . Napoli popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Yoel Ortega pitching for Angels . Chavez struck out looking . Griffey Jr grounded out to first . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Silva pitching for Mariners . Matthews hit ground rule double to deep right center . Rivera grounded out to third . Kendrick hit by pitch . Figgins singled to right , Matthews to third , Kendrick to second . Izturis singled to center , Matthews scored , Kendrick to third , Figgins to second . Abreu grounded out to shortstop , Kendrick scored , Figgins to third , Izturis to second . Hunter grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Yoel Ortega pitching for Angels . Branyan struck out swinging . Lopez flied out to left . Balentien homered to left . Johnson safe at first on error by second baseman Kendrick . Betancourt doubled to deep right center , Johnson scored . Suzuki lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 4th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Morales homered to center . Napoli walked . Matthews grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Napoli out at second . Rivera singled to left . Kendrick lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Yoel Ortega pitching for Angels . Chavez fouled out to third . Griffey Jr struck out looking . Beltre grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Figgins bunt grounded out to catcher . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Abreu doubled to deep right . Hunter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Bulger pitching for Angels . Branyan singled to center . Lopez flied out to left . Balentien singled to right , Branyan to third . Johnson hit sacrifice fly to left , Branyan scored , Balentien to second . Betancourt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Morales grounded out to first . Napoli flied out to center . Matthews flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Bulger pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to right . Chavez walked , Suzuki to second . Griffey Jr singled to right , Suzuki scored , Chavez to third . Beltre singled to center , Chavez scored , Griffey Jr to second . Davidson pitching for Angels . Branyan singled to right , Griffey Jr scored , Beltre to second . Speier pitching for Angels . Lopez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Branyan out at second , Beltre to third . Balentien grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Rivera grounded out to second . Kendrick doubled to deep center . Kendrick to third on wild pitch by Batista . Figgins struck out swinging . Izturis walked . Abreu singled to right , Kendrick scored , Izturis to second . Hunter lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Speier pitching for Angels . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt struck out swinging . Suzuki singled to left . Chavez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Morales hit ground rule double to deep left . Napoli grounded out to second , Morales to third . Matthews popped out to shortstop . Rivera walked . Rivera to second on fielder 's indifference . Kendrick doubled to deep center , Morales and Rivera scored . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Figgins lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Griffey Jr grounded out to second . Beltre struck out swinging . Branyan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Izturis walked . Abreu flied out to left . Hunter homered to right center , Izturis scored . Morales flied out to center . Napoli struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 9 - Angels 8 .	Branyan 's HR catapults   Mariners over Angels