Angels - Top 1st . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Figgins bunt grounded out to first . Aybar grounded out to third . Abreu flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Lackey pitching for Angels . Suzuki flied out to center . Lopez singled to left . Griffey Jr singled to center , Lopez to third . Balentien hit sacrifice fly to left , Lopez scored . Branyan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Hunter struck out swinging . Napoli singled to deep left , Napoli out stretching at second . Quinlan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Johjima reached on bunt single to third . Gutierrez singled to right , Johjima to second . Betancourt sacrificed to catcher , Johjima to third , Gutierrez to second . Cedeno sacrificed to catcher , Johjima scored , Gutierrez to third , Cedeno safe at third on throwing error by catcher Napoli . Gutierrez scored on throwing error by catcher Napoli . Suzuki flied out to right , Cedeno thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 3rd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Rivera walked . Morales popped out to shortstop . Kendrick grounded out to first , Rivera to second . Figgins doubled to deep left , Rivera scored . Aybar grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Lopez struck out looking . Griffey Jr fouled out to third . Balentien grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Hunter lined out to second . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Branyan homered to right . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . Gutierrez popped out to second . Betancourt popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Quinlan struck out swinging . Rivera homered to left . Morales singled to left . Kendrick doubled to deep right , Morales to third . Figgins struck out swinging . Aybar reached on infield single to shortstop , Morales scored , Kendrick to third . Abreu walked , Aybar to second . Hunter doubled to deep right , Kendrick , Aybar and Abreu scored . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Cedeno grounded out to second . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Lopez grounded out to pitcher , Suzuki to second . Griffey Jr singled to center , Suzuki scored . Balentien struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Matthews hit for Quinlan . Matthews struck out swinging . Rivera singled to right . Morales homered to center , Rivera scored . Kendrick struck out swinging . Figgins singled to right . Aybar grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Branyan doubled to deep right . Johjima grounded out to third , Branyan to third . Gutierrez hit sacrifice fly to left , Branyan scored . Betancourt lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Abreu walked . Hunter singled to center , Abreu to third . Hunter stole second . Napoli struck out swinging . Matthews popped out to shortstop . Rivera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Cedeno flied out to center . Suzuki flied out to right . Lopez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Stark pitching for Mariners . Morales homered to right . Kendrick struck out swinging . Figgins walked . Figgins caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Aybar reached on infield single to second . Abreu walked , Aybar to second . Aybar stole third . Abreu stole second . Hunter grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Griffey Jr grounded out to third . Balentien doubled to deep left . Branyan walked . Johjima lined out to center . Gutierrez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Stark pitching for Mariners . Napoli singled to right center . Matthews grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Napoli out at second . Rivera lined out to center . Morales safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt , Matthews to third . Kendrick singled to left , Matthews scored , Morales to second . Figgins flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Speier pitching for Angels . Betancourt fouled out to first . Cedeno grounded out to third . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Lopez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 10 - Mariners 6 .	Morales , Hunter help Lackey to win in rush start