Mariners - Top 1st . Palmer pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to left . Betancourt sacrificed to pitcher , Suzuki to second . Suzuki to third on wild pitch by Palmer . Beltre hit by pitch . Griffey Jr grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Beltre out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Figgins grounded out to first . Abreu grounded out to second . Guerrero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Palmer pitching for Angels . Branyan flied out to left . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Hunter struck out swinging . Morales flied out to right . Izturis singled to right . Matthews struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Palmer pitching for Angels . Chavez singled to right . Gutierrez flied out to right . Suzuki flied out to left . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Aybar grounded out to second . Mathis singled to center . Mathis to second on passed ball by Johnson . Figgins walked . Abreu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Figgins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Palmer pitching for Angels . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Griffey Jr grounded out to second . Branyan singled to center . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Guerrero struck out swinging . Hunter hit by pitch . Morales singled to right , Hunter to third . Izturis grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Morales out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Palmer pitching for Angels . Johnson flied out to center . Chavez flied out to center . Gutierrez lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Matthews flied out to left . Aybar popped out to second . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Palmer pitching for Angels . Suzuki flied out to left . Betancourt struck out swinging . Beltre singled to center . Griffey Jr flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Figgins reached on infield single to second . Abreu grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Figgins out at second . Guerrero struck out swinging , Guerrero safe at first on wild pitch by Hernandez . Hunter singled to center , Guerrero to second . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Palmer pitching for Angels . Branyan flied out to left . Lopez struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Izturis safe at first on error by first baseman Branyan . Matthews flied out to left . Aybar doubled to deep center , Izturis scored . Mathis flied out to center , Aybar to third . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Figgins lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 8th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Balentien hit for Chavez . Balentien grounded out to second . Gutierrez grounded out to third . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Balentien in left field . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Abreu flied out to right . Guerrero singled to left . Hunter singled to center , Guerrero to third , Hunter to second on throwing error by center fielder Gutierrez . Morales intentionally walked . Izturis grounded out to second , Guerrero scored , Hunter to third , Morales to second . Matthews singled to right , Hunter scored , Morales to third , Matthews out stretching at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Angels . Betancourt grounded out to third . Beltre singled to left center . Griffey Jr popped out to shortstop . Branyan singled to left center , Beltre to second . Lopez homered to left , Beltre and Branyan scored . Johnson popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Aybar singled to right . Mathis sacrificed to first , Aybar to second . Figgins grounded out to second , Aybar to third . Abreu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 10th . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Balentien doubled to left . Gutierrez sacrificed to pitcher , Balentien to third . Suzuki intentionally walked . Betancourt hit sacrifice fly to left , Balentien scored . Beltre singled to left , Suzuki to second . Griffey Jr lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 10th . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Guerrero singled to right center . Kendrick ran for Guerrero . Hunter grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Kendrick out at second . Morales flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 4 - Angels 3 .	Betancourt 's sac fly lifts M 's over Angels in 10th