Mariners - Top 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Suzuki doubled to right . Betancourt sacrificed to pitcher , Suzuki to third . Beltre singled to left , Suzuki scored . Griffey Jr flied out to center . Beltre stole second . Branyan hit by pitch . Lopez singled to center , Beltre scored , Branyan to third , Lopez to second advancing on throw . Quiroz fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Olson pitching for Mariners . Figgins flied out to right . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero doubled to deep left . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Chavez homered to right center . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to second . Betancourt grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Olson pitching for Mariners . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Quinlan struck out swinging . Napoli flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Beltre popped out to second . Griffey Jr walked . Branyan doubled to deep center , Griffey Jr to third . Lopez intentionally walked . Quiroz singled to right center , Griffey Jr and Branyan scored , Lopez to third . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lopez scored , Quiroz out at second . Chavez stole second . Gutierrez grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Olson pitching for Mariners . Kendrick grounded out to second . Aybar fouled out to third . Figgins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Suzuki singled to left . Betancourt grounded into double play , second to first , Suzuki out at second . Beltre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Olson pitching for Mariners . Abreu struck out swinging . Guerrero fouled out to first . Hunter flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Branyan walked . Lopez singled to center , Branyan to second . Quiroz flied out to center . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lopez out at second , Branyan to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Olson pitching for Mariners . Rivera flied out to center . Quinlan flied out to center . Napoli homered to left . Kendrick flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Santana pitching for Angels . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki homered to right center . Betancourt doubled to left . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Beltre singled to right , Betancourt to third . Griffey Jr hit sacrifice fly to center , Betancourt scored . Branyan grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Olson pitching for Mariners . Aybar hit by pitch . Figgins singled to right , Aybar to third . Abreu singled to center , Aybar scored , Figgins to third . Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to center , Figgins scored . Hunter homered to left , Abreu scored . Batista pitching for Mariners . Rivera doubled to left . Morales hit for Quinlan . Morales flied out to right . Napoli flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Morales at first base . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Lopez doubled to deep center . Bulger pitching for Angels . Quiroz sacrificed to first , Lopez to third . Chavez flied out to left . Gutierrez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Kendrick grounded out to third . Aybar struck out looking . Figgins singled to right . Figgins stole second . Abreu singled to deep right , Figgins scored . White pitching for Mariners . Abreu to second on wild pitch by White . Guerrero struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Bulger pitching for Angels . Suzuki doubled to right . Betancourt sacrificed to pitcher , Suzuki to third . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at home . Griffey Jr doubled to deep right , Beltre thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . White pitching for Mariners . Hunter grounded out to second . Rivera reached on infield single to shortstop . Morales flied out to left . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Speier pitching for Angels . Branyan walked . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Branyan out at second . Quiroz struck out swinging . Chavez reached on infield single to shortstop , Lopez to second . Gutierrez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Izturis hit for Kendrick . Izturis walked . Aybar flied out to left . Figgins walked , Izturis to second . Abreu flied out to left . Guerrero doubled to right , Izturis scored , Figgins to third . Hunter intentionally walked . Matthews ran for Guerrero . Rivera walked , Figgins scored , Matthews to third , Hunter to second . Morales singled to left , Matthews scored , Hunter to third , Rivera to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Angels 9 .	Angels come from 7 behind , beat M 's in 9th