Rockies - Top 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Fowler struck out swinging . Spilborghs grounded out to second . Helton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Figgins singled to left center . Abreu walked , Figgins to second . Hunter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Abreu out at second , Figgins to third . Guerrero doubled to deep center , Figgins scored . Rivera walked . Morales singled to right , Guerrero scored , Rivera to second , Rivera to third advancing on throw . Izturis singled to right center , Rivera scored , Morales to second . Morales to third , Izturis to second on balk by Marquis . Mathis fouled out to catcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Atkins singled to left . Hawpe walked , Atkins to second . Tulowitzki flied out to center , Atkins to third , Hawpe to second . Iannetta struck out swinging . Stewart grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Aybar singled to right . Aybar stole second . Figgins flied out to right , Aybar to third . Abreu doubled to left , Aybar scored . Abreu stole third . Hunter struck out swinging . Guerrero homered to left center , Abreu scored . Rivera grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Barmes struck out swinging . Fowler lined out to center . Spilborghs flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Morales struck out swinging . Izturis grounded out to second . Mathis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Helton flied out to center . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . Hawpe grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Marquis pitching for Rockies . Aybar safe at first on error by first baseman Helton . Figgins singled to right , Aybar to third . Abreu struck out swinging . Figgins stole second . Hunter reached on infield single to third , Aybar scored , Figgins to third . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Figgins scored , Hunter to second on wild pitch by Fogg . Guerrero fouled out to first . Rivera popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 5th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Iannetta reached on infield single to shortstop . Stewart struck out swinging . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Morales grounded out to second . Izturis flied out to right . Mathis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Fowler flied out to right . Spilborghs struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Aybar walked . Figgins singled to center , Aybar to second . Abreu walked , Aybar to third , Figgins to second . Hunter hit sacrifice fly to center , Aybar scored , Figgins to third . Guerrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Abreu out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Atkins homered to center . Hawpe singled to right . Speier pitching for Angels . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Iannetta struck out looking . Stewart struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Rincon pitching for Rockies . Rivera flied out to right . Morales walked . Izturis flied out to center . Mathis fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Barmes flied out to right . Fowler tripled to deep right , Fowler scored on throwing error by second baseman Izturis . Spilborghs reached on infield single to third . Helton walked , Spilborghs to second . Atkins singled to left , Spilborghs scored , Helton thrown out at third , Atkins to second advancing on throw . Hawpe singled to right , Atkins thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Quintanilla at shortstop . Embree pitching for Rockies . Aybar struck out swinging . Figgins walked . Abreu homered to right center , Figgins scored . Hunter grounded out to second . Flores pitching for Rockies . Guerrero flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Rodriguez in center field . Quinlan in left field . Oliver pitching for Angels . Quintanilla struck out swinging . Iannetta flied out to right . Stewart grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 3 - Angels 11 .	Vlad ends homerless streak in Angels ' victory