Orioles - Top 1st . O'Sullivan pitching for Angels . Roberts flied out to left . Jones singled to center . Markakis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Berken pitching for Orioles . Figgins struck out swinging . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Hunter singled to center . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . O'Sullivan pitching for Angels . Huff grounded out to shortstop . Scott singled to right . Wigginton grounded out to third , Scott to second . Mora struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Berken pitching for Orioles . Rivera struck out looking . Morales singled to right . Izturis singled to center , Morales to second . Napoli flied out to right , Morales to third . Kendrick lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . O'Sullivan pitching for Angels . Zaun doubled to deep right . Andino reached on infield single to shortstop , Zaun to third . Roberts doubled to deep right , Zaun scored , Andino to third . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop , Andino scored , Roberts to third . Markakis hit sacrifice fly to right , Roberts scored . Jones stole second . Huff grounded out to first , Jones to third . Scott lined out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Berken pitching for Orioles . Figgins lined out to shortstop . Abreu singled to center . Hunter flied out to right . Guerrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . O'Sullivan pitching for Angels . Wigginton flied out to right . Mora lined out to second . Zaun flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Rivera walked . Morales flied out to left . Izturis grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Rivera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . O'Sullivan pitching for Angels . Andino grounded out to third . Roberts hit ground rule double to deep right . Jones singled to left , Roberts scored . Markakis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Napoli singled to left . Kendrick singled to right , Napoli to second . Figgins grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Napoli to third , Kendrick safe at second on error by second baseman Roberts . Abreu singled to left , Napoli scored , Kendrick to third , Figgins to second . Albers pitching for Orioles . Hunter grounded out to third , Kendrick scored , Figgins to third , Abreu to second . Guerrero singled to center , Figgins scored , Abreu to third . Rivera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Guerrero out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 6th . O'Sullivan pitching for Angels . Huff lined out to right . Scott struck out swinging . Wigginton doubled to left . Bulger pitching for Angels . Mora grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Albers pitching for Orioles . Morales flied out to center . Izturis singled to left . Napoli struck out swinging . Kendrick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Bulger pitching for Angels . Zaun popped out to shortstop . Andino struck out swinging . Roberts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Baez pitching for Orioles . Figgins singled to left . Abreu singled to right center , Figgins to third . Hunter walked , Abreu to second . Guerrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Figgins scored , Hunter out at second , Abreu to third . Rivera singled to right , Abreu scored . Morales grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Jones struck out swinging . Markakis flied out to center . Huff struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Bass pitching for Orioles . Izturis singled to center . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Izturis to third . Kendrick struck out swinging . Figgins doubled to deep right , Izturis scored , Napoli to third . Abreu intentionally walked . Hunter singled to left , Napoli and Figgins scored , Abreu to third . Guerrero homered to left , Abreu and Hunter scored . Rivera lined out to shortstop . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Morales singled to left . Izturis grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 9th . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Scott walked . Wigginton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Scott out at second . Mora grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 4 - Angels 11 .	Six - run eighth secures Angels ' defeat of Orioles