Indians - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Angels . Cabrera flied out to left . Valbuena singled to right . Choo singled to right , Valbuena to second . Martinez walked , Valbuena to third , Choo to second . Peralta hit sacrifice fly to left , Valbuena scored . Hafner fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Huff pitching for Indians . Figgins grounded out to third . Aybar bunt grounded out to third . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Francisco homered to left . Gimenez grounded out to third . Marte popped out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Huff pitching for Indians . Rivera grounded out to third . Napoli singled to left . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Napoli out at second . Morales grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Valbuena singled to right . Valbuena caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Choo struck out swinging . Martinez walked . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Huff pitching for Indians . Matthews doubled to deep left . Quinlan singled to center , Matthews scored . Figgins singled to center , Quinlan to second . Aybar doubled to deep center , Quinlan scored , Figgins thrown out at home , Aybar to third advancing on throw . Abreu singled to center , Aybar scored . Rivera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Abreu out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Hafner walked . Francisco singled to right , Hafner to third , Francisco out stretching at second . Gimenez hit sacrifice fly to center , Hafner scored . Marte reached on infield single to second . Cabrera doubled to right , Marte to third . Valbuena flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Huff pitching for Indians . Napoli flied out to right . Kendrick flied out to center . Morales doubled to right center . Matthews flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Choo grounded out to first . Martinez flied out to left . Peralta homered to left . Hafner flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Huff pitching for Indians . Quinlan flied out to center . Figgins safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera . Aybar flied out to left . Figgins caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Abreu batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Palmer pitching for Angels . Francisco grounded out to third . Gimenez grounded out to first . Marte singled to right . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Marte out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Huff pitching for Indians . Abreu walked . Rivera popped out to shortstop . Napoli walked , Abreu to second . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop , Abreu to third , Napoli to second . Morales popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Palmer pitching for Angels . Valbuena struck out swinging . Choo walked . Martinez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Huff pitching for Indians . Matthews flied out to right . Quinlan grounded out to shortstop . Figgins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Willits in left field . Palmer pitching for Angels . Peralta grounded out to third . Hafner safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Figgins . Francisco grounded out to third . Gimenez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Huff pitching for Indians . Aybar reached on infield single to shortstop . Abreu walked , Aybar to second . Smith pitching for Indians . Rivera singled to left , Aybar scored , Abreu to second . Napoli grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rivera out at second , Abreu to third . Izturis hit for Kendrick . Sipp pitching for Indians . Izturis walked . Morales walked , Izturis to second . Matthews doubled to deep left , Abreu , Izturis and Morales scored . Willits flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Izturis at second base . Fuentes pitching for Angels . Marte walked . Cabrera doubled to deep right center , Marte to third . Carroll hit for Valbuena . Carroll singled to center , Marte scored , Cabrera to third . Choo walked , Carroll to second . Bulger pitching for Angels . Martinez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Cabrera scored , Choo out at second , Carroll to third . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 6 - Angels 7 .	Matthews ' 3 - run double lifts Angels over Tribe