Angels - Top 1st . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Figgins walked . Figgins caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Izturis walked . Abreu struck out swinging . Guerrero singled to left , Izturis to third , Izturis scored , Guerrero to second on throwing error by left fielder Pie . Rivera doubled to deep center , Guerrero scored , Rivera out stretching at third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Angels . Roberts doubled to right . Jones walked . Markakis struck out swinging . Huff doubled to deep center , Roberts and Jones scored . Reimold walked . Wieters struck out swinging . Mora singled to center , Huff scored , Reimold to third . Pie doubled to deep right , Reimold scored , Mora to third . Izturis singled to left , Mora and Pie scored . Roberts singled to right , Izturis to third . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Roberts out at second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Morales grounded out to shortstop . Aybar flied out to right . Napoli grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Markakis popped out to shortstop . Huff struck out swinging . Reimold doubled to deep left center . Wieters grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Matthews struck out looking . Figgins flied out to left . Izturis popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Mora flied out to center . Pie homered to right . Izturis popped out to shortstop . Roberts grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Abreu homered to center . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Rivera doubled to deep left center . Morales singled to right , Rivera to third . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rivera out at home , Morales to second , Morales to third advancing on throw . Napoli struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Jones singled to center . Jones to second on wild pitch by Weaver . Markakis flied out to center , Jones to third . Huff intentionally walked . Reimold walked , Huff to second . Palmer pitching for Angels . Wieters hit sacrifice fly to left , Jones scored . Mora walked , Huff to third , Reimold to second . Pie struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Matthews grounded out to pitcher . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Izturis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Palmer pitching for Angels . Izturis doubled to center . Roberts doubled to deep right , Izturis scored . Jones struck out swinging . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . Huff singled to right , Roberts thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Abreu flied out to left . Guerrero singled to deep left center . Rivera grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Guerrero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Loux pitching for Angels . Reimold grounded out to shortstop . Wieters flied out to left . Mora grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Morales grounded out to first . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . Napoli singled to left . Albers pitching for Orioles . Matthews doubled to right , Napoli scored . Figgins singled to right , Matthews scored . Izturis flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Loux pitching for Angels . Pie reached on infield single to shortstop . Izturis tripled to deep right , Pie scored . Roberts doubled to deep right , Izturis scored . Jones doubled to left center , Roberts scored . Markakis doubled to deep left , Jones scored . Huff hit by pitch . Reimold struck out looking . Wieters singled to left , Markakis scored , Huff to second . Mora flied out to center , Huff to third . Pie tripled to deep right center , Huff and Wieters scored . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Izturis grounded out to first . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Albers pitching for Orioles . Abreu doubled to deep center . Willits ran for Abreu . Guerrero grounded out to third . Rivera doubled to deep left , Willits scored . Quinlan ran for Rivera . Morales struck out swinging . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Willits in right field . Quinlan in left field . Arredondo pitching for Angels . Roberts grounded out to second . Jones flied out to center . Markakis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Ray pitching for Orioles . Napoli singled to left . Kendrick hit for Matthews . Kendrick struck out swinging . Mathis hit for Figgins . Mathis flied out to right . Izturis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 6 - Orioles 16 .	Pie hits for cycle in Orioles romp over Angels