Angels - Top 1st . Kilby pitching for Athletics . Figgins grounded out to second . Abreu struck out swinging . Hunter walked . Rivera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Davis flied out to center . Ellis flied out to left . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Kilby pitching for Athletics . Morales lined out to left . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Matthews flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Garciaparra singled to left . Crosby singled to left , Garciaparra to second . Barton walked , Garciaparra to third , Crosby to second . Carson hit sacrifice fly to left , Garciaparra scored , Barton tagged out at second , Crosby to third . Patterson singled to left center , Crosby scored . Patterson stole second . Pennington struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Napoli homered to right . Aybar singled to left . Figgins singled to center , Aybar to second . Abreu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Figgins out at second , Aybar to third . Hunter flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Ellis grounded out to third . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Rivera walked . Morales popped out to second . Gray pitching for Athletics . Kendrick flied out to center . Matthews grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Garciaparra walked . Crosby grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Garciaparra out at second . Barton singled to right . Carson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Napoli hit by pitch . Aybar reached on infield single to shortstop , Napoli to second , Napoli to third , Aybar to second on throwing error by shortstop Pennington . Figgins struck out swinging . Abreu grounded out to shortstop , Napoli scored , Aybar to third . Hunter doubled to left , Aybar scored . Rivera singled to right , Hunter to third . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Morales singled to left , Hunter scored , Rivera to second . Kendrick struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Patterson singled to center . Pennington grounded into double play , third to second to first , Patterson out at second . Davis doubled to left . Ellis lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics . Matthews flied out to right . Napoli singled to center . Aybar singled to center , Napoli to third . Napoli scored , Aybar to second on balk by Breslow . Figgins struck out swinging . Mathis hit for Abreu . Mathis grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Sandoval at third base . Evans in center field . Willits in left field . Pettit in right field . Wood at shortstop . Santana pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to second . Garciaparra singled to center . Kennedy hit for Crosby . Kennedy grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Garciaparra out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Kennedy at third base . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Willits walked . Pettit grounded into double play , third to second to first , Willits out at second . Morales flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Quinlan at first base . Santana pitching for Angels . Barton struck out looking . Carson reached on infield single to shortstop . Patterson struck out swinging . Pennington singled to right , Carson to second . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Kendrick struck out swinging . Wood struck out swinging . Napoli flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Ellis struck out looking . Suzuki singled to left . Garciaparra struck out swinging . Kennedy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Evans lined out to center . Sandoval lined out to third . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Barton singled to left . Cust hit for Carson . Cust grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Barton out at second , Cust to second on throwing error by shortstop Wood . Patterson grounded out to shortstop , Cust to third . Pennington singled to right , Cust scored . Davis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Angels 5 - Athletics 3 .	Angels sweep A 's to close out regular season