Royals - Top 1st . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Aoki singled to right . Hosmer singled to right , Aoki to third . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Aoki scored , Hosmer out at second . Perez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Butler out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Royals . Saunders grounded out to third . Romero grounded out to third . Cano grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Gordon flied out to center . Giavotella singled to right . Cain singled to center , Giavotella to second . Moustakas grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Cain out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Royals . Hart struck out swinging . Smoak grounded out to third . Bloomquist struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Escobar singled to right . Escobar stole second . Aoki sacrificed to third , Escobar to third . Hosmer hit sacrifice fly to left , Escobar scored . Butler grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Royals . Ackley lined out to left . Zunino reached on infield single to shortstop . Miller grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Zunino out at second . Saunders popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Perez singled to shallow right . Gordon reached on infield single to third , Perez to second . Giavotella grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Perez scored on throwing error by shortstop Miller , Gordon safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Miller . Cain grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gordon scored , Giavotella out at second . Moustakas grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Royals . Romero struck out swinging . Cano grounded out to second . Hart grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Escobar lined out to right . Aoki grounded out to pitcher . Hosmer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Royals . Smoak lined out to right . Bloomquist lined out to center . Ackley singled to center . Zunino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Butler singled to left . Perez singled to left center , Butler to second . Gordon flied out to center , Butler to third . Giavotella grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Butler scored , Perez out at second . Cain flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Vargas pitching for Royals . Miller struck out swinging . Saunders lined out to center . Romero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Moustakas flied out to left . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . Aoki singled to left . Hosmer singled to right , Aoki to third . Butler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Vargas pitching for Royals . Cano singled to right center . Hart hit by pitch , Cano to second . Smoak lined out to right . Bloomquist lined out to center . Ackley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hart out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Perez singled to right center . Gordon singled to left , Perez to second . Giavotella flied out to center . Cain singled to center , Perez scored , Gordon to second . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Moustakas flied out to right . Escobar walked , Gordon to third , Cain to second . Aoki lined out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Crow pitching for Royals . Hayes catching . Zunino grounded out to third . Miller walked . Saunders flied out to left . Jones hit for Romero . Jones doubled to right , Miller to third , Miller scored , Jones to third on throwing error by right fielder Aoki . Cano lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 9th . Saunders in right field . Jones in center field . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Hosmer singled to left . Butler struck out swinging . Hayes lined out to left . Gordon singled to right , Hosmer to second . Hosmer to third , Gordon to second on wild pitch by Wilhelmsen . Giavotella struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Collins pitching for Royals . Hart walked . Smoak singled to center , Hart to second . Bloomquist lined out to right . Ackley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Smoak out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Mariners 1 .	Royals get 16 singles in 6 - 1 win over Seattle