Royals - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . Infante flied out to left . Hosmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Ventura pitching for Royals . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler grounded out to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Butler doubled to deep right . Gordon homered to right ( 414 feet ) , Butler scored . Perez walked . Moustakas homered to right ( 371 feet ) , Perez scored . Escobar singled to right center . Dyson reached on bunt single to pitcher , Escobar to second . Aoki singled to right , Escobar to third , Dyson to second . Infante singled to center , Escobar and Dyson scored , Aoki to third . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher , Aoki scored , Infante to second . Butler grounded out to third . Gordon struck out looking . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Cain in right field . Ventura pitching for Royals . Martinez singled to center . Martinez doubled to deep left , Martinez to third . Castellanos safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar , Martinez scored . Jackson singled to center , Martinez scored , Castellanos to second . Avila struck out looking . Suarez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jackson out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Perez grounded out to third . Moustakas struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Ventura pitching for Royals . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kinsler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Dyson struck out looking . Cain hit by pitch . Infante struck out swinging . Hosmer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Ventura pitching for Royals . Martinez singled to right . Martinez flied out to right . Castellanos lined into double play , to first , Martinez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Butler singled to center . Gordon doubled to deep right , Butler to third . Perez singled to left , Butler scored . Coke pitching for Tigers . Moustakas grounded out to first , Gordon to third , Perez to second . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gordon out at home . Dyson singled to left , Perez scored , Escobar to second . Cain reached on infield single to third , Escobar to third , Dyson to second . Infante walked , Escobar scored , Dyson to third , Cain to second . Hosmer lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Ventura pitching for Royals . Jackson grounded out to third . Avila walked . Avila to second on passed ball by Perez . Suarez singled to left , Avila to third . Davis reached on bunt single to pitcher , Suarez to second . Kinsler flied out to left . Cabrera walked , Avila scored , Suarez to third , Davis to second . Suarez out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Martinez batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Reed pitching for Tigers . Butler walked . Gordon struck out swinging . Perez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Butler out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Ventura pitching for Royals . Martinez struck out swinging . Martinez singled to right . Castellanos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez out at second . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Reed pitching for Tigers . Moustakas grounded out to shortstop . Escobar singled to center . Dyson grounded out to second , Escobar to second . Cain singled to center , Escobar scored . Infante walked , Cain to second . Hosmer grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Ventura pitching for Royals . Avila grounded out to second . Suarez grounded out to shortstop . Davis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Butler struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to first . Perez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Hayes catching . Coleman pitching for Royals . Kinsler homered to left ( 365 feet ) . Cabrera walked . Martinez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . Martinez singled to center . Castellanos grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Romine at second base . Kelly at first base . Holaday catching . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Moustakas grounded out to second . Escobar singled to left . Dyson grounded into double play , second to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Crow pitching for Royals . Jackson flied out to center . Holaday struck out swinging . Suarez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 11 - Tigers 4 .	Royals take 1st with 9th straight win