Royals - Top 1st . House pitching for Indians . Cain doubled to right . Cain stole third . Hosmer grounded out to first , Cain scored . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Bourn struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to center . Brantley singled to left . Santana singled to right , Brantley to second . Kipnis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . House pitching for Indians . Infante singled to right . Butler singled to right center , Infante to second . Valencia lined out to right . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Butler out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Chisenhall singled to right . Swisher struck out swinging . Murphy flied out to center . Kottaras struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . House pitching for Indians . Dyson struck out swinging . Cain lined out to shortstop . Hosmer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Bourn homered to right ( 371 feet ) . Cabrera flied out to right . Brantley singled to right . Santana flied out to center . Kipnis doubled to deep left center , Brantley scored . Chisenhall singled to left , Kipnis scored . Swisher struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . House pitching for Indians . Perez grounded out to second . Gordon grounded out to first . Infante flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . Kottaras struck out swinging . Bourn walked . Cabrera singled to center , Bourn to second . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . House pitching for Indians . Butler singled to right . Valencia singled to center , Butler thrown out at third , Valencia to second advancing on throw . Escobar flied out to right , Valencia to third . Dyson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Santana singled to right . Kipnis singled to center , Santana to second . Chisenhall walked , Santana to third , Kipnis to second . Swisher singled to deep right , Santana and Kipnis scored , Chisenhall to third . Bueno pitching for Royals . Murphy singled to left , Chisenhall scored , Swisher to second . Kottaras struck out swinging . Bourn grounded out to first , Swisher to third , Murphy to second . Cabrera flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . House pitching for Indians . Cain grounded out to shortstop . Hosmer singled to right . Perez singled to right , Hosmer to second . Gordon singled to left , Hosmer to third , Perez to second . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hosmer scored , Gordon out at second , Perez to third . Butler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Bueno pitching for Royals . Brantley grounded out to second . Santana grounded out to third . Kipnis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . House pitching for Indians . Valencia homered to left center ( 406 feet ) . Escobar struck out swinging . Dyson grounded out to second . Shaw pitching for Indians . Cain flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Bueno pitching for Royals . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . Murphy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Hosmer flied out to center . Perez grounded out to second . Gordon walked . Infante singled to deep left , Gordon to third . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Infante out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Coleman pitching for Royals . Kottaras grounded out to shortstop . Bourn walked . Cabrera singled to center , Bourn to second . Brantley singled to right , Bourn scored , Cabrera thrown out at third , Brantley to second advancing on throw . Santana grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Aviles in left field . Brantley in center field . Allen pitching for Indians . Valencia singled to center . Escobar singled to center , Valencia to second . Valencia to third on wild pitch by Allen . Escobar stole second . Dyson walked . Cain struck out swinging . Hosmer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dyson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 3 - Indians 7 .	House records 1st major - league win for Indians