Athletics - Top 1st . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Fuld singled to center . Jaso singled to right , Fuld to second . Donaldson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fuld out at third , Jaso to second . Moss doubled to deep center , Jaso scored , Donaldson thrown out at home . Norris struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Lester pitching for Athletics . Aoki lined out to shortstop . Infante struck out looking . Perez walked . Butler flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Vogt flied out to left . Reddick grounded out to first . Callaspo lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Lester pitching for Athletics . Gordon struck out looking . Willingham doubled to deep left . Moustakas struck out swinging . Cain struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Sogard grounded out to second . Fuld safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Jaso struck out swinging . Donaldson singled to right , Fuld scored , Donaldson to second advancing on throw . Moss singled to left , Donaldson scored . Norris struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Lester pitching for Athletics . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . Aoki reached on infield single to shortstop . Infante flied out to right . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Aoki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Vogt singled to left . Reddick singled to right , Vogt to third . Callaspo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vogt scored , Reddick out at second . Sogard lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Lester pitching for Athletics . Butler struck out swinging . Gordon struck out swinging . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Fuld singled to right . Jaso singled to center , Fuld to third . Donaldson hit sacrifice fly to center , Fuld scored . Moss reached on bunt single to pitcher , Jaso to second . Norris struck out swinging . Vogt singled to left , Jaso scored , Moss to second . Crow pitching for Royals . Reddick flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Lester pitching for Athletics . Moustakas walked . Cain doubled to deep left , Moustakas to third . Escobar hit sacrifice fly to right , Moustakas scored , Cain to third . Aoki reached on infield single to shortstop , Cain scored , Aoki to second on throwing error by shortstop Sogard . Infante grounded out to shortstop , Aoki to third . Perez doubled to deep left , Aoki scored . Butler struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 6th . Chen pitching for Royals . Callaspo struck out swinging . Sogard bunt grounded out to second . Fuld reached on infield single to third . Jaso grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Lester pitching for Athletics . Gordon singled to center . Willingham grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gordon out at second . Moustakas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Chen pitching for Royals . Donaldson homered to center ( 413 feet ) . Moss struck out looking . Norris flied out to center . Vogt flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Cook pitching for Athletics . Cain struck out swinging . Escobar flied out to center . Aoki struck out bunting foul . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Chen pitching for Royals . Reddick singled to right . Callaspo doubled to deep left , Reddick to third . Sogard singled to center , Reddick and Callaspo scored , Sogard to second advancing on throw . Fuld flied out to center , Sogard to third . Gomes hit for Jaso . Gomes hit sacrifice fly to left , Sogard scored . Donaldson homered to center ( 425 feet ) . Moss singled to left . Norris flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Otero pitching for Athletics . Colon hit for Infante . Colon grounded out to first . Kratz hit for Perez . Kratz grounded out to pitcher . Butler reached on infield single to third . Ibanez hit for Gordon . Ibanez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Colon at second base . Kratz catching . Ibanez in left field . Chen pitching for Royals . Vogt flied out to right . Reddick singled to shallow right . Callaspo singled to left , Reddick to second . Sogard grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Callaspo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Otero pitching for Athletics . Willingham struck out looking . Moustakas grounded out to second . Cain grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 11 - Royals 3 .	Lester , A 's end Royals ' streak at 8