Cubs - Top 1st. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Castro grounded out to second. Barney grounded out to third. Baker singled to left. Ramirez singled to left, Baker to second. Pena flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Davis pitching for Cubs. Ellsbury reached on infield single to shortstop. Ellsbury to second on passed ball by Hill. Pedroia walked. Ellsbury stole third, Pedroia stole second, Ellsbury scored, Pedroia safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hill. Gonzalez singled to left, Pedroia scored. Youkilis doubled to center, Gonzalez to third. Ortiz flied out to center. Lowrie lined out to left. Cameron grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 2nd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Byrd hit by pitch. Soriano singled to center, Byrd to second. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Soriano out at second, Byrd to third. Hill lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Davis pitching for Cubs. Crawford struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia popped out to second. Ellsbury grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Castro grounded out to third. Barney hit ground rule double to right. Baker singled to center, Barney to third. Ramirez doubled to center, Barney scored, Baker to third. Pena grounded out to shortstop, Baker scored, Ramirez to third. Byrd struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Davis pitching for Cubs. Pedroia walked. Gonzalez singled to deep center, Pedroia to third. Youkilis hit sacrifice fly to right, Pedroia scored. Ortiz doubled to deep left center, Gonzalez thrown out at home, Ortiz to third advancing on throw. Lowrie singled to left, Ortiz scored. Cameron struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Soriano struck out swinging. Johnson singled to left. Hill walked, Johnson to second. Castro struck out swinging. Barney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Davis pitching for Cubs. Crawford flied out to right. Saltalamacchia walked. Ellsbury struck out looking. Pedroia doubled to left, Saltalamacchia to third. Gonzalez singled to right, Saltalamacchia and Pedroia scored. Maine pitching for Cubs. Youkilis homered to left (398 feet), Gonzalez scored. Ortiz safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Castro. Lowrie singled to left, Ortiz to third. Cameron walked, Lowrie to second. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 5th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Baker singled to right. Ramirez popped out to first. Pena walked, Baker to second. Byrd struck out swinging. Soriano reached on infield single to shortstop, Baker to third, Pena to second, Baker scored, Pena to third, Soriano to second on throwing error by shortstop Lowrie. Johnson doubled to left, Pena and Soriano scored. Hill grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Maine pitching for Cubs. Saltalamacchia homered to left center (419 feet). Ellsbury doubled to deep right center. Pedroia singled to left, Ellsbury to third. Russell pitching for Cubs. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ellsbury scored, Pedroia out at second. Youkilis doubled to right. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 6th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Castro struck out swinging. Barney lined out to third. Baker singled to center. Ramirez singled to left, Baker to third. Pena grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Russell pitching for Cubs. Lowrie flied out to right. Cameron flied out to right. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Byrd hit by pitch. Soriano struck out swinging. Johnson flied out to center. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Russell pitching for Cubs. Saltalamacchia singled to left, Saltalamacchia to second on error by left fielder Soriano. Ellsbury popped out to shortstop. Pedroia struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 8th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Castro grounded out to pitcher. Barney grounded out to second. Baker flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Youkilis safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Castro. Ortiz doubled to deep center, Youkilis to third. Lowrie fouled out to third. Cameron walked. Crawford singled to right, Youkilis and Ortiz scored, Cameron to third. Saltalamacchia walked, Crawford to second. Ellsbury singled to deep center, Cameron and Crawford scored, Saltalamacchia to second. Pedroia struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to center, Saltalamacchia scored, Ellsbury to third. Youkilis flied out to center. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 9th. Sutton at second base. McDonald in left field. Campana hit for Ramirez. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Campana struck out looking. Pena grounded out to third. DeWitt hit for Byrd. DeWitt flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 5 - Red Sox 15.	Red Sox blast Cubs for 7th win in row \n