Giants - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Durham singled to shallow center. Snow reached on infield single to first, Durham to second. Tucker popped out to shortstop. Bonds grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Snow out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Tomko pitching for Giants. Biggio lined out to left. Everett grounded out to shortstop. Bagwell walked. Kent singled to left, Bagwell to second. Berkman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Alfonzo grounded out to pitcher. Pierzynski fouled out to third. Grissom struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Tomko pitching for Giants. Hidalgo reached on infield single to third. Lamb singled to right, Hidalgo to second. Ausmus reached on infield single to pitcher, Hidalgo to third, Lamb to second. Pettitte struck out looking. Biggio walked, Hidalgo scored, Lamb to third, Ausmus to second. Everett struck out swinging. Bagwell struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Perez lined out to left. Tomko struck out bunting foul. Durham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Perez out at second. Snow struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Tomko pitching for Giants. Kent singled to center. Berkman grounded out to first. Hidalgo grounded out to third, Kent to third. Lamb flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Tucker grounded out to second. Bonds fouled out to third. Alfonzo singled to center. Pierzynski singled to right, Alfonzo to second. Grissom walked, Alfonzo to third, Pierzynski to second. Perez doubled to left, Alfonzo, Pierzynski and Grissom scored. Tomko grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Tomko pitching for Giants. Ausmus grounded out to shortstop. Pettitte flied out to center. Biggio struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Durham doubled to left. Snow grounded out to first, Durham to third. Durham scored on Ausmus' passed ball. Tucker safe at second on error by second baseman Kent. Bonds intentionally walked. Alfonzo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bonds out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 5th. Tomko pitching for Giants. Everett reached on infield single to shortstop. Brower pitching for Giants. Bagwell singled to center, Everett to second. Kent singled to center, Everett scored, Bagwell to second. Berkman walked, Bagwell to third, Kent to second. Hidalgo lined out to shortstop. Lamb hit sacrifice fly to center, Bagwell scored. Ausmus reached on infield single to third, Kent to third, Berkman to second. Pettitte struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Pierzynski popped out to shortstop. Grissom reached on infield single to third. Feliz hit for Brower. Perez doubled to deep center, Grissom scored. Miceli pitching for Astros. Feliz singled to shallow left, Perez scored. Durham struck out swinging. Aardsma pitching for Giants. Snow grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Aardsma pitching for Giants. Biggio grounded out to first. Everett singled to center. Bagwell singled to center, Everett to second. Kent grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bagwell out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Miceli pitching for Astros. Tucker grounded out to pitcher. Bonds singled to shallow center. Alfonzo popped out to third. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Aardsma pitching for Giants. Berkman walked. Hidalgo lined out to second. Lamb singled to center, Berkman to second. Vizcaino hit for Miceli. Ausmus lined out to second. Duckworth pitching for Astros. Vizcaino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Duckworth pitching for Astros. Grissom singled to right center. Torcato hit for Aardsma. Perez reached on infield single to second, Grissom to second. Torcato walked, Grissom to third, Perez to second. Durham singled to left, Grissom scored, Perez to third, Torcato to second. Snow struck out looking. Tucker struck out swinging. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Bonds flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Biggio struck out swinging. Everett hit by pitch. Bagwell hit by pitch, Everett to second. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Kent fouled out to first. Herges pitching for Giants. Mohr in right field. Berkman walked, Everett to third, Bagwell to second. Hidalgo singled to left, Everett and Bagwell scored, Berkman to second. Lidge pitching for Astros. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hidalgo out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Lidge pitching for Astros. Alfonzo struck out swinging. Pierzynski grounded out to third. Grissom grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Palmeiro hit for Lidge. Herges pitching for Giants. Ausmus struck out looking. Palmeiro singled to right. Biggio flied out to center. Everett reached on infield single to second, Palmeiro to second. Bagwell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 7 - Astros 5.	Astros' Pettitte solves Bonds but not Perez