Marlins - Top 1st. Correia pitching for Giants. Pierre doubled to right. Castillo grounded out to first, Pierre to third. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left, Pierre scored. Lowell walked. Choi walked, Lowell to second. Cordero walked, Lowell to third, Choi to second. Redmond doubled to center, Lowell, Choi and Cordero scored. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Willis pitching for Marlins. Hammonds homered to left. Dallimore walked. Grissom singled to right, Grissom out at second, Dallimore to third. Bonds intentionally walked. Alfonzo grounded out to pitcher, Dallimore scored, Bonds to second. Feliz flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Correia pitching for Giants. Willis doubled to right. Pierre sacrificed to pitcher, Willis to third, Pierre safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Dallimore. Pierre to first on throwing error by third baseman Dallimore. Castillo singled to right, Willis scored, Pierre to third. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Pierre scored. Lowell singled to right, Castillo to second. Choi homered to right, Castillo and Lowell scored. Cordero grounded out to shortstop. Redmond grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Perez walked. Torrealba doubled to deep right, Perez to third. Mohr hit for Correia. Mohr hit by pitch. Hammonds singled to left, Perez scored, Torrealba to third, Mohr to second. Dallimore homered to left, Torrealba, Mohr and Hammonds scored. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Grissom singled to left. Bonds walked, Grissom to second. Alfonzo singled to left, Grissom to third, Bonds to second. Feliz singled to left, Grissom and Bonds scored, Alfonzo to second. Bump pitching for Marlins. Perez sacrificed to pitcher, Alfonzo to third, Feliz to second. Torrealba walked. Mohr fouled out to third. Walker pitching for Giants. Hammonds grounded into fielder's choice to second, Torrealba out at second. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 3rd. Walker pitching for Giants. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Bump struck out swinging. Pierre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Bump pitching for Marlins. Dallimore singled to center. Grissom singled to right center, Dallimore to second. Bonds grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Grissom out at second, Dallimore to third. Alfonzo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Walker pitching for Giants. Castillo grounded out to first. Cabrera grounded out to first. Lowell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Feliz grounded out to third. Perez flied out to right. Torrealba grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Walker pitching for Giants. Choi flied out to left. Cordero singled to left. Cruz hit for Walker. Redmond grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cordero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Cruz singled to center. Hammonds popped out to shortstop. Dallimore singled to left, Cruz to second. Perisho pitching for Marlins. Castro catching. Grissom singled to left, Cruz to third, Dallimore to second. Bonds walked, Cruz scored, Dallimore to third, Grissom to second. Alfonzo singled to left, Dallimore scored, Grissom to third, Bonds to second. Feliz hit sacrifice fly to center, Grissom scored, Bonds to third. Brower pitching for Giants. Perez fouled out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Brower pitching for Giants. Gonzalez flied out to right. Castro struck out swinging. Pierre singled to right. Pierre picked off first. Castillo batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Perisho pitching for Marlins. Torrealba struck out swinging. Brower singled to left. Hammonds flied out to center. Dallimore hit by pitch, Brower to second. Grissom grounded into fielder's choice to second, Dallimore out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Brower pitching for Giants. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera struck out swinging. Lowell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Perisho pitching for Marlins. Bonds flied out to left. Alfonzo grounded out to second. Snow at first base. Feliz at third base. Feliz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Brower pitching for Giants. Choi walked. Harris hit for Perisho. Eyre pitching for Giants. Nunez ran for Cordero. Easley hit for Harris. Cordero singled to right, Choi to third. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Easley struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to right. Nunez in left field. Easley at shortstop. Gracesqui pitching for Marlins. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Gracesqui pitching for Marlins. Perez singled to left. Tucker hit for Rodriguez. Torrealba hit by pitch, Perez to second. Tucker flied out to left. Hammonds flied out to center. Snow walked, Perez to third, Torrealba to second. Herges pitching for Giants. Grissom popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Herges pitching for Giants. Pierre fouled out to third. Castillo lined out to left. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 9 - Giants 12.	Giants fillet Marlins 12-9