Giants - Top 1st. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Tucker grounded out to second. Alfonzo flied out to center. Grissom grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Rueter pitching for Giants. Hairston fouled out to first. Cintron walked. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cintron out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonds homered to right. Feliz struck out looking. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop. Minor grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Rueter pitching for Giants. Bautista singled to center. Finley grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Bautista out at second. Hillenbrand singled to center. Tracy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez grounded out to third. Rueter popped out to third. Tucker homered to center. Alfonzo grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Rueter pitching for Giants. Hammock grounded out to second. Daigle struck out swinging. Hairston singled to right. Cintron lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Grissom hit ground rule double to deep right center. Bonds intentionally walked. Feliz safe at first on error by first baseman Hillenbrand, Grissom scored, Bonds to third. Pierzynski grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bonds scored, Feliz out at second. Minor popped out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Rueter pitching for Giants. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Bautista singled to center. Finley fouled out to catcher. Hillenbrand doubled to deep right center, Bautista scored. Tracy grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Rueter singled to left center. Tucker singled to right, Rueter to second. Alfonzo walked, Rueter to third, Tucker to second. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Grissom fouled out to first. Bonds grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Olson hit for Choate. Rueter pitching for Giants. Hammock grounded out to pitcher. Olson flied out to right. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Hairston flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Feliz lined out to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Minor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Rueter pitching for Giants. Cintron singled to left center. Gonzalez singled to right, Cintron to second. Brower pitching for Giants. Bautista flied out to center, Cintron to third. Finley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cintron scored, Gonzalez out at second. Hillenbrand flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez popped out to shortstop. Brower walked. Tucker singled to right, Brower to third, Brower scored, Tucker to third on throwing error by right fielder Bautista. Alfonzo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tucker out at home. Grissom grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Brower pitching for Giants. Tracy flied out to center. Devore hit for Randolph. Hammock fouled out to first. Devore walked. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Hairston struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonds walked. Feliz flied out to center. Pierzynski flied out to center. Minor walked, Bonds to second. Perez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Brower pitching for Giants. Cintron grounded out to second. Gonzalez singled to center. Eyre pitching for Giants. Cruz at shortstop. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gonzalez out at second. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Finley singled to shallow right, Bautista to second. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Baerga at first base. Hillenbrand popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz safe at first on error by shortstop Cintron. Tucker singled to center, Cruz to third. Alfonzo doubled to deep left, Cruz and Tucker scored. Grissom grounded out to third. Hammonds hit for Rodriguez. Bonds intentionally walked. Hammonds singled to left, Alfonzo scored, Bonds to second. Pierzynski popped out to shortstop. Mohr in left field. Walker pitching for Giants. Minor struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Walker pitching for Giants. Tracy fouled out to first. Hammock doubled to deep right. Baerga flied out to right. Hairston homered to right center, Hammock scored. Cintron struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 8 - Diamondbacks 4.	Bonds homers; Giants extend win streak to 10