Giants - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Tucker grounded out to second. Perez singled to center. Feliz grounded out to second, Perez to second. Bonds intentionally walked. Mohr grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bonds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Hermanson pitching for Giants. Miles struck out looking. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. Helton doubled to deep right. Castilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Minor fouled out to third. Ransom singled to left center. Hermanson reached on infield single to shortstop, Ransom to second, Ransom to third on throwing error by shortstop Clayton. Tucker doubled to deep left, Ransom and Hermanson scored. Perez singled to center, Tucker scored. Feliz struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Hermanson pitching for Giants. Burnitz struck out looking. Holliday singled to right. Johnson struck out looking. Holliday stole second. Freeman popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Bonds singled to left. Mohr grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bonds out at second. Pierzynski flied out to center. Minor reached on infield single to second, Mohr to second, Mohr to third on throwing error by second baseman Miles. Ransom flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Hermanson pitching for Giants. Cook grounded out to second. Miles flied out to left. Clayton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Hermanson flied out to center. Tucker flied out to left. Perez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Hermanson pitching for Giants. Helton homered to right. Castilla singled to center. Burnitz singled to right, Castilla to second. Holliday grounded out to second, Castilla to third, Burnitz to second. Johnson grounded out to second, Castilla scored, Burnitz to third. Freeman intentionally walked. Cook grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Feliz singled to left. Bonds walked, Feliz to second. Mohr sacrificed to pitcher, Feliz to third, Bonds to second. Pierzynski intentionally walked. Minor walked, Feliz scored, Bonds to third, Pierzynski to second. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Ransom walked, Bonds scored, Pierzynski to third, Minor to second. Hermanson singled to center, Pierzynski scored, Minor to third, Ransom to second. Minor scored, Ransom to third, Hermanson to second on wild pitch by Dohmann. Tucker hit sacrifice fly to center, Ransom scored. Perez struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Hermanson pitching for Giants. Miles grounded out to third. Clayton grounded out to first. Helton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. Bonds homered to left. Mohr flied out to right. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Hermanson pitching for Giants. Castilla popped out to third. Burnitz struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Minor flied out to left. Ransom struck out looking. Hermanson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Hermanson pitching for Giants. Johnson popped out to second. Greene hit for Dohmann. Freeman struck out looking. Greene doubled to deep left. Reed pitching for Rockies. Miles flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Reed pitching for Rockies. Tucker singled to right. Perez walked, Tucker to second. Feliz flied out to left. Bonds flied out to left. Mohr hit by pitch, Tucker to third, Perez to second. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Colorado's Reed ejected by Dreckman in the 8th. Minor singled to right, Perez and Mohr scored, Pierzynski to second. Cruz hit for Hermanson. Ransom doubled to deep left, Pierzynski and Minor scored. Cruz doubled to deep left center, Ransom scored. Linden in left field. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Hocking hit for Clayton. Tucker flied out to right. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Pellow hit for Helton. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Hocking singled to right center. Pellow struck out swinging. Hocking at shortstop. Pellow at first base. Gonzalez in right field. Simpson pitching for Rockies. Castilla grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hocking out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Simpson pitching for Rockies. Perez flied out to center. Feliz doubled to deep center. Linden lined out to first. Mohr safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Hocking, Feliz to third. Pierzynski doubled to deep right, Feliz scored, Mohr to third. Walker pitching for Giants. Minor flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Walker pitching for Giants. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Sweeney hit for Johnson. Holliday tripled to deep right, Gonzalez scored. Sweeney hit sacrifice fly to center, Holliday scored. Jennings hit for Simpson. Freeman walked. Jennings flied out to left. Miles grounded into fielder's choice to third, Freeman out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 16 - Rockies 4.	Bonds kisses one of S.F.'s sweet 16 goodbye