Athletics - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Giants. Kotsay grounded out to second. Byrnes singled to left. Byrnes stole second. Hatteberg singled to right center, Byrnes scored. Dye struck out swinging. Crosby grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Durham flied out to center. Cruz singled to center. Grissom grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cruz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Giants. Miller struck out swinging. Scutaro struck out looking. Castro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Bonds hit by pitch. Alfonzo grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Bonds out at second. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Giants. Mulder walked. Kotsay singled to right, Mulder to second. Byrnes homered to left, Mulder and Kotsay scored. Hatteberg flied out to left. Dye struck out swinging. Crosby singled to left. Miller grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Torrealba grounded out to third. Mohr flied out to left. Williams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Giants. Scutaro reached on bunt single to pitcher. Castro singled to center, Scutaro to second. Scutaro to third, Castro to second on passed ball by Torrealba. Mulder struck out swinging. Kotsay hit sacrifice fly to left, Scutaro scored. Byrnes struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Durham singled to deep right. Cruz grounded out to second, Durham to second. Grissom singled to left, Durham to third. Bonds hit sacrifice fly to right, Durham scored. Franklin pitching for Giants. Alfonzo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Grissom out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Franklin pitching for Giants. Hatteberg grounded out to second. Dye flied out to left. Crosby tripled to deep right. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Feliz doubled to deep center. Torrealba grounded out to second, Feliz to third. Perez hit for Franklin. Mohr walked. Perez singled to left center, Feliz scored, Mohr to second. Durham hit by pitch, Mohr to third, Perez to second. Cruz reached on infield single to second, Mohr scored, Perez to third, Durham to second. Walker pitching for Giants. Grissom grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cruz out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Walker pitching for Giants. Scutaro grounded out to third. Castro struck out swinging. Aardsma pitching for Giants. San Francisco's Walker ejected by Foster in the 6th. Kotsay hit ground rule double to deep right center, Mulder to third. Byrnes homered to left, Mulder and Kotsay scored. Hatteberg popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Bonds walked. Alfonzo singled to center, Bonds to second. Feliz grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Alfonzo out at second, Bonds to third. Torrealba grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Feliz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Aardsma pitching for Giants. Dye grounded out to shortstop. Crosby grounded out to third. Miller singled to right center. Scutaro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Ransom hit for Aardsma. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Mohr popped out to second. Ransom struck out swinging. Durham doubled to left. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Ransom at second base. Cruz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Durazo hit for Mulder. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Castro doubled to right center. Durazo struck out swinging. Kotsay popped out to shortstop. Eyre pitching for Giants. San Francisco's Manager Alou ejected by Foster in the 8th. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Hatteberg flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Grissom reached on infield single to second. Bonds walked, Grissom to second. Alfonzo reached on infield single to second, Grissom to third, Bonds to second. Grissom scored, Bonds to third, Alfonzo to second on passed ball by Miller. Feliz grounded out to third, Bonds scored. Torrealba grounded out to shortstop. Mohr grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Eyre pitching for Giants. Dye walked. Crosby struck out swinging. Miller walked, Dye to second. Tucker in right field. Brower pitching for Giants. Scutaro singled to left, Dye to third, Miller to second. Karros hit for Bradford. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dye scored, Miller out at third, Scutaro to second. Dotel pitching for Athletics. Snow hit for Ransom. Karros grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castro out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Dotel pitching for Athletics. Snow homered to right. Tucker singled to right. Cruz struck out swinging. Grissom popped out to third. Bonds struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 9 - Giants 6.	A's run to victory while Bonds walks to record