Blue Jays - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Pillar grounded out to third . Coghlan singled to right . Carrera grounded out to pitcher , Coghlan to second . Morales lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Lawrence pitching for Blue Jays . Fowler singled to left . Garcia singled to right , Fowler to third . Carpenter grounded out to second , Fowler scored , Garcia to second . Garcia stole third . Piscotty hit sacrifice fly to center , Garcia scored . Grichuk reached on infield single to third . Adams doubled to left , Grichuk scored . Wong grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Saltalamacchia walked . Pearce singled to center , Saltalamacchia to second . Goins struck out looking . Barney singled to right , Saltalamacchia to third , Pearce to second . Lawrence grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Saltalamacchia out at home , Pearce to third , Barney to second . Pillar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Lawrence pitching for Blue Jays . Fryer grounded out to shortstop . Wainwright grounded out to third . Fowler homered to center ( 401 feet ) . Garcia walked . Carpenter lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Coghlan flied out to left . Carrera singled to left . Morales grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Carrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Lawrence pitching for Blue Jays . Piscotty walked . Piscotty stole second . Grichuk lined out to shortstop . Adams singled to shallow left , Piscotty scored . Wong singled to shallow center , Adams to second . Fryer lined into double play , third to second , Adams doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first . Pearce struck out swinging . Goins grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Lawrence pitching for Blue Jays . Wainwright singled to shallow center . Fowler flied out to center . Garcia singled to center , Wainwright to second . Carpenter walked , Wainwright to third , Garcia to second . Piscotty grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wainwright scored , Carpenter out at second , Garcia to third . Grichuk grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Barney doubled to left . Lawrence sacrificed to first , Barney to third . Pillar reached on infield single to shortstop , Barney scored . Coghlan doubled to right , Pillar to third . Carrera struck out swinging . Morales homered to right center ( 373 feet ) , Pillar and Coghlan scored . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Lawrence pitching for Blue Jays . Adams doubled to deep center . Wong flied out to left . Fryer grounded out to second , Adams to third . Wainwright struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Pearce grounded out to shortstop . Goins grounded out to first . Barney popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Fowler walked . Garcia sacrificed to pitcher , Fowler to second . Carpenter walked . Piscotty flied out to center , Fowler to third . Grichuk walked , Carpenter to second . Gyorko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Travis singled to left . Pillar flied out to left . Bautista hit for Coghlan . Bautista struck out swinging . Travis stole second . Travis stole third . Carrera fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Wong grounded out to shortstop . Fryer flied out to center . Martínez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Morales fouled out to first . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . Pearce flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Barnes pitching for Blue Jays . Fowler singled to right . Garcia singled to right , Fowler to third , Garcia to second advancing on throw . Carpenter grounded out to first . Piscotty grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fowler out at home , Garcia to third . Grichuk popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Goins struck out swinging . Smoak struck out swinging . Travis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 4 - Cardinals 6 .	Cardinals sweep doubleheader from Blue Jays