Cardinals - Top 1st . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Fowler singled to center . Garcia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fowler out at second . Carpenter lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Blackmon singled to right . LeMahieu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blackmon out at second . Arenado lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Gyorko grounded out to second . Molina singled to center . Pham grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . González grounded out to second . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . Desmond struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Grichuk struck out swinging . Wong grounded out to first . Martínez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Story popped out to second . Wolters walked . Senzatela struck out bunting foul . Blackmon tripled to deep center , Wolters scored . LeMahieu struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Fowler flied out to center . Garcia grounded out to second . Carpenter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Arenado doubled to right . González grounded out to first , Arenado to third . Reynolds singled to right , Arenado scored . Desmond grounded into double play , pitcher to second to shortstop to first , Reynolds out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Gyorko popped out to shortstop . Molina grounded out to third . Pham grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Story flied out to left . Wolters doubled to deep right . Senzatela grounded out to catcher . Blackmon walked . Wolters to third , Blackmon to second on passed ball by Molina . LeMahieu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Grichuk doubled to deep right . Wong lined out to center , Grichuk to third . Martínez struck out swinging . Fowler grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Arenado popped out to first . González struck out swinging . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Garcia lined out to left . Carpenter singled to right . Gyorko grounded into double play , third to second to first , Carpenter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Desmond struck out swinging . Story flied out to right . Wolters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Molina grounded out to third . Pham singled to left . Grichuk grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Parra hit for Senzatela . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Parra struck out looking . Blackmon homered to right ( 387 feet ) . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . LeMahieu singled to center . Arenado doubled to deep center , LeMahieu scored . González struck out swinging . Reynolds homered to left ( 420 feet ) , Arenado scored . Socolovich pitching for Cardinals . Desmond singled to right center . Story doubled to deep center , Desmond scored . Wolters reached on infield single to shortstop , Story to third . Parra doubled to left , Story and Wolters scored . Blackmon singled to right center , Parra scored . LeMahieu lined out to right . 8 Runs , 9 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Wong lined out to center . Peralta hit for Socolovich . Peralta flied out to right . Fryer hit for Fowler . Fryer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 0 - Rockies 10 .	Rockies rook Senzatela now co - leader in wins