Phillies - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Herrera singled to right . Nava singled to center , Herrera to second . Kendrick lined out to left . Joseph singled to left , Herrera scored , Nava to second . Saunders grounded out to second , Nava to third , Joseph to second . Franco struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Nola pitching for Phillies . Carpenter lined out to shortstop . Fowler doubled to deep right . Piscotty reached on infield single to third . Gyorko struck out swinging . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Knapp singled to right . Galvis walked , Knapp to second . Nola grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Galvis out at second , Knapp to third . Herrera singled to left , Knapp scored , Nola thrown out at third , Herrera to second advancing on throw . Nava struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Pham struck out looking . Wong struck out swinging . Fryer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Kendrick doubled to deep left center . Joseph flied out to right . Saunders popped out to shortstop . Franco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Wainwright struck out looking . Carpenter flied out to center . Fowler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Knapp walked . Galvis lined out to shortstop . Nola struck out looking . Herrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Piscotty walked . Gyorko struck out swinging . Díaz fouled out to first . Pham grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Piscotty out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Nava lined out to left . Kendrick hit by pitch . Joseph grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kendrick out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Wong doubled to left . Fryer struck out swinging . Garcia hit for Wainwright . Garcia walked . Carpenter flied out to center , Wong to third . Fowler homered to right ( 390 feet ) , Wong and Garcia scored . Piscotty lined out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Saunders struck out swinging . Franco singled to right . Knapp lined out to right . Galvis lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Benoit pitching for Phillies . Gyorko popped out to shortstop . Díaz reached on infield single to second , Díaz to second on throwing error by second baseman Kendrick . Pham singled to center , Díaz scored , Pham to second advancing on throw . Wong struck out swinging , Pham stole third . Fryer singled to right , Pham scored . Huffman hit for Lyons . Ramos pitching for Phillies . Fryer to second on wild pitch by Ramos . Huffman struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Blanco hit for Ramos . Blanco walked . Herrera lined into double play , to first , Blanco doubled off first . Nava homered to right ( 365 feet ) . Kendrick grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Neshek pitching for Phillies . Carpenter hit ground rule double to deep right . Fowler bunt popped into double play , third to shortstop , Carpenter doubled off second . Piscotty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Joseph struck out looking . Saunders struck out swinging . Franco struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Altherr in right field . Neris pitching for Phillies . Gyorko walked . Díaz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gyorko out at second . Pham singled to right . Wong doubled to deep right center , Pham scored . Fryer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Knapp singled to center . Galvis singled to right , Knapp to third . Altherr struck out swinging . Herrera singled to left , Knapp scored , Galvis to second . Nava struck out swinging . Kendrick singled to right , Galvis scored , Herrera to second . Joseph flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 5 - Cardinals 6 .	Fowler homers as Cardinals sweep Phillies with 6 - 5 win