Reds - Top 1st . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Peraza singled to left center . Peraza caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Gennett struck out swinging . Votto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Finnegan pitching for Reds . Pham walked . Grichuk flied out to center , Pham to second . Pham stole third . Pham scored on Finnegan 's wild pitch . Piscotty walked . Gyorko homered to left ( 413 feet ) , Piscotty scored . Molina grounded out to third . Voit struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Duvall safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Gyorko . Suárez flied out to right . Schebler singled to right , Duvall to third . Mesoraco grounded into double play , third to second to first , Schebler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Finnegan pitching for Reds . DeJong doubled to deep left . Díaz grounded out to shortstop , DeJong to third . Wacha grounded into fielder 's choice to first , DeJong out at home . Wacha to second on passed ball by Mesoraco . Pham walked . Grichuk lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Kivlehan struck out swinging . Finnegan grounded out to shortstop . Peraza grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Finnegan pitching for Reds . Piscotty struck out swinging . Gyorko walked . Molina singled to left center , Gyorko to second . Voit grounded into double play , third to second to first , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Gennett reached on infield single to third . Votto singled to right , Gennett to third . Duvall hit sacrifice fly to right , Gennett scored . Suárez struck out looking . Schebler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . DeJong singled to right . Brice pitching for Reds . Díaz struck out swinging . Wacha sacrificed to catcher , DeJong to second . Pham singled to center , DeJong scored . Grichuk homered to center ( 408 feet ) , Pham scored . Piscotty singled to right . Gyorko struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Mesoraco grounded out to first . Kivlehan grounded out to first . Brice struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Brice pitching for Reds . Molina struck out swinging . Voit doubled to deep right center . DeJong singled to left , Voit to third . Díaz grounded into double play , shortstop to first , DeJong out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Peraza grounded out to shortstop . Gennett lined out to right . Votto walked . Duvall singled to left , Votto to second . Suárez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Garcia hit for Wacha . Brice pitching for Reds . Garcia hit by pitch . Pham singled to right center , Garcia to third . Grichuk singled to left , Garcia scored , Pham to second . Piscotty safe at first on error by second baseman Gennett , Pham to third , Grichuk to second . Gyorko singled to center , Pham scored , Grichuk to third , Piscotty to second . Alcántara at third base . Peralta pitching for Reds . Molina grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Grichuk out at home , Piscotty to third , Gyorko to second . Voit grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 7th . Garcia at third base . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Schebler doubled to right . Mesoraco grounded out to third . Kivlehan struck out looking . Alcántara fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Peralta pitching for Reds . DeJong grounded out to second . Díaz struck out swinging . Garcia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Peraza singled to center . Gennett grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Peraza out at second . Votto doubled to right , Gennett to third . Duvall hit sacrifice fly to center , Gennett scored . Hamilton hit for Peralta . Hamilton reached on infield single to shortstop , Votto to third . Hamilton to second on fielder 's indifference . Schebler flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Lorenzen pitching for Reds . Pham struck out swinging . Grichuk grounded out to third . Piscotty doubled to deep center . Martínez hit for Lyons . Martínez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Mesoraco struck out swinging . Kivlehan popped out to shortstop . Alcántara grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 2 - Cardinals 8 .	Grichuk , Gyorko homer , lead Cardinals over Reds 8 - 2