Cardinals - Top 1st . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Carpenter walked . Pham singled to right , Carpenter to second . Piscotty fouled out to right , Carpenter to third . Pham stole second . Gyorko grounded out to second , Carpenter scored , Pham to third . Molina grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Blanco flied out to center . Peralta struck out swinging . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Grichuk lined out to right . DeJong flied out to left . Garcia singled to left . Martínez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Lamb singled to left . Drury hit by pitch , Lamb to second . Descalso struck out looking . Iannetta flied out to center . Ahmed lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Carpenter grounded out to first . Pham flied out to right . Piscotty grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Walker singled to shallow center . Blanco flied out to center . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Walker out at second . Peralta to second on wild pitch by Martínez . Goldschmidt walked . Lamb struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop . Molina flied out to right . Grichuk flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Drury grounded out to third . Descalso doubled to deep left . Iannetta struck out swinging . Ahmed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . DeJong singled to left . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DeJong out at second . Martínez sacrificed to pitcher , Garcia to second . Carpenter intentionally walked . Pham grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carpenter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Walker struck out swinging . Blanco flied out to left . Peralta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Piscotty walked . Gyorko walked , Piscotty to second . Piscotty stole third , Gyorko stole second . Molina grounded out to pitcher . Grichuk intentionally walked . DeJong hit sacrifice fly to right , Piscotty scored , Gyorko to third . Garcia lined out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Lamb walked . Drury struck out looking . Descalso walked , Lamb to second . Iannetta doubled to deep center , Lamb and Descalso scored . Ahmed lined out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Voit hit for Martínez . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Voit singled to center . Carpenter sacrificed to catcher , Voit to second , Carpenter safe at first on throwing error by catcher Iannetta . Pham grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Voit to third , Carpenter safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Walker . Piscotty reached on infield single to catcher , Voit scored , Carpenter to third , Pham to second . Gyorko hit sacrifice fly to left , Carpenter scored . Molina singled to deep left , Pham to third , Piscotty to second , Pham scored on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Grichuk struck out swinging . DeJong grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 3 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . Owings hit for Chafin . Owings struck out swinging . Blanco grounded out to first . Peralta walked . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks . Garcia struck out swinging . Martínez hit for Cecil . Martínez grounded out to third . Carpenter flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Lamb singled to center . Drury grounded out to shortstop , Lamb to second . Descalso singled to right , Lamb scored . Iannetta walked , Descalso to second . Fuentes ran for Iannetta . Ahmed hit by pitch , Descalso to third , Fuentes to second . Corbin ran for Ahmed . Herrmann hit for Shipley . Herrmann hit sacrifice fly to left , Descalso scored . Blanco struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Blanco in left field . Descalso at shortstop . Fuentes in center field . Herrmann catching . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Pham flied out to center . Piscotty struck out swinging . Gyorko flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Peralta homered to left ( 376 feet ) . Goldschmidt flied out to right . Lamb singled to right . Drury flied out to left . Descalso fouled out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 10th . Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina lined out to left . Grichuk fouled out to third . DeJong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Díaz at shortstop . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Fuentes singled to left center . Godley hit for Rodney . Godley sacrificed to first , Fuentes to second . Herrmann singled to center , Fuentes scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Diamondbacks rally past Cardinals 6 - 5 for 4th straight win