Rockies - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Blackmon struck out looking . LeMahieu walked . Arenado homered to left ( 385 feet ) , LeMahieu scored . Parra struck out looking . Reynolds grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Carpenter popped out to shortstop . Pham walked . DeJong homered to right center ( 395 feet ) , Pham scored . Gyorko popped out to second . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . González grounded out to second . Story grounded out to shortstop . Hanigan grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Grichuk struck out swinging . Bader reached on infield single to third . Wong grounded out to second , Bader to second . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Hoffman struck out swinging . Blackmon singled to center . LeMahieu singled to right , Blackmon to third , LeMahieu out stretching at second . Arenado walked . Parra doubled to left center , Blackmon and Arenado scored . Reynolds lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Carpenter walked . Pham singled to right center , Carpenter to third , Pham thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . DeJong struck out looking . Gyorko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . González singled to shallow right . Story grounded into double play , third to second to first , González out at second . Hanigan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Molina singled to left . Grichuk singled to shallow right , Molina to second . Bader walked , Molina to third , Grichuk to second . Wong grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina scored , Bader out at second , Grichuk to third . Martínez singled to shallow right , Grichuk scored , Wong to third . Carpenter doubled to right center , Wong and Martínez scored , Carpenter to third on throwing error by center fielder Blackmon . Pham hit sacrifice fly to center , Carpenter scored . DeJong popped out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 5th . Freeland hit for Hoffman . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Freeland struck out swinging . Blackmon singled to right . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher , Blackmon to second . Blackmon to third on wild pitch by Martínez . Arenado singled to right , Blackmon scored . Parra struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Gyorko flied out to center . Molina struck out swinging . Grichuk reached on infield single to shortstop . Bader reached on infield single to second , Grichuk to second . Grichuk to third , Bader to second on passed ball by Hanigan . Wong intentionally walked . Martínez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wong out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds struck out swinging . González grounded out to first . Story struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Carpenter grounded out to second . Pham singled to right . DeJong flied out to left . Gyorko walked , Pham to second . Molina doubled to left , Pham and Gyorko scored . Grichuk singled to right , Molina to third . Grichuk to second on wild pitch by Lyles . Bader struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Hanigan grounded out to third . Amarista hit for Lyles . Amarista flied out to center . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Wong walked . Voit hit for Brebbia . Voit flied out to right . Carpenter singled to center , Wong to third . Wong scored , Carpenter to second on wild pitch by Chatwood . Pham walked . Carpenter to third , Pham to second on wild pitch by Chatwood . DeJong struck out swinging . Gyorko grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . LeMahieu lined out to center . Arenado flied out to right . Parra singled to right center . Reynolds doubled to right center , Parra to third . González grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Kelly hit for Molina . Kelly lined out to center . Grichuk reached on infield single to first . Bader doubled to shallow right , Grichuk to third . Wong popped out to second . Garcia hit for Cecil . Garcia walked . Carpenter flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Kelly catching . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Story struck out swinging . Hanigan grounded out to third . Valaika hit for Ottavino . Valaika struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Cardinals 10 .	DeJong continues hot streak as Cardinals roll past Rockies