Royals - Top 1st . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Merrifield flied out to center . Cain singled to right . Hosmer walked , Cain to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hosmer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Hammel pitching for Royals . Carpenter lined out to right . Pham safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar . DeJong singled to left , Pham to second . Fowler grounded into fielder 's choice to second , DeJong out at second , Pham to third . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 2nd . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Moustakas safe at first on error by second baseman Wong . Escobar sacrificed into fielder 's choice to catcher , Moustakas to second . Gordon singled to right , Moustakas to third , Escobar to second . Butera singled to deep right , Moustakas scored , Escobar to third , Gordon to second . Hammel grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Escobar out at home , Gordon to third , Butera to second . Merrifield flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Hammel pitching for Royals . Martínez struck out swinging . Wong doubled to right . Garcia flied out to center . Lynn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Cain singled to center . Hosmer grounded out to second , Cain to second . Cabrera flied out to left . Moustakas intentionally walked . Cain caught stealing third , catcher to second . Escobar batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Hammel pitching for Royals . Carpenter struck out swinging . Pham grounded out to shortstop . DeJong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Escobar struck out swinging . Gordon walked . Gordon caught stealing second , catcher to second . Butera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Fowler struck out swinging . Molina flied out to center . Martínez safe at first on error by third baseman Moustakas . Martínez stole second . Wong walked . Garcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 5th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Hammel struck out swinging . Merrifield grounded out to first . Cain singled to left . Hosmer walked , Cain to second . Cabrera tripled to deep right , Cain and Hosmer scored . Moustakas intentionally walked . Escobar lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Lynn struck out swinging . Carpenter flied out to left . Pham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Gordon flied out to right . Butera popped out to shortstop . Hammel grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hammel pitching for Royals . DeJong hit by pitch . Fowler doubled to deep right , DeJong scored . Moylan pitching for Royals . Molina singled to left , Fowler to third . Martínez safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Moylan , Fowler scored , Molina to third . Minor pitching for Royals . Wong hit sacrifice fly to left , Molina scored , Martínez to second . Gyorko hit for Garcia . Gyorko flied out to right . Grichuk hit for Lynn . Grichuk struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Gyorko at third base . Grichuk in right field . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Merrifield struck out swinging . Cain doubled to center . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Hosmer flied out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Minor pitching for Royals . Carpenter singled to center . Feliz pitching for Royals . Pham singled to right , Carpenter to third . Pham stole second . DeJong walked . Fowler homered to right center ( 404 feet ) , Carpenter , Pham and DeJong scored . Molina walked . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Voit hit for Lyons . Voit struck out swinging . Wong singled to center , Molina to second . Gyorko grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wong out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . Moustakas singled to right . Escobar singled to right , Moustakas to second . Gordon struck out swinging . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Butera singled to left , Moustakas to third , Escobar to second . Moss hit for McCarthy . Moss doubled to deep right center , Moustakas and Escobar scored , Butera to third . Merrifield hit sacrifice fly to center , Butera scored , Moss to third . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Cain flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Soria pitching for Royals . Grichuk flied out to right . Carpenter grounded out to first . Pham walked . DeJong doubled to left , Pham scored . Fowler intentionally walked . Molina lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Hosmer flied out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . Moustakas singled to right . Cuthbert ran for Moustakas . Escobar lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Cardinals 8 .	Fowler 's grand slam powers Cardinals to 6th straight win