Cardinals - Top 1st . Taillon pitching for Pirates . Carpenter singled to deep right center . Pham struck out looking . DeJong grounded into double play , third to second to first , Carpenter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Marte singled to right . Harrison homered to left ( 346 feet ) , Marte scored . McCutchen singled to left . Bell grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , McCutchen out at second . Freese grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Taillon pitching for Pirates . Fowler grounded out to second . Molina flied out to center . Gyorko homered to left ( 346 feet ) . Wong struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Frazier lined out to center . Mercer grounded out to third . Stewart flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Taillon pitching for Pirates . Grichuk reached on infield single to second . Wainwright sacrificed to pitcher , Grichuk to second . Carpenter struck out swinging . Pham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Taillon grounded out to shortstop . Marte flied out to left . Harrison singled to center . McCutchen walked , Harrison to second . Bell singled to left , Harrison scored , McCutchen to third . Freese singled to center , McCutchen scored , Bell to second . Frazier singled to right , Bell scored , Freese to third . Mercer fouled out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Taillon pitching for Pirates . DeJong struck out swinging . Fowler walked . Molina singled to center , Fowler to second . Gyorko struck out swinging . Wong singled to center , Fowler scored , Molina to second . Grichuk lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Cardinals . Stewart singled to left . Taillon bunted into double play , pitcher to shortstop to second , Stewart out at second . Marte walked . Harrison struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Taillon pitching for Pirates . Weaver struck out looking . Carpenter walked . Pham walked , Carpenter to second . DeJong singled to deep left , Carpenter scored , Pham to third , DeJong out stretching at second . Fowler singled to left , Pham scored . Molina lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Weaver pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen fouled out to first . Bell walked . Freese grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Schugel pitching for Pirates . Gyorko singled to left . Wong lined out to left . Grichuk struck out swinging . Voit hit for Weaver . Voit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals . Frazier struck out swinging . Mercer doubled to left . Stewart struck out swinging . Jaso hit for Schugel . Jaso walked . Marte reached on infield single to shortstop , Mercer to third , Jaso to second . Harrison flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Benoit pitching for Pirates . Carpenter flied out to center . Pham singled to right . DeJong hit by pitch , Pham to second . Fowler tripled to right , Pham and DeJong scored . Molina singled to center , Fowler scored . Hudson pitching for Pirates . Gyorko struck out swinging . Molina to second on wild pitch by Hudson . Wong grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen doubled to deep right . Bell walked . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Freese struck out swinging . Frazier grounded out to pitcher , McCutchen to third , Bell to second . Mercer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Hudson pitching for Pirates . Grichuk grounded out to third . Martínez hit for Bowman . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . Carpenter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Osuna hit for Stewart . Osuna lined out to third . Díaz hit for Hudson . Díaz singled to right center . Marte grounded into double play , third to second to first , Díaz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Frazier in left field . Osuna in right field . Díaz catching . LeBlanc pitching for Pirates . Pham homered to left ( 440 feet ) . DeJong lined out to center . Fowler walked . Molina struck out swinging . Gyorko singled to right center , Fowler to third . Wong singled to center , Fowler scored , Gyorko to second . Grichuk tripled to deep center , Gyorko and Wong scored . Garcia hit for Lyons . Garcia walked . Carpenter grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Harrison singled to center . McCutchen singled to center , Harrison to second . Bell fouled out to third . Freese doubled to deep center , Harrison scored , McCutchen to third . Frazier hit by pitch . Mercer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCutchen scored , Frazier out at second , Freese to third . Mercer to second on fielder 's indifference . Osuna flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 11 - Pirates 7 .	Fowler has 3 RBIs , Cardinals top Pirates 11 - 7