Cardinals - Top 1st . Wood pitching for Padres . Bader singled to left . Grichuk struck out looking . DeJong lined out to right . Martínez homered to right center ( 379 feet ) , Bader scored . Molina grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Margot flied out to right . Asuaje struck out looking . Pirela walked . Solarte singled to center , Pirela to second . Myers singled to center , Pirela scored , Solarte to third , Solarte scored , Myers to second on throwing error by center fielder Bader . Spangenberg grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Wood pitching for Padres . Piscotty walked . Valera flied out to right . Mejia singled to deep right , Piscotty to third , Mejia to second advancing on throw . Wacha bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Piscotty out at home , Mejia to third . Bader homered to left center ( 399 feet ) , Mejia and Wacha scored . Grichuk grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Szczur reached on infield single to first . Hedges popped out to second . Wood homered to left ( 374 feet ) , Szczur scored . Margot struck out swinging . Asuaje walked . Pirela lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Wood pitching for Padres . DeJong singled to right . Martínez doubled to deep right center , DeJong to third . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DeJong scored , Martínez safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Solarte . Piscotty singled to center , Martínez scored , Molina to second . Díaz pitching for Padres . Valera flied out to center . Mejia struck out swinging . Wacha struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Solarte struck out swinging . Myers struck out looking . Spangenberg bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Diaz pitching for Padres . Bader grounded out to second . Grichuk singled to center . DeJong struck out swinging . Grichuk stole second . Grichuk safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hedges . Martínez walked , Grichuk out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 4th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Szczur reached on infield single to second . Hedges grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Szczur out at second . Díaz grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Diaz pitching for Padres . Molina struck out swinging . Piscotty walked . Piscotty caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Valera popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Margot grounded out to third . Asuaje singled to right . Pirela singled to right center , Asuaje thrown out at third , Pirela to second advancing on throw . Solarte fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Diaz pitching for Padres . Mejia lined out to right . Wacha walked . Bader struck out looking . Grichuk struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Myers struck out looking . Spangenberg walked . Spangenberg stole second . Szczur grounded out to shortstop . Hedges struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Baumann pitching for Padres . DeJong struck out looking . Martínez homered to left center ( 425 feet ) . Molina grounded out to third . Piscotty flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Aybar hit for Baumann . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . Margot struck out swinging . Asuaje struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Capps pitching for Padres . Valera grounded out to second . Mejia struck out swinging . Voit hit for Bowman . Voit lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Garcia at second base . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . Pirela doubled to deep left . Solarte grounded out to third . Myers lined into double play , third to second , Pirela doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Padres . Bader struck out swinging . Grichuk struck out swinging . DeJong popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Spangenberg singled to center . Szczur grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Spangenberg out at second . Hedges grounded into double play , third to second to first , Szczur out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Padres 4 .	Martinez slugs 2 home runs as Cardinals beat Padres 8 - 4