Cubs - Top 1st. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Lake struck out swinging. Valbuena flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Cubs. Segura reached on infield single to third. Braun homered to right center (395 feet), Segura scored. Lucroy struck out looking. Gomez walked. Davis doubled to deep right center, Gomez scored. Weeks singled to center, Davis scored. Reynolds struck out swinging. Maldonado doubled to deep right center, Weeks scored. Estrada struck out looking. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Castro walked. Ruggiano flied out to right. Castillo popped out to shortstop. Schierholtz fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Cubs. Segura grounded out to first. Braun singled to center. Lucroy reached on infield single to shortstop, Braun to second. Gomez singled to center, Braun scored, Lucroy to second. Davis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gomez out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Olt walked. Wood reached on infield single to shortstop, Olt to second. Bonifacio reached on infield single to second, Olt scored, Wood to third. Lake grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wood scored, Bonifacio out at second. Valbuena hit ground rule double to right, Lake to third. Castro struck out swinging. Ruggiano grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Cubs. Weeks doubled to deep right center. Reynolds struck out swinging. Maldonado singled to right, Weeks scored, Maldonado to second advancing on throw. Estrada grounded out to second, Maldonado to third. Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Segura grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Castillo fouled out to first. Schierholtz singled to right. Olt walked, Schierholtz to second. Villanueva sacrificed to third, Schierholtz to third, Olt to second. Bonifacio flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Braun grounded out to third. Lucroy fouled out to first. Gomez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Lake walked. Valbuena struck out looking. Castro singled to right, Lake to second. Ruggiano flied out to center. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Davis doubled to deep left. Weeks singled to center, Davis scored. Reynolds flied out to right. Maldonado singled to center, Weeks to third. Estrada sacrificed to pitcher, Weeks scored, Maldonado to second. Segura singled to center, Maldonado scored, Segura to second advancing on throw. Braun singled to left, Segura scored, Braun out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Schierholtz homered to right (362 feet). Olt flied out to right. Coghlan hit for Villanueva. Coghlan flied out to right. Bonifacio lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Veras pitching for Cubs. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. Gomez grounded out to third. Davis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Wooten pitching for Brewers. Lake struck out swinging. Valbuena singled to center. Castro grounded into double play, third to second to first, Valbuena out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Veras pitching for Cubs. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds struck out looking. Maldonado fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Wang pitching for Brewers. Herrera at third base. Ruggiano doubled to right. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Schierholtz popped out to catcher. Ruggiano to third on passed ball by Maldonado. Olt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Bonifacio in center field. Lake in left field. Wright pitching for Cubs. Barney at second base. Herrera grounded out to shortstop. Segura reached on infield single to second. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Segura safe at second on error by shortstop Castro. Lucroy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Braun out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 9th. Thornburg pitching for Brewers. Overbay at first base. Schafer in center field. Falu at third base. Herrera in right field. Barney flied out to left. Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop. Lake walked. Valbuena walked, Lake to second. Castro singled to center, Lake scored, Valbuena to second. Baker hit for Wright. Baker singled to left, Valbuena scored, Castro to second. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Baker out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 5 - Brewers 11.	Braun leads Brewers to 11-5 win over Cubs