Cubs - Top 1st. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Coghlan walked. Ruggiano homered to left (395 feet), Coghlan scored. Rizzo walked. Rizzo stole second. Castro singled to center, Rizzo scored. Castro stole second. Valbuena struck out swinging. Castillo flied out to center, Castro to third. Schierholtz popped out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Cubs. Holt flied out to right. Pedroia singled to left. Ortiz flied out to center, Pedroia to second. Napoli walked. Gomes lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Olt grounded out to shortstop. Barney flied out to center. Coghlan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Cubs. Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski singled to right center. Betts flied out to center. Herrera singled to right center, Pierzynski to third. Holt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Ruggiano struck out looking. Rizzo singled to center. Castro popped out to second. Valbuena grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Cubs. Pedroia singled to center. Ortiz hit ground rule double to deep right, Pedroia to third. Napoli grounded out to pitcher. Gomes hit sacrifice fly to center, Pedroia scored. Bogaerts walked. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Castillo walked. Schierholtz flied out to center. Olt homered to left center (443 feet), Castillo scored. Barney tripled to deep left center. Coghlan hit sacrifice fly to left, Barney scored. Ruggiano lined out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Betts struck out looking. Herrera hit by pitch. Holt singled to center, Herrera to second. Pedroia walked, Herrera to third, Holt to second. Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to center, Herrera scored, Holt to third. Napoli walked, Pedroia to second. Gomes singled to left, Holt scored, Pedroia to third, Napoli to second. Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Bogaerts struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Rizzo flied out to left. Castro struck out swinging. Valbuena singled to left. Castillo homered to center (402 feet), Valbuena scored. Schierholtz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Pierzynski walked. Betts homered to left (366 feet), Pierzynski scored. Herrera bunt grounded out to catcher. Holt struck out looking. Pedroia flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Olt doubled to deep center. Barney reached on infield single to shortstop. Coghlan sacrificed to pitcher, Olt to third, Barney to second. Badenhop pitching for Red Sox. Ruggiano singled to center, Olt scored, Barney to third. Rizzo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ruggiano out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Ortiz safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Olt. Napoli doubled to left, Ortiz to third. Gomes grounded out to third. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ortiz out at home. Russell pitching for Cubs. Pierzynski flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 7th. Badenhop pitching for Red Sox. Castro grounded out to third. Valbuena flied out to right. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Russell pitching for Cubs. Betts grounded out to first. Herrera struck out looking. Holt singled to center. Pedroia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Mujica pitching for Red Sox. Schierholtz homered to right (389 feet). Olt struck out swinging. Barney doubled to left. Coghlan grounded out to pitcher. Ruggiano struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Russell pitching for Cubs. Ortiz hit ground rule double to deep right. Schlitter pitching for Cubs. Napoli singled to deep center, Ortiz scored. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Napoli out at second. Bogaerts struck out looking. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Rizzo singled to center. Castro singled to center, Rizzo to second. Valbuena doubled to deep right, Rizzo scored, Castro to third. Castillo struck out swinging. Schierholtz singled to center, Castro scored, Valbuena to third. Olt popped out to first. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Barney singled to right, Valbuena scored, Schierholtz to second. Coghlan doubled to deep right, Schierholtz scored, Barney to third. Ruggiano doubled to deep center, Barney and Coghlan scored. Rizzo popped out to second. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Grimm pitching for Cubs. Betts reached on infield single to third. Herrera flied out to center. Holt singled to right, Betts to third. Pedroia doubled to deep right center, Betts scored, Holt to third. Nava hit for Ortiz. Nava singled to right, Holt and Pedroia scored. Napoli struck out looking. Gomes struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 16 - Red Sox 9.	Ruggiano-led Cubs sweep Red Sox