Cubs - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Cardinals. Coghlan singled to center. Baez flied out to center. Castro hit by pitch, Coghlan to second. Valbuena singled to right, Coghlan to third, Castro to second. Alcantara struck out swinging. Watkins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Cubs. Carpenter walked. Grichuk grounded into fielder's choice to third, Carpenter out at second. Holliday grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Grichuk out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Cardinals. Valaika walked. Baker singled to center, Valaika to second. Wood sacrificed to catcher, Valaika to third, Baker to second, Wood safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Lackey. Valaika scored, Baker to third on throwing error by pitcher Lackey. Coghlan singled to center, Baker and Wood scored. Baez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Coghlan out at second. Castro singled to center. Valbuena homered to right (377 feet), Castro scored. Alcantara grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Cubs. Peralta singled to right. Molina grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop to second, Peralta out at second. Jay singled to center. Wong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Cardinals. Watkins singled to center. Watkins stole second. Valaika struck out swinging. Baker grounded out to second, Watkins to third. Wood grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Cubs. Descalso flied out to left. Lackey struck out swinging. Carpenter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Cardinals. Coghlan grounded out to shortstop. Baez struck out swinging. Castro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Grichuk grounded out to third. Holliday homered to right center (432 feet). Peralta walked. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Peralta out at second. Jay lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Cardinals. Valbuena hit ground rule double to deep center. Alcantara fouled out to third. Watkins flied out to center. Valbuena to third on balk by Lackey. Valaika struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Wong homered to right (392 feet). Descalso walked. Lackey sacrificed to first, Descalso to second. Carpenter safe at second on error by center fielder Alcantara, Descalso scored. Grichuk flied out to center, Carpenter to third. Holliday doubled to deep left, Carpenter scored. Grimm pitching for Cubs. Peralta grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Lackey pitching for Cardinals. Baker flied out to right. Grimm struck out swinging. Coghlan singled to shallow right center. Baez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Grimm pitching for Cubs. Molina singled to left. Jay grounded into fielder's choice to first, Molina out at second. Wong flied out to right. Wright pitching for Cubs. Descalso grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Lackey pitching for Cardinals. Castro grounded out to third. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Valbuena struck out swinging. Alcantara homered to left center (408 feet). Watkins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Taveras hit for Choate. Wright pitching for Cubs. Taveras grounded out to second. Carpenter walked. Strop pitching for Cubs. Szczur in right field. Grichuk struck out swinging. Holliday hit by pitch, Carpenter to second. Peralta singled to right center, Carpenter scored, Holliday to third. Molina singled to center, Holliday scored, Peralta to third. Jay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Neshek pitching for Cardinals. Valaika singled to shallow right. Kozma at second base. Baker sacrificed to pitcher, Valaika to second. Szczur flied out to left. Coghlan intentionally walked. Baez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Castillo catching. Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Kozma doubled to left center. Descalso reached on bunt single to pitcher, Kozma to third. Adams hit for Neshek. Adams struck out swinging. Carpenter intentionally walked, Descalso to second. Grichuk struck out swinging. Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop, Kozma and Descalso scored, Carpenter to third. Peralta singled to left, Carpenter scored, Holliday to second. Molina flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Castro walked. Valbuena flied out to center. Alcantara lined out to third. Castillo popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 6 - Cardinals 9.	Cardinals overcome 5-run deficit to beat Cubs 9-6