Dodgers - Top 1st. Wada pitching for Cubs. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Puig popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Coghlan singled to left center. Baez walked. Valbuena singled to right, Coghlan scored, Baez to third. Soler singled to left, Baez scored, Valbuena to second. Kalish grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Valbuena out at third, Soler to second. Olt struck out looking. Watkins grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Wada pitching for Cubs. Kemp lined out to center. Ramirez struck out swinging. Van Slyke flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Baker grounded out to second. Wada struck out looking. Coghlan reached on infield single to second. Baez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Wada pitching for Cubs. Uribe walked. Ellis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Uribe out at second. Greinke struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Valbuena safe at second on error by first baseman Gonzalez, Valbuena advanced to first on Gonzalez error, Valbuena tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. Soler struck out swinging. Kalish struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 4th. Wada pitching for Cubs. Gordon reached on bunt single to third. Gordon caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher to second. Puig singled to left. Gonzalez singled to right, Puig to third. Kemp struck out swinging. Ramirez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Olt doubled to deep left center. Watkins lined out to right. Baker grounded out to third. Wada flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Wada pitching for Cubs. Van Slyke reached on infield single to shortstop. Uribe singled to deep left, Van Slyke to third, Uribe out stretching at second. Ellis grounded out to first, Van Slyke scored. Greinke lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Coghlan struck out swinging. Baez singled to left. Valbuena singled to right, Baez to third. Soler singled to left, Baez scored, Valbuena to second. Kalish singled to shallow left, Valbuena to third, Soler to second. Olt hit sacrifice fly to right, Valbuena scored, Soler to third. Watkins popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Grimm pitching for Cubs. Gordon grounded out to first. Puig lined out to center. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Baker struck out looking. Lake hit for Grimm. Lake walked. Coghlan lined into double play, shortstop to first, Lake doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Cubs. Kemp flied out to left. Ramirez singled to right. Crawford hit for Van Slyke. Crawford singled to right, Ramirez to third. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ramirez scored, Crawford safe at second on error by second baseman Watkins. Ethier hit for Ellis. Ethier doubled to deep left center, Crawford scored, Uribe to third. Turner hit for Rodriguez. Turner grounded out to third, Uribe scored, Ethier to third. Gordon doubled to left, Ethier scored. Puig singled to center, Gordon scored. Wright pitching for Cubs. Gonzalez flied out to center. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Crawford in left field. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Butera catching. Baez reached on infield single to shortstop. Valbuena flied out to left. Soler struck out swinging. Kalish singled to right, Baez to third. Olt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Schlitter pitching for Cubs. Kemp grounded out to third. Ramirez reached on infield single to third. Crawford struck out swinging. Uribe singled to right, Ramirez to second. Pederson hit for Baez. Pederson walked, Ramirez to third, Uribe to second. Butera walked, Ramirez scored, Uribe to third, Pederson to second. Rosscup pitching for Cubs. Gordon struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Rojas at shortstop. Wilson pitching for Dodgers. Watkins lined out to right. Baker struck out looking. Valaika hit for Rosscup. Valaika popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Parker pitching for Cubs. Puig reached on infield single to second, Puig to second on throwing error by second baseman Watkins. Gonzalez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Baez, Puig to third. Kemp hit sacrifice fly to left, Puig scored. Rojas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. Rojas to second on wild pitch by Parker. Crawford flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Coghlan struck out swinging. Baez struck out swinging. Valbuena grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 8 - Cubs 4.	Dodgers rally with 5-run 7th inning