Braves - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Johnson singled to shallow left. Harris flied out to right. Renteria grounded out to third, Johnson to second. McCann singled to center, Johnson scored. Jones doubled to left center, McCann to third. Francoeur grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Davies pitching for Braves. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. Theriot singled to right center. Lee singled to left, Theriot to second. Ramirez grounded into double play, second to first, Lee out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Thorman doubled to deep left. Orr grounded out to shortstop, Thorman to third. Davies grounded out to first. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Davies pitching for Braves. Murton grounded out to shortstop. Barrett grounded out to second. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Harris singled to center. Renteria singled to center, Harris to second. McCann grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Renteria out at second, Harris to third. Jones flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Davies pitching for Braves. DeRosa singled to right. Zambrano sacrificed to pitcher, DeRosa to second. Soriano flied out to right. Theriot grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Francoeur popped out to first. Thorman flied out to center. Orr singled to right. Davies singled to left, Orr to third. Johnson safe at first on error by right fielder Murton, Orr scored, Davies to second. Harris grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Davies pitching for Braves. Lee homered to left center. Ramirez singled to center. Murton flied out to left. Barrett grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Renteria walked. McCann singled to right, Renteria to second. Jones lined out to third. Francoeur doubled to deep center, Renteria and McCann scored. Thorman walked. Orr singled to left, Francoeur thrown out at home, Thorman to second. Thorman to third on passed ball by Barrett, Thorman scored, Orr safe at second on throwing error by catcher Barrett. Davies doubled to deep right, Orr scored. Johnson doubled to deep right, Davies scored. Harris flied out to left. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Davies pitching for Braves. Jones walked. Ward hit for Zambrano. DeRosa flied out to right. Ward flied out to left. Hill catching. Eyre pitching for Cubs. Soriano lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Eyre pitching for Cubs. Renteria doubled to center. McCann flied out to left. Jones flied out to left. Francoeur singled to right center, Renteria scored. Thorman popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Davies pitching for Braves. Theriot flied out to right. Lee reached on infield single to second. Lee to second on wild pitch by Davies. Ramirez struck out looking. Woodward hit for Orr. Murton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Eyre pitching for Cubs. Woodward fouled out to first. Davies singled to center. Johnson flied out to left. Harris reached on infield single to first, Davies to second. Renteria singled to left, Davies to third, Harris to second. Woodward at third base. McCann flied out to left. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Davies pitching for Braves. Hill grounded out to first. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Theriot at second base. Guzman pitching for Cubs. Izturis at shortstop. DeRosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Guzman pitching for Cubs. Jones fouled out to catcher. Francoeur flied out to left. Moylan pitching for Braves. Thorman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Moylan pitching for Braves. Izturis flied out to center. Soriano reached on infield single to first. Theriot grounded into fielder's choice to center, Soriano safe at third on error by second baseman Johnson. Lee hit sacrifice fly to left, Soriano scored. Moylan pitching for Braves. Theriot to second on fielder's indifference. Ramirez homered to left, Theriot scored. Murton grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 9th. Diaz hit for Moylan. Guzman pitching for Cubs. Woodward struck out looking. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. Johnson singled to left. Harris singled to center, Johnson to third. Wickman pitching for Braves. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harris out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Wickman pitching for Braves. Hill flied out to center. Pagan hit for Guzman. Jones homered to left. Pagan reached on bunt single to third. Izturis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pagan out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 8 - Cubs 5.	Piniella ejected in loss