Nationals - Top 1st. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Langerhans struck out swinging. Lopez singled to left. Zimmerman flied out to center. Lopez to second on wild pitch by Smoltz. Young grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Bowie pitching for Nationals. Escobar doubled to deep right. Renteria grounded out to shortstop, Escobar to third. Jones singled to left, Escobar scored. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Kearns singled to right center. Church popped out to third. Belliard reached on infield single to shortstop, Kearns to second. Schneider flied out to left. Bowie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Bowie pitching for Nationals. Francoeur walked. McCann struck out looking. Diaz singled to center, Francoeur to second. Saltalamacchia flied out to right, Francoeur to third. Smoltz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Langerhans struck out swinging. Lopez struck out swinging. Zimmerman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Bowie pitching for Nationals. Escobar doubled to right. Renteria singled to left, Escobar to third. Jones singled to left, Escobar scored, Renteria to second. Jones bunt popped out foul to catcher. Renteria stole third. Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to left, Renteria scored. McCann singled to center, Jones to second. Diaz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Young flied out to left. Kearns struck out looking. Church singled to center. Belliard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Bowie pitching for Nationals. Saltalamacchia walked. Smoltz sacrificed to first, Saltalamacchia to second. Escobar reached on infield single to catcher, Saltalamacchia to third. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Renteria singled to right, Saltalamacchia scored, Escobar to third. Jones singled to right, Escobar scored, Renteria to third. Jones singled to left, Renteria scored, Jones to second. Francoeur singled to center, Jones scored, Jones to second. McCann grounded into double play, third to second to first, Francoeur out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Logan hit for Ayala. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Schneider grounded out to first. Logan singled to right. Langerhans grounded out to first, Logan to second. Lopez walked. Traber pitching for Nationals. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Traber pitching for Nationals. Diaz doubled to left center. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Smoltz reached on infield single to pitcher, Diaz to third. Escobar singled to center, Diaz scored, Smoltz to second. Orr ran for Smoltz. Renteria singled to center, Orr scored, Escobar to third. Woodward ran for Jones. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Escobar scored, Renteria out at second. Escobar at shortstop. Harris in center field. Woodward at third base. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Orr at second base. Jones struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Fick hit for Kearns. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Young grounded out to shortstop. Fick flied out to center. Church doubled to deep left. Fick in right field. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Traber pitching for Nationals. Francoeur singled to center. McCann homered to right, Francoeur scored. Diaz struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia reached on infield single to shortstop. Orr grounded out to second, Saltalamacchia to second. Thorman at first base. Saltalamacchia catching. Escobar grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Flores hit for Traber. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Schneider flied out to right. Flores grounded out to third. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Flores catching. Langerhans struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Harris fouled out to third. James hit for Villarreal. Woodward doubled to deep left. James grounded out to pitcher, Woodward to third. Francoeur singled to left, Woodward scored. Ledezma pitching for Braves. Thorman fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Batista hit for Zimmerman. Ledezma pitching for Braves. Lopez struck out swinging. Batista fouled out to right. Batista at first base. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Jimenez at third base. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Diaz singled to center. Saltalamacchia grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Diaz out at second. Paronto pitching for Braves. Orr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Paronto pitching for Braves. Fick singled to center. Church grounded into double play, third to second to first, Fick out at second. Belliard doubled to left. Jimenez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 0 - Braves 13.	Smoltz, bullpen pitch Braves to Nationals shutout