Braves - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Harris flied out to center. Renteria grounded out to third. Jones singled to right. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Furcal flied out to center. Pierre flied out to left. Martin singled to left. Kent grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. McCann struck out swinging. Francoeur grounded out to third. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Gonzalez singled to center. Garciaparra singled to left, Gonzalez to second. Loney lined out to shortstop. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to third, Garciaparra out at second, Gonzalez to third. Lowe flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Thorman singled to center. Smoltz sacrificed to pitcher, Thorman to second. Harris flied out to right, Thorman to third. Renteria singled to center, Thorman scored. Jones reached on infield single to shortstop, Renteria to second. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Furcal walked. Pierre flied out to center. Martin singled to center, Furcal to second. Kent grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martin out at second, Furcal to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. McCann flied out to center. Francoeur singled to center. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Francoeur out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Garciaparra grounded out to pitcher. Loney struck out swinging. Kemp popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Thorman struck out swinging. Smoltz struck out swinging. Harris singled to center. Harris stole second. Renteria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Lowe struck out looking. Furcal doubled to right. Pierre grounded out to first, Furcal to third. Martin doubled to deep center, Furcal scored. Kent grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Jones singled to left. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Jones singled to center, Jones to second. McCann sacrificed to third, Jones to third, Jones to second. Francoeur intentionally walked. Saltalamacchia hit for Thorman. Johnson struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia at first base. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Garciaparra fouled out to first. Loney struck out swinging, Loney safe at first on wild pitch by Smoltz. Kemp homered to left, Loney scored. Escobar hit for Smoltz. Beimel struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Diaz hit for Harris. Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Escobar safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Furcal. Diaz grounded out to second, Escobar to third. Renteria walked. Diaz in left field. Yates pitching for Braves. Jones grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Renteria out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Yates pitching for Braves. Furcal grounded out to first. Pierre reached on bunt double to shortstop. Pierre stole third. Martin singled to right center, Pierre scored. Martin stole second. Abreu ran for Kent. Moylan pitching for Braves. Kent singled to center, Martin scored. Ethier ran for Gonzalez. Gonzalez singled to center, Abreu to third. Garciaparra safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Jones, Abreu scored, Ethier to third. Loney intentionally walked. Saenz hit for Beimel. Kemp walked, Ethier scored, Garciaparra to third, Loney to second. Saenz hit sacrifice fly to left, Garciaparra scored. Abreu at second base. Ethier in left field. Seanez pitching for Dodgers. Furcal singled to center, Loney to third, Kemp to second, Loney thrown out at home attempting to advance on play. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 8th. Seanez pitching for Dodgers. Jones struck out swinging. McCann struck out swinging. Paronto pitching for Braves. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Paronto pitching for Braves. Pierre grounded out to first. Martin struck out swinging. Abreu hit by pitch. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Ethier popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop. Orr hit for Paronto. Saltalamacchia singled to left, Johnson to second. Orr popped out to third. Diaz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Saltalamacchia out at second, Johnson to third. Renteria doubled to deep right, Johnson scored, Diaz to third. Jones flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 2 - Dodgers 8.	Kemp, Martin help Dodgers pull away from Braves