Braves - Top 1st. Wells pitching for Padres. Escobar lined out to right. Renteria flied out to center. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Reyes pitching for Braves. Giles walked. Giles grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Giles out at second. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Wells pitching for Padres. Jones fouled out to catcher. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Diaz doubled to deep right center. McCann flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Reyes pitching for Braves. Cameron lined out to center. Bradley grounded out to shortstop. Greene homered to left. Bard grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Wells pitching for Padres. Saltalamacchia doubled to deep center. Reyes sacrificed to pitcher, Saltalamacchia to third. Escobar singled to right, Saltalamacchia scored. Renteria struck out looking. Jones flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Reyes pitching for Braves. Kouzmanoff singled to left. Wells struck out swinging. Giles grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Kouzmanoff out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Wells pitching for Padres. Jones walked. Brocail pitching for Padres. San Diego's Wells ejected by Hickox in the 4th. Diaz singled to left center. McCann singled to right, Diaz to second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Reyes sacrificed to pitcher, Diaz to third, McCann to second. Escobar grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Reyes pitching for Braves. Giles walked. Gonzalez walked, Giles to second. Giles to third, Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Reyes. Cameron homered to center, Giles and Gonzalez scored. Bradley reached on infield single to shortstop. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Greene singled to left center, Bradley to second. Bard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Greene out at second, Bradley to third. Kouzmanoff hit sacrifice fly to center, Bradley scored. Brocail singled to center, Bard to second. Giles popped out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Brocail pitching for Padres. Renteria singled to center. Jones walked, Renteria to second. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second, Renteria to third. Francoeur grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Giles grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez walked. Cameron safe at first on error by third baseman Jones, Gonzalez to second. Bradley flied out to center, Gonzalez to third. Greene struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 6th. Brocail pitching for Padres. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. McCann grounded out to first. Moylan pitching for Braves. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Moylan pitching for Braves. Bard grounded out to pitcher. Branyan hit for Brocail. Kouzmanoff flied out to left. Branyan walked. Bell pitching for Padres. Harris hit for Moylan. Giles struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Bell pitching for Padres. Harris struck out swinging. Escobar lined out to second. Renteria singled to center. Jones singled to center, Renteria to second. Jones tripled to deep right center, Renteria and Jones scored. Yates pitching for Braves. Francoeur struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Yates pitching for Braves. Giles grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez doubled to center. Cameron walked. Paronto pitching for Braves. Bradley walked, Gonzalez to third, Cameron to second. Greene grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gonzalez scored, Cameron to third, Bradley safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Escobar. Bard flied out to left. Cruz Jr hit for Bell. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Cameron and Bradley scored, Greene to third. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Cruz Jr struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 8th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Diaz grounded out to second. McCann grounded out to second. Johnson hit for Paronto. Saltalamacchia walked. Saltalamacchia to second on wild pitch by Linebrink. Devine pitching for Braves. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Devine pitching for Braves. Giles grounded out to second. Giles grounded out to third. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Escobar flied out to center. Renteria struck out looking. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 5 - Padres 8.	Wells blows up, gets ejected in Padres win