Nationals - Top 1st. James pitching for Braves. Logan struck out swinging. Lopez struck out swinging. Zimmerman walked. Young grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Chico pitching for Nationals. Escobar flied out to center. Renteria singled to deep right. Jones safe at first on error by shortstop Lopez, Renteria to second. Teixeira singled to left, Renteria to third, Jones to second. Francoeur walked, Renteria scored, Jones to third, Teixeira to second. Jones hit sacrifice fly to center, Jones scored, Teixeira to third. McCann flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 2nd. James pitching for Braves. Kearns grounded out to second. Pena singled to right center. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pena out at second. Belliard to second on balk by James. Flores grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Chico pitching for Nationals. Diaz grounded out to third. James struck out swinging. Escobar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. James pitching for Braves. Chico grounded out to first. Logan reached on bunt single to pitcher. Lopez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Logan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Chico pitching for Nationals. Renteria flied out to center. Jones flied out to center. Teixeira grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. James pitching for Braves. Zimmerman lined out to first. Young grounded out to third. Kearns popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Chico pitching for Nationals. Francoeur struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. McCann singled to right. Diaz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. James pitching for Braves. Pena flied out to center. Belliard lined out to pitcher. Flores grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Chico pitching for Nationals. James grounded out to first. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop. Renteria singled to left, Escobar to second. Jones safe at first on error by center fielder Logan, Escobar to third, Renteria to second. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to third, Escobar scored, Renteria out at third, Jones to second, Jones to third, Teixeira to second on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman. Francoeur homered to right, Jones and Teixeira scored. Jones popped out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Maxwell hit for Chico. James pitching for Braves. Maxwell struck out swinging. Logan reached on bunt single to third. Lopez singled to right, Logan to second. Zimmerman struck out looking. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Albaladejo pitching for Nationals. Albaladejo pitching for Nationals. Albaladejo pitching for Nationals. Albaladejo pitching for Nationals. McCann flied out to left. Albaladejo pitching for Nationals. Albaladejo pitching for Nationals. Albaladejo pitching for Nationals. Albaladejo pitching for Nationals. McCann flied out to left. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. James grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. James pitching for Braves. Kearns singled to left. Pena popped out to shortstop. Belliard homered to left, Kearns scored. Flores doubled to deep center. Batista hit for Albaladejo. Batista singled to left, Flores to third. Moylan pitching for Braves. Logan struck out swinging. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Batista out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Escobar walked. Renteria lined out to right. Jones walked, Escobar to second. Teixeira singled to right, Escobar scored, Jones to second. Francoeur walked, Jones to third, Teixeira to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jones out at home, Teixeira to third, Francoeur to second. Munoz pitching for Nationals. McCann walked, Teixeira scored, Francoeur to third, Jones to second. Diaz lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Acosta pitching for Braves. Zimmerman walked. Young struck out looking. Kearns flied out to left. Pena lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Abreu pitching for Nationals. Thorman hit for Acosta. Thorman grounded out to second. Escobar homered to left. Johnson hit for Renteria. Johnson flied out to left. Jones flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Escobar at shortstop. Johnson at second base. Woodward at third base. Yates pitching for Braves. Belliard grounded out to first. Flores struck out looking. Langerhans hit for Abreu. Langerhans tripled to deep center. Logan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 2 - Braves 9.	Braves capitalize on Nationals' errors in victory