Giants - Top 1st. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. Renteria reached on bunt single to third. Winn flied out to right. Sandoval singled to left, Renteria to second. Lewis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Cain pitching for Giants. Lopez singled to center. Parra struck out swinging. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lopez out at second. Drew popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Uribe homered to left center. Frandsen singled to right center, Frandsen out stretching at second. Whiteside grounded out to third. Cain struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Cain pitching for Giants. Reynolds homered to right. Montero struck out swinging. Young singled to left. Whitesell singled to right, Young to third. Buckner sacrificed to first, Young scored, Whitesell to second. Lopez walked. Parra flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Rowand struck out swinging. Renteria grounded out to third. Winn doubled to deep left. Sandoval singled to right, Winn scored, Sandoval to second advancing on throw. Lewis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Cain pitching for Giants. Upton walked. Drew homered to right, Upton scored. Reynolds struck out swinging. Montero popped out to shortstop. Young struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Uribe struck out swinging. Frandsen grounded out to shortstop. Whiteside grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Cain pitching for Giants. Whitesell doubled to left. Buckner sacrificed to pitcher, Whitesell to third. Lopez walked. Parra struck out swinging. Upton lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Cain grounded out to shortstop. Rowand singled to left. Renteria singled to right, Rowand to second, Rowand to third, Renteria to first on error by right fielder Upton.E Renteria thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Winn singled to center, Rowand scored. Sandoval homered to right, Winn scored. Lewis grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Cain pitching for Giants. Drew fouled out to third. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Montero walked. Young struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Uribe doubled to left. Uribe to third on wild pitch by Buckner. Frandsen grounded out to pitcher. Uribe scored on Buckner's wild pitch. Whiteside doubled to deep left. Cain struck out swinging. Rowand singled to left, Whiteside scored, Rowand to second advancing on throw. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Renteria singled to left, Rowand scored, Renteria to second on throwing error by second baseman Lopez. Winn flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Cain pitching for Giants. Whitesell grounded out to second. Byrnes hit for Vasquez. Byrnes grounded out to first. Lopez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Zavada pitching for Diamondbacks. Sandoval reached on infield single to second. Lewis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sandoval out at second. Uribe flied out to center. Frandsen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Cain pitching for Giants. Parra walked. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Parra out at second. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Torres in left field. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to second, Upton out at second. Reynolds singled to right, Drew to second. Montero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Snyder catching. Whiteside singled to center. Torres bunt popped out to third. Rowand walked, Whiteside to second. Renteria grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rowand out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Howry pitching for Giants. Young bunt grounded out to pitcher. Whitesell walked. Snyder grounded into double play, third to second to first, Whitesell out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Winn walked. Sandoval struck out swinging. Schierholtz hit for Howry. Schierholtz flied out to center. Uribe hit ground rule double to deep center, Winn to third. Frandsen safe at first on error by pitcher Boyer, Winn scored, Uribe to third. Whiteside popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Medders pitching for Giants. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Parra grounded out to second. Upton popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 9 - Diamondbacks 4.	Sandoval provides spark as Giants rally back