Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Royals. Lopez flied out to left. Drew flied out to center. Upton doubled to right. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. DeJesus flied out to left. Bloomquist struck out looking. Butler walked. Jacobs singled to center, Butler to third. Guillen doubled to right, Butler scored, Jacobs to third. Teahen grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Parra flied out to center. Young walked. Montero doubled to deep right center, Young to third. Snyder hit sacrifice fly to center, Young scored. Whitesell grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Callaspo walked. Olivo struck out swinging. Maier singled to left center, Callaspo to second. DeJesus flied out to left. Bloomquist flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Lopez struck out swinging. Drew grounded out to second. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Butler singled to center. Jacobs grounded into fielder's choice to second, Butler out at second. Guillen singled to center, Jacobs to second. Teahen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Guillen out at second, Jacobs to third. Callaspo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Reynolds struck out swinging. Parra singled to right. Young walked, Parra to second. Montero singled to right, Parra scored, Young to second, Young to third, Montero to second on throwing error by right fielder Guillen. Snyder grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young and Montero scored. Whitesell struck out swinging. Lopez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Olivo grounded out to shortstop. Maier singled to center. DeJesus grounded out to first, Maier to second. Bloomquist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Drew bunt grounded out to pitcher. Upton singled to center. Reynolds struck out swinging. Parra grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Butler popped out to second. Jacobs tripled to deep right. Guillen grounded out to third, Jacobs scored. Teahen walked. Callaspo flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Young flied out to center. Montero struck out swinging. Snyder reached on infield single to third. Whitesell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Olivo struck out swinging. Maier reached on infield single to third. DeJesus struck out looking. Bloomquist reached on bunt single to pitcher, Maier to second. Butler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Lopez flied out to right. Drew doubled to deep center. Upton fouled out to right. Reynolds homered to left center, Drew scored. Bale pitching for Royals. Parra flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Ojeda at third base. Schoeneweis pitching for Diamondbacks. Jacobs grounded out to shortstop. Guillen walked. Teahen flied out to left. Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks. Callaspo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Bale pitching for Royals. Young walked. Montero flied out to right. Colon pitching for Royals. Snyder singled to deep right center, Young to third. Whitesell singled to left, Young scored, Snyder to second. Lopez singled to left, Snyder to third, Whitesell to second. Mahay pitching for Royals. Drew tripled to deep right, Snyder, Whitesell and Lopez scored. Upton singled to right, Drew scored. Ojeda flied out to left. Parra struck out looking. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Hernandez hit for Olivo. Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernandez grounded out to first. Maier struck out looking. Hulett hit for DeJesus. Hulett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Hulett in left field. Pena catching. Hernandez at shortstop. Farnsworth pitching for Royals. Young reached on infield single to shortstop. Montero singled to right, Young to second. Snyder grounded into fielder's choice to third, Montero out at second, Young to third, Young scored, Snyder to second on throwing error by second baseman Callaspo. Whitesell walked. Roberts struck out looking. Drew struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 9th. Roberts at second base. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Pena singled to shallow right. Butler singled to right, Pena to second. Jacobs walked, Pena to third, Butler to second. Guillen singled to left, Pena scored, Butler to third, Jacobs to second. Teahen flied out to left. Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to center, Butler scored. Hernandez singled to left center, Jacobs scored, Guillen to second. Maier struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 12 - Royals 5.	Scherzer outduels Greinke as D-backs romp