Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Lopez lined out to center. Drew flied out to right. Upton lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Suzuki singled to left. Branyan lined out to right. Beltre singled to shallow left, Suzuki to second. Suzuki stole third, Beltre stole second. Sweeney lined out to second. Gutierrez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Parra flied out to center. Clark walked. Byrnes singled to right, Clark to second. Montero lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Chavez bunt grounded out to catcher. Woodward singled to left center. Johnson walked, Woodward to second. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second, Woodward to third. Suzuki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Roberts walked. Lopez singled to left, Roberts to second. Drew sacrificed to catcher, Roberts to third, Lopez to second, Drew safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Washburn. Roberts scored, Lopez to third on throwing error by pitcher Wa. Upton grounded out to shortstop, Lopez scored, Drew to third. Reynolds walked. Parra grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reynolds out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Branyan popped out to third. Beltre grounded out to second. Sweeney singled to deep right center. Gutierrez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Clark grounded out to pitcher. Byrnes flied out to left. Montero homered to right. Roberts flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Chavez singled to center. Woodward lined out to center. Johnson flied out to right. Chavez stole second. Betancourt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Lopez popped out to shortstop. Balentien in left field. Drew struck out looking. Upton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Suzuki grounded out to second. Branyan flied out to center. Beltre grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Reynolds flied out to left. Parra struck out swinging. Clark struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Sweeney flied out to center. Gutierrez singled to shallow left. Balentien singled to right center, Gutierrez to second. Woodward grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Balentien out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Byrnes fouled out to first. Montero flied out to left. Roberts fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson flied out to right. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Drew popped out to third. Upton singled to left. Reynolds lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Schoeneweis pitching for Diamondbacks. Branyan homered to right. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Beltre singled to left center. Sweeney struck out swinging. Beltre to second on wild pitch by Pena. Gutierrez flied out to center, Beltre to third. Griffey Jr hit for Balentien. Griffey Jr homered to center, Beltre scored. Woodward singled to left. Woodward stole second. Johnson tripled to left, Woodward scored. Betancourt struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Cedeno in left field. Aardsma pitching for Mariners. Parra struck out looking. Clark struck out looking. Byrnes singled to shallow left. Byrnes to second on wild pitch by Aardsma. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Mariners 4.	Griffey's pinch-hit homer sparks Mariners' rally