Diamondbacks - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Lopez grounded out to second. Roberts grounded out to second. Upton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler struck out looking. Barmes lined out to center. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Reynolds singled to right. Parra grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Reynolds out at second. Young walked. Carlin grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe grounded out to first. Tulowitzki flied out to right. Stewart homered to right center. Iannetta singled to center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Ojeda struck out swinging. Scherzer struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. De La Rosa struck out swinging. Fowler grounded out to second. Barmes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Roberts flied out to center. Upton walked. Reynolds lined out to third. Parra grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton doubled to deep left. Hawpe flied out to center, Helton to third. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Stewart flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Young walked. Carlin grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young out at second. Ojeda grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second to first, Carlin out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Iannetta singled to center. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher, Iannetta to second. De La Rosa grounded out to shortstop, Iannetta to third. Fowler doubled to left, Iannetta scored, Fowler scored on throwing error by left fielder Parra. Barmes struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Scherzer singled to center. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Scherzer out at second. Roberts singled to center, Lopez to second. Upton struck out swinging. Lopez to third, Roberts to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa. Reynolds walked. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton walked. Hawpe grounded out to shortstop, Helton to second. Tulowitzki doubled to deep right center, Helton scored. Stewart safe at first on error by center fielder Young, Tulowitzki to third. Iannetta hit sacrifice fly to right, Tulowitzki scored. Stewart stole second, Stewart safe at third on throwing error by catcher Carlin. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Young singled to center. Carlin struck out looking. Ojeda flied out to left. Clark hit for Scherzer. Clark lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. De La Rosa struck out swinging. Fowler struck out swinging. Barmes fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Lopez safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki. Roberts sacrificed to catcher, Lopez to second. Upton struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton grounded out to third. Hawpe grounded out to shortstop. Tulowitzki reached on infield single to third. Stewart grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Peralta pitching for Rockies. Parra lined out to center. Young struck out looking. Tracy hit for Carlin. Street pitching for Rockies. Tracy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 0 - Rockies 5.	Rockies blank D-backs as home streak hits six