Mets - Top 1st. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Sullivan grounded out to first. Cora struck out looking. Wright singled to right. Sheffield reached on infield single to third, Wright to second. Francoeur flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Mets. Oeltjen grounded out to first. Ojeda tripled to deep center. Roberts struck out swinging. Reynolds walked. Parra struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Tatis walked. Santos grounded into double play, third to second to first, Tatis out at second. Hernandez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Mets. Snyder walked. Ryal doubled to left, Snyder to third. Whitesell grounded out to third. Garland struck out looking. Oeltjen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez struck out swinging. Sullivan flied out to left. Cora grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Mets. Ojeda walked. Roberts doubled to left, Ojeda scored. Roberts to third on wild pitch by Perez. Reynolds struck out swinging. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to first, Roberts out at home. Snyder walked, Parra to second. Ryal flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Wright safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds. Sheffield flied out to left. Francoeur lined out to center. Tatis singled to left center, Wright to second. Santos grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Mets. Whitesell struck out swinging. Garland singled to right. Oeltjen flied out to center. Ojeda walked, Garland to second. Roberts struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernandez struck out looking. Perez struck out swinging. Sullivan tripled to deep center. Cora struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Mets. Reynolds flied out to right. Parra singled to center. Snyder popped out to second. Ryal doubled to left, Parra to third. Whitesell intentionally walked. Garland struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Garland pitching for Diamondbacks. Wright struck out swinging, Wright safe at first on passed ball by Snyder. Sheffield singled to center, Wright to second. Wright to third, Sheffield to second on wild pitch by Garland. Francoeur walked. Wright scored, Sheffield to third, Francoeur to second on wild pitch by Garland. Tatis singled to right, Tatis out at second, Sheffield advancing on play. and Francoeur scored advancing on throw. Santos grounded out to pitcher. Hernandez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Mets. Oeltjen flied out to right. Green pitching for Mets. Green pitching for Mets. Green pitching for Mets. Green pitching for Mets. Ojeda struck out looking. Green pitching for Mets. Green pitching for Mets. Green pitching for Mets. Green pitching for Mets. Ojeda struck out looking. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Zavada pitching for Diamondbacks. Green struck out swinging. Sullivan walked. Cora grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sullivan out at second. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Wright singled to right, Cora to third. Sheffield hit by pitch, Wright to second. Francoeur flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Reed in left field. Green pitching for Mets. Reynolds hit by pitch. Parra doubled to deep center, Reynolds to third. Snyder struck out swinging. Drew hit for Ryal. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Reynolds out at home, Parra to third. Whitesell singled to right, Parra scored, Drew to third. Montero hit for Boyer. Montero singled to left, Drew scored, Whitesell to second. Oeltjen flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Ojeda at second base. Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew at shortstop. Montero catching. Tatis singled to left. Santos sacrificed to pitcher, Tatis to second. Murphy hit for Hernandez. Murphy fouled out to catcher. Castillo hit for Feliciano. Castillo singled to center, Tatis scored. Castillo stole second. Sullivan tripled to deep right center, Castillo scored. Cora flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Cora at shortstop. Stokes pitching for Mets. Castillo at second base. Ojeda struck out swinging. Roberts walked. Reynolds grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Roberts out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Schlereth pitching for Diamondbacks. Wright reached on infield single to shortstop, Wright to second on throwing error by shortstop Drew. Reed sacrificed to pitcher, Wright to third. Francoeur intentionally walked. Tatis struck out swinging, Wright scored, Francoeur to second on wild pitch by Schlereth. Santos flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Mets. Parra reached on infield single to shortstop. Romero hit for Schlereth. Romero struck out swinging. Drew lined out to center. Parra to second on fielder's indifference. Whitesell singled to right, Parra scored. Montero struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 6 - Diamondbacks 4.	Sullivan, Sheffield power Mets past D-backs