Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Drew struck out swinging. Roberts singled to left center. Parra grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Roberts out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Rollins flied out to left. Victorino tripled to deep center. Utley walked. Howard doubled to deep right, Victorino scored, Utley to third. Werth lined out to third. Francisco singled to right center, Utley and Howard scored. Feliz popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Reynolds singled to left. Montero struck out swinging. Tracy singled to right, Reynolds to second. Oeltjen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tracy out at second, Reynolds to third. Romero singled to right, Reynolds scored, Oeltjen to third. Davis lined out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Blanton struck out swinging. Rollins grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Drew lined out to left. Roberts singled to center. Parra flied into double play, right to first, Roberts doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Victorino struck out swinging. Utley struck out swinging. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Reynolds doubled to center. Montero doubled to deep left, Reynolds scored. Tracy singled to center, Montero scored. Oeltjen bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Tracy out at second. Romero popped out to shortstop. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Oeltjen out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Werth singled to deep left. Francisco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Werth safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds. Feliz popped out to shortstop. Ruiz walked, Werth to third, Francisco to second. Blanton grounded out to shortstop, Werth scored, Francisco to third, Ruiz to second. Rollins walked. Victorino lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Drew singled to right. Roberts flied out to center. Parra flied out to left. Reynolds popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Utley flied out to left. Howard walked. Werth homered to center, Howard scored. Francisco struck out swinging. Feliz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Montero grounded out to first. Tracy struck out looking. Oeltjen lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruiz homered to left. Blanton singled to left. Rollins singled to right, Blanton to second. Victorino flied out to center. Schlereth pitching for Diamondbacks. Utley singled to center, Blanton scored, Rollins to third, Utley to second advancing on throw. Howard homered to center, Rollins and Utley scored. Werth walked. Francisco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Werth out at second. Feliz grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Romero grounded out to second. Whitesell hit for Schlereth. Whitesell flied out to center. Drew singled to center. Roberts flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruiz walked. Blanton singled to center, Ruiz to second. Rollins reached on infield single to shortstop, Ruiz to third, Blanton to second. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ruiz scored, Blanton out at third, Rollins to second. Bruntlett hit for Utley. Bruntlett flied out to left. Howard flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Bruntlett at second base. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Parra flied out to left. Ojeda hit for Reynolds. Ojeda popped out to first. Montero struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Ojeda at third base. Vásquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Werth flied out to right. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Francisco struck out swinging. Feliz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Tracy struck out swinging. Oeltjen flied out to left. Romero flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Phillies 12.	Phillies charge past D-backs