Astros - Top 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Altuve flied out to right . Barnes struck out swinging . Laird singled to left center . Carter singled to left , Laird to second . Pena singled to right , Laird scored , Carter to third . Cedeno walked , Pena to second . Corporan doubled to deep right , Carter and Pena scored , Cedeno to third . Dominguez lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Harrell pitching for Astros . Gardner struck out looking . Cano singled to center . Wells grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cano out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Grossman hit by pitch . Altuve grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Grossman out at second . Barnes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Harrell pitching for Astros . Hafner hit by pitch . Boesch grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Hafner out at second . Nix grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Laird grounded out to third . Carter flied out to center . Pena tripled to deep center . Cedeno flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Harrell pitching for Astros . Overbay struck out swinging . Nunez grounded out to shortstop . Romine grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Corporan singled to left . Dominguez flied out to center . Grossman struck out looking . Altuve doubled to deep right center , Corporan to third . Barnes doubled to deep left , Corporan and Altuve scored . Barnes stole third . Laird grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Harrell pitching for Astros . Gardner reached on bunt single to first . Cano grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gardner out at second . Wells singled to right center . Hafner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Carter singled to left . Pena struck out swinging . Cedeno doubled to left , Carter to third . Warren pitching for Yankees . Carter scored , Cedeno to third on wild pitch by Warren . Corporan homered to right ( 353 feet ) , Cedeno scored . Dominguez walked . Grossman singled to right , Dominguez to second . Altuve struck out swinging . Barnes singled to left , Dominguez scored , Grossman to third , Barnes to second advancing on throw . Laird flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Harrell pitching for Astros . Boesch grounded out to first . Nix grounded out to third . Overbay singled to center . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Overbay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Warren pitching for Yankees . Carter flied out to center . Pena struck out swinging . Cedeno grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Harrell pitching for Astros . Romine struck out looking . Gardner singled to left . Cano singled to left , Gardner to second . Gardner to third on wild pitch by Harrell . Wells singled to center , Gardner scored , Cano to second . Hafner struck out swinging . Boesch walked , Cano to third , Wells to second . Nix grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Nuno pitching for Yankees . Corporan singled to left center . Dominguez flied out to center . Grossman flied out to right . Altuve singled to center , Corporan thrown out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Harrell pitching for Astros . Overbay lined out to center . Nunez singled to right . Romine hit by pitch , Nunez to second . Blackley pitching for Astros . Gardner grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Romine out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Nuno pitching for Yankees . Barnes doubled to deep left . Laird singled to center , Barnes to third . Carter struck out swinging . Pena struck out looking . Cedeno flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Barnes in left field . Ankiel in right field . Blackley pitching for Astros . Cano popped out to third . Wells walked . Hafner flied out to center . Wells to second on fielder 's indifference . Wells to third on wild pitch by Blackley . Boesch walked . Nix flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Francisco in left field . Nuno pitching for Yankees . Corporan safe at first on error by shortstop Nunez . Dominguez flied out to left . Grossman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Corporan out at second . Altuve flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Cruz pitching for Astros . Overbay fouled out to third . Nunez fouled out to catcher . Romine flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 9 - Yankees 1 .	Astros pound Pettitte , cruise past Yankees