Astros - Top 1st . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Barnes struck out swinging . Altuve grounded out to third . Castro walked . Martinez singled to center , Castro to third . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Harrell pitching for Astros . Fowler struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez walked . Gonzalez stole second . Gonzalez stole third . Tulowitzki walked . Cuddyer reached on infield single to second , Gonzalez scored , Tulowitzki to second , Tulowitzki to third , Cuddyer to second on throwing error by second baseman Altuve . Helton grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 2nd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Carter grounded out to shortstop . Dominguez grounded out to third . Cedeno flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Harrell pitching for Astros . Arenado grounded out to third . Torrealba reached on infield single to third . Nicasio sacrificed to pitcher , Torrealba to second . Fowler singled to right , Torrealba scored , Fowler to second advancing on throw . LeMahieu hit by pitch . Fowler stole third , LeMahieu stole second . Gonzalez walked . Tulowitzki flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Harrell walked . Barnes flied out to center . Altuve lined into double play , pitcher to first , Harrell doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Harrell pitching for Astros . Cuddyer singled to right . Helton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cuddyer out at second , Helton to second on throwing error by shortstop Cedeno . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helton to third on throwing error by shortstop Cedeno . Torrealba singled to left center , Helton scored , Arenado to second . Nicasio sacrificed to third , Arenado to third , Torrealba to second , Nicasio safe at first on error by catcher Castro . Arenado to third on error by catcher Castro . Fowler grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Arenado out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 3 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Castro doubled to deep right . Martinez singled to right , Castro to third . Pena grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Castro scored , Martinez out at second . Carter grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Harrell pitching for Astros . LeMahieu grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Dominguez flied out to left . Cedeno struck out swinging . Harrell walked . Barnes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Harrell pitching for Astros . Cuddyer flied out to right . Helton singled to left . Arenado grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Altuve reached on infield single to second . Castro doubled to deep right , Altuve to third . Martinez singled to left , Altuve scored , Castro to third . Pena reached on infield single to first , Castro scored , Martinez to second . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Carter homered to left ( 410 feet ) , Martinez and Pena scored . Dominguez homered to left ( 397 feet ) . Cedeno struck out swinging . Harrell grounded out to first . Barnes struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Crowe in left field . Harrell pitching for Astros . Torrealba struck out swinging . Young Jr. hit for Lopez . Young Jr. grounded out to first . Fowler walked . LeMahieu singled to center , Fowler to third . Gonzalez singled to right center , Fowler scored , LeMahieu to third . Peacock pitching for Astros . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Altuve grounded out to third . Castro walked . Martinez struck out looking . Pena grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Helton flied out to center . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Crowe singled to center . Dominguez popped out to first . Cedeno hit by pitch , Crowe to second . Peacock sacrificed to first , Crowe to third , Cedeno to second . Barnes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Torrealba singled to left . Pacheco hit for Ottavino . Pacheco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Torrealba out at second . Fowler walked . LeMahieu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Outman pitching for Rockies . Altuve flied out to center . Castro flied out to center . Martinez singled to right center . Pena struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Wright pitching for Astros . Gonzalez singled to center . Ambriz pitching for Astros . Gonzalez stole second . Tulowitzki singled to left , Gonzalez to third . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Helton hit sacrifice fly to left , Gonzalez scored . Arenado struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 7 - Rockies 5 .	Astros complete 2 - game sweep at Coors