Astros - Top 1st . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Elmore walked . Altuve grounded into double play , third to second to first , Elmore out at second . Castro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Lyles pitching for Astros . Carpenter grounded out to pitcher . Jay grounded out to first . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Carter homered to right ( 373 feet ) . Wallace singled to center . Martinez walked , Wallace to second . Barnes grounded out to second , Wallace to third , Martinez to second . Dominguez safe at first on error by second baseman Carpenter , Wallace scored , Martinez to third . Lyles bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Martinez out at home , Dominguez to second . Elmore walked , Dominguez to third , Lyles to second . Altuve flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Lyles pitching for Astros . Craig walked . Craig to second on wild pitch by Lyles . Adams singled to center , Craig scored . Freese fouled out to right . Descalso grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Adams out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Castro struck out swinging . Carter walked . Wallace singled to right , Carter to third . Martinez struck out swinging . Barnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Lyles pitching for Astros . Cruz grounded out to second . Miller grounded out to shortstop . Carpenter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Dominguez walked . Lyles struck out bunting foul . Elmore grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dominguez out at second . Altuve flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Lyles pitching for Astros . Jay flied out to left . Holliday doubled to deep right . Craig grounded out to shortstop . Adams reached on infield single to shortstop , Holliday to third . Freese grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Castro hit ground rule double to deep center . Carter struck out swinging . Wallace grounded out to first , Castro to third . Martinez singled to center , Castro scored . Barnes popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Lyles pitching for Astros . Descalso grounded out to shortstop . Cruz reached on infield single to third . Robinson hit for Miller . Robinson singled to right center , Cruz to third . Carpenter walked , Robinson to second . Jay struck out swinging . Holliday singled to right , Cruz and Robinson scored , Carpenter to third . Craig grounded out to catcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Dominguez grounded out to shortstop . Lyles struck out swinging . Elmore fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Lyles pitching for Astros . Adams grounded out to shortstop . Freese grounded out to pitcher . Descalso fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Altuve singled to center . Castro lined out to second . Carter walked , Altuve to second . Wallace singled to right , Altuve scored , Carter to third . Martinez struck out swinging . Barnes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Lyles pitching for Astros . Cruz hit by pitch . Molina hit for Maness . Molina struck out swinging . Wright pitching for Astros . Carpenter homered to right ( 399 feet ) , Cruz scored . Jay flied out to center . Clemens pitching for Astros . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Dominguez struck out swinging . Krauss hit for Clemens . Krauss singled to center . Paredes ran for Krauss . Elmore popped out to shortstop . Altuve singled to center , Paredes to third . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Cisnero pitching for Astros . Craig walked . Adams struck out swinging , Craig stole second . Freese struck out swinging . Descalso intentionally walked . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Descalso out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Descalso at third base . Kozma at shortstop . Carter struck out swinging . Wallace singled to left . Martinez safe at first on error by third baseman Descalso , Wallace to second . Pena hit for Barnes . Pena grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 4 - Cardinals 5 .	Carpenter 's homer sends Cards by Astros