Astros - Top 1st . Garza pitching for Rangers . Grossman struck out looking . Wallace struck out looking . Altuve grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Harrell pitching for Astros . Martin reached on infield single to second . Andrus singled to right , Martin to third . Andrus stole second . Kinsler hit sacrifice fly to center , Martin scored , Andrus to third . Beltre intentionally walked . Pierzynski struck out swinging , Andrus scored , Beltre stole second . Rios grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Garza pitching for Rangers . Castro doubled to deep right center . Carter doubled to deep left , Castro scored . Dominguez grounded out to shortstop . Corporan struck out swinging . Hoes grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Harrell pitching for Astros . Moreland grounded out to third . Profar popped out to shortstop . Murphy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Garza pitching for Rangers . Villar grounded out to second . Grossman struck out swinging . Wallace grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Harrell pitching for Astros . Martin reached on bunt single to catcher . Andrus singled to center , Martin to second . Kinsler sacrificed to catcher , Martin to third , Andrus to second . Beltre intentionally walked . Pierzynski singled to right , Martin and Andrus scored , Beltre to second . Rios singled to left , Beltre to third , Pierzynski to second . Moreland doubled to deep center , Beltre and Pierzynski scored , Rios to third . Profar walked . LeBlanc pitching for Astros . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rios and Moreland scored on error by shortstop Villar , Profar safe at second on error by shortstop Villar . Martin walked , Profar to third , Murphy to second . Andrus safe at first on error by third baseman Dominguez , Profar scored , Murphy to third , Martin to second . Kinsler singled to left , Murphy and Martin scored , Andrus to third , Kinsler to second advancing on throw . Beltre grounded out to shortstop , Andrus scored . Pierzynski singled to shallow left , Kinsler scored . Rios lined out to right . 11 Runs , 7 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Garza pitching for Rangers . Altuve lined out to right . Castro singled to center . Carter struck out swinging . Dominguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Elmore catching . LeBlanc pitching for Astros . Moreland grounded out to second . Profar grounded out to third . Murphy doubled to deep center . Martin singled to right , Murphy scored . Andrus walked , Martin to second . Kinsler flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Garza pitching for Rangers . Elmore walked . Hoes struck out swinging . Villar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Elmore out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . LeBlanc pitching for Astros . Beltre grounded out to third . Pierzynski doubled to deep right center . Rios struck out looking . Moreland flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Garza pitching for Rangers . Grossman flied out to left . Wallace struck out looking . Altuve singled to center . Gonzalez ran for Altuve . Castro popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez at second base . Humber pitching for Astros . Profar doubled to deep center . Murphy grounded out to first , Profar to third . Martin grounded out to second , Profar scored . Andrus grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Rosales at shortstop . Baker at third base . Garza pitching for Rangers . Carter flied out to right . Dominguez doubled to deep left . Elmore singled to center , Dominguez to third . Hoes singled to center , Dominguez scored , Elmore to second . Elmore to third , Hoes to second on wild pitch by Garza . Villar struck out swinging . Grossman doubled to right center , Elmore and Hoes scored . Ross pitching for Rangers . Wallace hit ground rule double to deep center , Grossman scored . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Humber pitching for Astros . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Baker grounded out to first . Pierzynski homered to right ( 420 feet ) . Gentry hit for Rios . Gentry flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Martin in right field . Gentry in center field . Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Rangers . Castro walked . Carter flied out to center . Dominguez popped out to second . Elmore grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Castro catching . Elmore pitching for Astros . Moreland flied out to center . Profar grounded out to first . Murphy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Soria pitching for Rangers . Hoes grounded out to second . Villar struck out swinging . Grossman lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 5 - Rangers 16 .	Rangers ride 11 - run third to rout of Astros