Astros - Top 1st . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Villar struck out swinging . Altuve bunt grounded out to pitcher . Crowe doubled to deep right . Castro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Crisp grounded out to third . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Lowrie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Dominguez struck out looking . Carter flied out to left . Wallace walked . Barnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Cespedes singled to center . Freiman singled to right , Cespedes to second . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Freiman out at second , Cespedes to third . Young reached on bunt single to second , Cespedes scored , Callaspo to second . Moss struck out swinging . Norris reached on infield single to shortstop , Callaspo to third , Young to second . Crisp flied out to right . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Clark struck out swinging . Villar doubled to left . Altuve singled to right , Villar scored . Crowe singled to center , Altuve to second . Castro flied out to right , Altuve to third , Crowe to second . Dominguez singled to left , Altuve and Crowe scored . Carter fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Donaldson doubled to deep center . Lowrie doubled to left center , Donaldson scored . Cespedes singled to left , Lowrie to third . Freiman reached on infield single to shortstop , Lowrie scored , Cespedes to second . Callaspo grounded into double play , third to first , Cespedes out at third , Freiman to second . Young intentionally walked . Moss struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Wallace singled to right center . Barnes hit by pitch , Wallace to second . Clark sacrificed to third , Wallace to third , Barnes to second . Villar reached on bunt single to first , Wallace scored , Barnes to third . Altuve fouled out to third . Villar stole second . Crowe flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Norris grounded out to third . Crisp walked . Donaldson singled to left , Crisp to second . Lowrie singled to center , Crisp scored , Donaldson to second . Humber pitching for Astros . Donaldson stole third . Cespedes grounded out to third , Donaldson scored , Lowrie to second . Freiman grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Castro struck out looking . Dominguez struck out swinging . Carter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Humber pitching for Astros . Callaspo flied out to center . Young lined out to left . Moss safe at second on error by left fielder Carter . Norris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 6th . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Wallace popped out to shortstop . Barnes struck out swinging . Clark struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Crowe in center field . Hoes in right field . Humber pitching for Astros . Crisp tripled to deep right center . Donaldson homered to left ( 399 feet ) , Crisp scored . Lowrie struck out swinging . Cespedes flied out to center . Freiman struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Villar struck out swinging . Altuve struck out swinging . Crowe lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Humber pitching for Astros . Callaspo singled to center . Sogard ran for Callaspo . Young flied out to right . Moss walked , Sogard to second . Vogt hit for Norris . Vogt lined out to third . Crisp walked , Sogard to third , Moss to second . Donaldson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Sogard at second base . Vogt catching . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Castro struck out swinging . Cook pitching for Athletics . Dominguez struck out looking . Carter doubled to deep left center . Wallace singled to left , Carter to third . Hoes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Lo pitching for Astros . Lowrie lined out to center . Cespedes struck out swinging . Smith hit for Freiman . Smith grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Suzuki catching . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Krauss hit for Clark . Krauss grounded out to first . Villar reached on infield single to shortstop . Altuve singled to right , Villar to third . Crowe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Villar scored , Altuve safe at second on error by second baseman Sogard . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Crowe out at second , Altuve to third . Elmore ran for Castro . Elmore to second on wild pitch by Balfour . Dominguez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 5 - Athletics 7 .	Donaldson powers A 's back into 1st place