Rangers - Top 1st. Escobar pitching for Angels. Lofton grounded out to second. Catalanotto lined out to first. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Matthews walked. Cabrera singled to right, Matthews to second. Guerrero singled to left, Matthews scored, Cabrera to second. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Guerrero out at second, Cabrera to third, Cabrera scored, Anderson to second on error by pitcher Padilla. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. Kotchman walked. Kendrick grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 2nd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Teixeira grounded out to second. Sosa singled to center. Blalock struck out swinging. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Napoli struck out swinging. Izturis singled to left, Izturis out stretching at second. Matthews walked. Cabrera lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Laird grounded out to third. Kinsler homered to left. Lofton doubled to deep center. Catalanotto grounded out to second, Lofton to third. Young grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Guerrero homered to left center. Anderson flied out to left. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. Kotchman grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Teixeira walked. Sosa flied out to right. Blalock grounded out to second, Teixeira to second. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Kendrick singled to right. Napoli grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kendrick out at second. Izturis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Laird fouled out to catcher. Kinsler walked. Kinsler stole second. Lofton grounded out to shortstop, Kinsler to third. Catalanotto walked. Young safe at first on error by second baseman Kendrick, Kinsler scored, Catalanotto to second. Teixeira walked, Catalanotto to third, Young to second. Sosa struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 5th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Matthews singled to left. Cabrera singled to right, Matthews to second, Matthews scored, Cabrera to third on error by right fielder Cruz. Guerrero singled to left, Cabrera scored. Anderson grounded out to first, Guerrero to second. Hillenbrand flied out to right. Kotchman singled to left, Guerrero scored. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kotchman out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 6th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Blalock walked. Cruz flied out to right. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Laird doubled to left, Blalock to third. Kinsler walked. Oliver pitching for Angels. Kata hit for Catalanotto. Lofton hit sacrifice fly to center, Blalock scored. Kata walked, Laird to third, Kinsler to second. Speier pitching for Angels. Kata in left field. Young flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Napoli walked. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Napoli out at second. Izturis stole second. Matthews singled to left center, Izturis scored. Cabrera lined out to center. Matthews to second on passed ball by Laird. Guerrero intentionally walked. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Anderson popped out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Speier pitching for Angels. Teixeira walked. Sosa struck out looking. Blalock lined out to right. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Hillenbrand singled to right. Kotchman hit by pitch, Hillenbrand to second. Kendrick singled to left, Hillenbrand scored, Kotchman to second. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kendrick out at second, Kotchman to third. Izturis popped out to third. Shields pitching for Angels. Matthews flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Laird struck out swinging. Kinsler struck out looking. Chen pitching for Rangers. Lofton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Chen pitching for Rangers. Cabrera flied out to left. Guerrero singled to center. Anderson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Guerrero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Shields pitching for Angels. Kata grounded out to first. Young flied out to center. Teixeira grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 3 - Angels 8.	Nothing new: Vlad pounds Rangers in Angels' win