Angels - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Matthews struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to center. Guerrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Sizemore walked. Nixon flied out to center. Sizemore stole second. Hafner intentionally walked. Blake struck out looking. Dellucci grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hafner out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Anderson singled to center. Hillenbrand flied out to left. Quinlan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Anderson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Peralta walked. Barfield flied out to center. Marte flied out to left. Shoppach homered to right center, Peralta scored. Sizemore walked. Sizemore stole second. Nixon popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Kendrick singled to left. Napoli grounded out to third, Kendrick to second. Izturis singled to left, Kendrick scored. Matthews walked, Izturis to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Matthews out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Angels. Hafner struck out looking. Blake homered to left. Dellucci singled to deep right center, Dellucci out stretching at second. Peralta flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Guerrero grounded out to third. Anderson struck out swinging. Hillenbrand singled to deep left. Quinlan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Angels. Barfield singled to right center. Marte doubled to deep left, Barfield scored. Shoppach grounded out to second, Marte to third. Sizemore fouled out to third. Nixon grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Kendrick reached on infield single to first, Kendrick to second on error by shortstop Peralta. Napoli reached on infield single to third, Kendrick to third. Izturis struck out swinging. Matthews grounded out to catcher, Napoli to second. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Kendrick and Napoli scored. Guerrero flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Angels. Hafner singled to right. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hafner out at second. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Dellucci singled to right, Blake to third. Peralta hit sacrifice fly to left, Blake scored. Barfield walked, Dellucci to second. Marte doubled to deep left, Dellucci and Barfield scored. Shoppach struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Anderson singled to left. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. Quinlan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Anderson out at second. Kendrick singled to center, Quinlan to second. Napoli flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Sizemore grounded out to first. Nixon flied out to right. Hafner singled to center. Blake singled to left, Hafner to second. Dellucci popped out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Izturis walked. Matthews singled to left, Izturis to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guerrero flied out to right. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Barfield grounded out to third. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Kotchman hit for Quinlan. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Hillenbrand flied out to center. Kotchman walked. Kendrick doubled to deep center, Kotchman to third. Napoli walked. Fultz pitching for Indians. Izturis singled to left, Kotchman and Kendrick scored, Napoli to second. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Matthews struck out swinging. Kotchman at first base. Cabrera struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Shoppach grounded out to third. Sizemore walked. Sizemore stole second. Oliver pitching for Angels. Nixon grounded out to first, Sizemore to third. Borowski pitching for Indians. Hafner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Borowski pitching for Indians. Guerrero lined out to center. Anderson singled to right. Hillenbrand flied out to left. Anderson to second on fielder's indifference. Aybar ran for Kotchman. Kotchman singled to right, Anderson scored. Aybar caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Kendrick batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 6 - Indians 7.	Sabathia delivers, Indians win in Milwaukee