Mariners - Top 1st. Colon pitching for Angels. Suzuki doubled to deep center. Beltre grounded out to second, Suzuki to third. Vidro struck out swinging. Ibanez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Matthews singled to right. Matthews stole second. Cabrera singled to center, Matthews scored. Guerrero homered to left, Cabrera scored. Anderson struck out swinging. Hillenbrand singled to center. Quinlan walked, Hillenbrand to second. Napoli lined into double play, pitcher to second, Hillenbrand out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Colon pitching for Angels. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. Guillen safe at first on error by first baseman Quinlan. Johjima popped out to second. Betancourt singled to right, Guillen to second. Lopez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Izturis singled to right. Aybar flied out to center. Matthews grounded into fielder's choice to second, Izturis out at second. Matthews stole second. Cabrera walked. Guerrero intentionally walked, Matthews to third, Cabrera to second. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Colon pitching for Angels. Suzuki singled to right. Beltre flied out to center. Vidro popped out to shortstop. Ibanez lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Hillenbrand flied out to left. Quinlan flied out to center. Napoli walked. Napoli caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Izturis batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Colon pitching for Angels. Sexson flied out to right. Guillen flied out to right. Johjima singled to center. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johjima out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Izturis grounded out to third. Aybar singled to center. Matthews grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Aybar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Colon pitching for Angels. Lopez flied out to right. Suzuki flied out to center. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Cabrera walked. Guerrero walked, Cabrera to second. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Anderson doubled to left center, Cabrera scored, Guerrero to third. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. Quinlan singled to left, Guerrero and Anderson scored, Quinlan to second advancing on throw. Napoli singled to left, Quinlan to third. Izturis popped out to third. Aybar reached on infield single to second, Quinlan scored, Napoli to second. Matthews walked, Napoli to third, Aybar to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matthews out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Colon pitching for Angels. Vidro flied out to center. Ibanez flied out to center. Burke catching. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Anderson flied out to center. Hillenbrand grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Colon pitching for Angels. Guillen lined out to shortstop. Burke reached on infield single to second. Betancourt singled to center, Burke to second. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop, Burke to third, Betancourt to second. Suzuki grounded out to first, Burke scored, Betancourt to third, Lopez to second. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Quinlan singled to left. Napoli flied out to right. Izturis flied out to right. Aybar grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Vidro singled to right, Vidro to second on error by right fielder Guerrero. Ibanez singled to left, Vidro to third. Sexson struck out looking. Shields pitching for Angels. Guillen singled to left, Vidro scored, Ibanez to second. Broussard hit for Betancourt. Burke walked, Ibanez to third, Guillen to second. Broussard homered to right, Ibanez, Guillen and Burke scored. Lopez grounded out to third. Bloomquist at shortstop. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Suzuki grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 8th. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Matthews singled to right. Matthews stole second. Cabrera flied out to center. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Guerrero intentionally walked. Putz pitching for Mariners. Anderson fouled out to third. Kotchman at first base. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Hillenbrand grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Beltre popped out to shortstop. Vidro struck out swinging. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Angels 7.	Colon looks sharp in return, Angels stave off M's