Mariners - Top 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Suzuki lined out to center. Bloomquist struck out looking. Vidro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Matthews doubled to right. Cabrera flied out to left. Guerrero grounded out to third. Anderson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Ibanez tripled to deep center. Sexson fouled out to second. Guillen flied out to right. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Kotchman singled to right. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kotchman out at second. Hillenbrand singled to left, Izturis to third. Molina flied out to center. Aybar reached on infield single to third, Izturis scored, Hillenbrand to second. Matthews doubled to left, Hillenbrand scored, Aybar to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Santana pitching for Angels. Betancourt flied out to center. Burke flied out to right. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Guerrero singled to left. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guerrero out at second. Kotchman tripled to deep center, Anderson scored. Izturis struck out looking. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Santana pitching for Angels. Bloomquist singled to right. Bloomquist caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Vidro singled to center. Ibanez safe at first on error by second baseman Aybar, Vidro to second. Sexson struck out looking. White pitching for Mariners. Guillen popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 4th. White pitching for Mariners. Molina grounded out to third. Aybar struck out swinging. Matthews flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Santana pitching for Angels. Beltre homered to center. Betancourt grounded out to third. Burke doubled to deep center. Suzuki struck out swinging. Bloomquist struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. White pitching for Mariners. Cabrera safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt. Cabrera to third on wild pitch by White. Guerrero safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt, Cabrera scored. Guerrero to second on wild pitch by White. Anderson doubled to left, Guerrero scored. Kotchman grounded out to shortstop. Anderson picked off second. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Santana pitching for Angels. Vidro flied out to left. Ibanez walked. Sexson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. White pitching for Mariners. Hillenbrand hit by pitch. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hillenbrand out at second. Aybar walked. Matthews grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Santana pitching for Angels. Guillen singled to left. Beltre struck out swinging. Betancourt fouled out to first. Burke hit by pitch, Guillen to second. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. White pitching for Mariners. Cabrera doubled to deep right. Guerrero singled to right, Cabrera to third. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Anderson hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored. Kotchman flied out to center. Speier pitching for Angels. Izturis flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Speier pitching for Angels. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Vidro popped out to second. Ibanez walked. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Sexson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. Molina reached on infield single to third. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. Moseley pitching for Angels. Matthews popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Betancourt fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 1 - Angels 6.	Santana completes Angels' sweep of Mariners