Tigers - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Granderson homered to right. Polanco fouled out to left. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Ordonez walked. Guillen singled to center, Ordonez to second. Rodriguez singled to center, Ordonez scored, Guillen to third. Casey lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Matthews grounded out to third. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Guerrero walked. Anderson singled to right, Guerrero to third. Quinlan flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Monroe struck out swinging. Inge struck out swinging. Granderson singled to center. Granderson stole second. Polanco walked. Sheffield singled to center, Granderson scored, Polanco to third, Sheffield to second advancing on throw. Ordonez reached on infield single to third, Polanco scored, Sheffield to third. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Guillen doubled to right center, Sheffield scored, Ordonez to third. Rodriguez safe at first on error by third baseman Quinlan, Ordonez and Guillen scored. Casey walked, Rodriguez to second. Monroe struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Hillenbrand singled to center. Kotchman grounded out to second, Hillenbrand to second. Napoli flied out to center, Hillenbrand to third. Izturis reached on infield single to third, Hillenbrand scored, Izturis to second on throwing error by third baseman Inge. Matthews singled to center, Izturis to third. Cabrera grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Guerrero walked. Anderson flied out to center. Quinlan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Guerrero out at second. Quinlan to second on wild pitch by Maroth. Hillenbrand singled to left, Quinlan scored. Kotchman grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Ordonez doubled to deep left. Guillen grounded out to pitcher. Rodriguez singled to center, Ordonez scored. Casey grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Napoli walked. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Napoli out at second. Matthews struck out looking. Cabrera popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Monroe flied out to right. Oliver pitching for Angels. Inge struck out swinging. Granderson doubled to deep center. Polanco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Guerrero walked. Anderson singled to center, Guerrero thrown out at third. Quinlan singled to left, Anderson to second. Hillenbrand grounded out to second, Anderson to third, Quinlan to second. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Kotchman walked. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kotchman out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Sheffield walked. Ordonez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sheffield out at second. Guillen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Izturis walked. Izturis to second on passed ball by Rodriguez. Matthews grounded out to shortstop, Izturis to third. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right, Izturis scored. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Guerrero grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Casey fouled out to third. Monroe grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Aybar hit for Quinlan. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Anderson lined out to center. Aybar struck out swinging. Aybar at second base. Izturis at third base. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Inge grounded out to third. Granderson lined out to first. Seay pitching for Tigers. Polanco popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Seay pitching for Tigers. Kotchman grounded out to first. Napoli flied out to right. Izturis popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Sheffield singled to center. Ordonez doubled to right, Sheffield to third. Guillen hit sacrifice fly to right, Sheffield scored. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to first, Ordonez out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Matthews homered to right. Cabrera safe at first on error by shortstop Guillen. Guerrero struck out swinging. Anderson flied out to left. Aybar singled to right center, Cabrera to second. Hillenbrand popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Tigers 9 - Angels 5.	Granderson gets Tigers off to fast start vs. Angels