Angels - Top 1st. Seung Baek pitching for Mariners. Willits doubled to deep right center. Cabrera lined out to right. Willits to third on wild pitch by Baek. Guerrero walked. Matthews singled to right, Willits scored, Guerrero to third. Kotchman singled to right, Guerrero scored, Matthews to third. Aybar lined out to second. Hillenbrand popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Suzuki singled to center. Suzuki stole second. Vidro grounded out to second, Suzuki to third. Ibanez grounded out to pitcher. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Seung Baek pitching for Mariners. Napoli flied out to right. Figgins flied out to center. Willits lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Guillen flied out to right. Beltre struck out swinging. Johjima struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Seung Baek pitching for Mariners. Cabrera singled to center. Guerrero grounded out to third, Cabrera to second. Matthews grounded out to pitcher, Cabrera to third. Kotchman popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Betancourt struck out swinging. Lopez flied out to left. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Seung Baek pitching for Mariners. Aybar grounded out to second. Hillenbrand flied out to left. Napoli struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez lined out to center. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Seung Baek pitching for Mariners. Figgins struck out looking. Willits flied out to left. Cabrera popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Guillen fouled out to first. Beltre flied out to right. Johjima reached on infield single to third. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Johjima out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Seung Baek pitching for Mariners. Guerrero singled to center. Matthews struck out swinging. Kotchman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Guerrero safe at second on error by shortstop Betancourt. Aybar grounded into double play, second to first, Kotchman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Lopez reached on infield single to second. Suzuki singled to center, Lopez to second. Vidro grounded out to second, Lopez to third, Suzuki to second. Ibanez intentionally walked. Sexson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lopez out at home, Suzuki to third, Ibanez to second. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Seung Baek pitching for Mariners. Hillenbrand reached on infield single to second. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Napoli bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hillenbrand out at second. Figgins walked, Napoli to second. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Willits singled to right, Napoli scored, Figgins to second. Figgins stole third, Willits stole second. Cabrera singled to left, Figgins and Willits scored. Moseley pitching for Angels. Guerrero grounded into double play, second to first, Cabrera out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Johjima flied out to right. Betancourt lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Matthews grounded out to second. Kotchman grounded out to first. Aybar singled to center. Hillenbrand grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Lopez lined out to center. Suzuki lined out to left. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Vidro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Napoli doubled to left. Figgins struck out swinging. Willits fouled out to right. Shields pitching for Angels. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Shields pitching for Angels. Ibanez grounded out to second. Sexson grounded out to first. Guillen lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Mariners 0.	Lackey handcuffs Mariners for 6 innings in shutout