Twins - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Punto flied out to center. Cuddyer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Bonser pitching for Twins. Willits grounded out to second. Cabrera singled to center. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Bonser. Guerrero singled to center, Cabrera scored. Matthews singled to right, Guerrero thrown out at third. Anderson flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Morneau struck out swinging. Hunter homered to center. Redmond walked. Kubel singled to right, Redmond to second. Rodriguez flied out to center. Tyner flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Bonser pitching for Twins. Kotchman grounded out to first. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Napoli struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Castillo singled to left. Punto struck out swinging. Cuddyer flied out to left. Morneau singled to center, Castillo to second. Hunter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Bonser pitching for Twins. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Willits flied out to left. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Redmond flied out to center. Kubel grounded out to second. Rodriguez singled to center, Rodriguez out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Bonser pitching for Twins. Guerrero singled to center. Matthews singled to right, Guerrero to second. Anderson flied out to center. Kotchman singled to right, Guerrero thrown out at home, Kotchman to second, Matthews to second, Matthews to third advancing on throw. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Tyner grounded out to second. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. Punto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Bonser pitching for Twins. Napoli flied out to center. Figgins grounded out to second. Willits doubled to deep left. Cabrera singled to left, Willits scored. Guerrero doubled to deep left center, Cabrera scored, Guerrero to third advancing on throw. Matthews flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Cuddyer grounded out to first. Morneau struck out swinging. Hunter grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Bonser pitching for Twins. Anderson flied out to center. Kotchman homered to right center. Kendrick singled to center. Ortiz pitching for Twins. Ortiz pitching for Twins. Napoli homered to left, Kendrick scored. Figgins singled to right. Figgins stole second. Willits struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left, Figgins scored, Cabrera to second advancing on throw. Guerrero intentionally walked. Matthews singled to center, Cabrera scored, Guerrero to third. Anderson grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Redmond grounded out to first. Kubel flied out to left. Rodriguez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Ortiz pitching for Twins. Kotchman grounded out to second. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Napoli singled to left. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Figgins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Tyner flied out to center. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Miller pitching for Twins. Punto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Miller pitching for Twins. Willits singled to center. Cabrera doubled to deep right center, Willits to third. Haynes ran for Guerrero. Guerrero intentionally walked. Matthews homered to right, Willits, Cabrera and Haynes scored. Anderson homered to right center. Quinlan hit for Kotchman. Quinlan lined out to second. Kendrick walked. Napoli singled to left, Kendrick to second. Figgins doubled to deep right center, Kendrick scored, Napoli to third. Neshek pitching for Twins. Aybar hit for Cabrera. Willits doubled to right, Napoli and Figgins scored. Aybar flied out to right. Willits in left field. Aybar at shortstop. Haynes in right field. Quinlan at first base. Haynes fouled out to left. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Cuddyer reached on infield single to pitcher. Ford hit for Hunter. Morneau flied out to center. Heintz hit for Redmond. Ford singled to shallow center, Cuddyer to second. Heintz singled to right, Cuddyer scored, Ford to second. Kubel safe at first on error by second baseman Kendrick, Ford to third, Heintz to second. Rodriguez singled to center, Ford scored, Heintz to third, Kubel to second. Tyner grounded into double play, second to first, Rodriguez out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 3 - Angels 16.	Matthews Jr.'s granny turns out the lights on Twins