Angels - Top 1st. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Willits fouled out to left. Figgins flied out to left. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Eckstein singled to right. Taguchi grounded out to third, Eckstein to second. Pujols walked. Edmonds flied out to left. Spiezio flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Guerrero struck out swinging. Matthews grounded out to first. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Encarnacion tripled to deep center. Miles singled to right, Encarnacion scored. Stinnett popped out to shortstop. Wellemeyer sacrificed to first, Miles to second. Eckstein fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Hillenbrand singled to left. Napoli hit by pitch, Hillenbrand to second. Weaver struck out looking. Willits flied out to left. Figgins singled to center, Hillenbrand scored, Napoli to third. Cabrera doubled to right, Napoli and Figgins scored. Guerrero flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Taguchi singled to left center. Pujols homered to left, Taguchi scored. Edmonds walked. Spiezio grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Edmonds out at second. Encarnacion grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Matthews reached on infield single to first. Kendrick singled to center, Matthews to second. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. Haynes hit for Weaver. Napoli singled to center, Matthews scored, Kendrick to second. Haynes walked, Kendrick to third, Napoli to second. Willits flied out to center. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Figgins flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Miles grounded out to second. Stinnett flied out to left. Wellemeyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guerrero flied out to left. Matthews doubled to left. Kendrick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Eckstein singled to center. Taguchi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eckstein to second. Pujols homered to left center, Eckstein and Taguchi scored. Edmonds struck out swinging. Spiezio struck out swinging. Encarnacion grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Hillenbrand walked. Aybar hit for Bootcheck. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Napoli lined out to third, Hillenbrand to third on throwing error by third baseman Spiezio. Aybar hit sacrifice fly to left, Hillenbrand scored. Willits grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Miles grounded out to second. Ludwick hit for Flores. Stinnett lined out to second. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Ludwick flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Figgins grounded out to second. Cabrera singled to left. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. Matthews popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Eckstein reached on infield single to shortstop. Taguchi walked, Eckstein to second. Pujols struck out swinging. Edmonds lined out to left. Spiezio homered to right, Eckstein and Taguchi scored. Rolen at third base. Encarnacion lined out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Kendrick lined out to shortstop. Hillenbrand flied out to right. Oliver pitching for Angels. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Miles grounded out to third. Duncan hit for Franklin. Stinnett popped out to second. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Quinlan hit for Oliver. Duncan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Quinlan homered to left. Willits grounded out to first. Figgins grounded out to second. Cabrera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 6 - Cardinals 9.	Pujols' 2 HRs, 5 RBIs help Cards fly past Angels