Angels - Top 1st. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to center. Guerrero walked, Cabrera to second. Quinlan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Guerrero out at second, Cabrera to third. Hillenbrand grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Escobar pitching for Angels. Furcal homered to right center. Pierre bunt grounded out to second. Garciaparra doubled to deep right center. Kent walked. Gonzalez flied out to center, Garciaparra to third. Betemit struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Napoli flied out to left. Willits walked. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Kemp struck out swinging. Lieberthal singled to left. Wolf sacrificed to catcher, Lieberthal to second. Furcal popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Figgins reached on infield single to second. Cabrera singled to left, Figgins to second. Guerrero singled to left, Figgins scored, Cabrera to third. Quinlan singled to right, Cabrera scored, Guerrero to second. Hillenbrand grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Quinlan out at second, Guerrero to third. Kendrick doubled to left, Guerrero scored, Hillenbrand to third. Napoli hit sacrifice fly to right, Hillenbrand scored, Kendrick to third. Willits intentionally walked. Escobar grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Garciaparra struck out swinging. Kent grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Figgins lined out to left. Cabrera flied out to center. Guerrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Betemit struck out swinging. Kemp singled to left. Kemp stole second. Lieberthal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Quinlan singled to right. Hillenbrand lined out to left. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Quinlan out at second. Ethier hit for Wolf. Napoli grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Ethier singled to center. Furcal flied out to center. Pierre grounded out to first, Ethier to second. Garciaparra singled to left, Ethier scored. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Kent grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Willits singled to left. Escobar sacrificed to pitcher, Willits to second. Figgins lined out to second. Cabrera doubled to deep left, Willits scored. Guerrero intentionally walked. Seanez pitching for Dodgers. Quinlan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Gonzalez walked. Betemit struck out swinging. Kemp struck out swinging. Lieberthal grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Seanez pitching for Dodgers. Hillenbrand singled to left. Matthews ran for Hillenbrand. Matthews stole second, Matthews safe at third on throwing error by catcher Lieberthal. Kendrick singled to left, Matthews scored. Kendrick stole second. Napoli walked. Willits flied out to right. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Loney in right field. Escobar singled to left, Kendrick to third, Napoli to second. Figgins singled to right, Kendrick and Napoli scored, Escobar to second. Cabrera grounded out to second, Escobar to third, Figgins to second. Quinlan at first base. Matthews in center field. Willits in left field. Guerrero lined out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Loney grounded out to second. Furcal singled to center. Pierre singled to right, Furcal to third, Pierre to second advancing on throw. Garciaparra hit sacrifice fly to center, Furcal scored, Pierre to third. Kent grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Quinlan grounded out to second. Betemit in right field. Abreu at third base. Matthews inside-the-park home run to deep right. Kendrick singled to center. Napoli struck out swinging. Evans hit for Escobar. Willits doubled to deep left, Kendrick scored. Aybar at shortstop. Moseley pitching for Angels. Evans in right field. Evans struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Saenz hit for Tomko. Betemit grounded out to shortstop. Saenz reached on infield single to third. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Lieberthal grounded into fielder's choice to third, Saenz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Figgins struck out swinging. Haynes hit for Moseley. Aybar struck out swinging. Haynes in left field. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Willits in center field. Haynes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Abreu singled to center. Furcal grounded out to third, Abreu to second. Pierre grounded out to second, Abreu to third. Garciaparra reached on infield single to shortstop, Abreu scored. Kent grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Garciaparra out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 10 - Dodgers 4.	Angels improve to 5-1 against Dodgers this year