Astros - Top 1st. Colon pitching for Angels. Biggio struck out swinging. Pence walked. Berkman singled to right, Pence to third. Lee fouled out to first. Berkman stole second. Loretta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Jennings pitching for Astros. Willits singled to right. Figgins struck out swinging, Willits stole second. Cabrera singled to left, Willits to third. Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to center, Willits scored. Matthews struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Colon pitching for Angels. Lamb flied out to left. Scott struck out swinging. Munson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Jennings pitching for Astros. Kendrick doubled to deep right center. Hillenbrand singled to left, Kendrick to third. Quinlan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kendrick scored, Hillenbrand safe at second on error by shortstop Loretta. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to first, Quinlan out at second, Hillenbrand to third. Willits hit sacrifice fly to left, Hillenbrand scored. Figgins struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 3rd. Colon pitching for Angels. Palmeiro singled to center. Biggio flied out to center. Pence singled to center, Palmeiro to second. Berkman popped out to shortstop. Lee homered to center, Palmeiro and Pence scored. Loretta doubled to left. Lamb walked. Scott flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Jennings pitching for Astros. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Guerrero doubled to deep left. Matthews singled to right, Guerrero scored, Matthews to second advancing on throw. Kendrick doubled to deep left, Matthews scored. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. Quinlan flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Colon pitching for Angels. Munson walked. Palmeiro hit ground rule double to deep right, Munson to third. Biggio singled to right, Munson scored, Palmeiro to third. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Palmeiro out at home, Biggio to third, Pence to second. Berkman hit by pitch. Lee hit sacrifice fly to left, Biggio scored, Pence to third, Berkman to second on throwing error by left fielder Willits. Loretta popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 4th. Jennings pitching for Astros. Molina flied out to right. Willits singled to center. Figgins singled to left, Willits to second. Cabrera flied out to left. Guerrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Colon pitching for Angels. Lamb flied out to left. Scott doubled to deep left center. Burke ran for Scott. Munson grounded out to shortstop, Burke to third. Burke in right field. Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Jennings pitching for Astros. Matthews flied out to left. Kendrick grounded out to third. Hillenbrand flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Colon pitching for Angels. Biggio reached on infield single to shortstop. Pence homered to right center, Biggio scored. Berkman grounded out to second. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Loretta singled to right center, Loretta out stretching at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Jennings pitching for Astros. Quinlan singled to left center. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Quinlan out at second. Willits reached on bunt single to third. Willits stole second. White pitching for Astros. Figgins walked. Moseley pitching for Angels. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Lamb singled to center. Lamb to second on wild pitch by Moseley. Burke grounded out to second, Lamb to third. Munson doubled to deep center, Lamb scored. Palmeiro singled to left, Munson scored, Palmeiro out stretching at second. Biggio struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. White pitching for Astros. Guerrero flied out to right. Matthews grounded out to first. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Kendrick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Pence doubled to deep left center. Berkman popped out to shortstop. Lee lined out to center. Loretta walked. Lamb reached on infield single to second, Pence to third, Loretta to second. Burke struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. White pitching for Astros. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. Quinlan fouled out to catcher. Molina struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Munson flied out to center. Palmeiro doubled to right. Biggio lined out to left. Bruntlett at shortstop. Loretta at second base. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Pence popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Willits grounded out to second. Figgins singled to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guerrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 9 - Angels 5.	Lee HR, 4 RBIs lift Astros past Halos