Angels - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Willits struck out swinging. Figgins flied out to right. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Colon pitching for Angels. Damon flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to third. Jeter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Guerrero grounded out to third. Quinlan singled to right. Matthews grounded into double play, third to second to first, Quinlan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Colon pitching for Angels. Rodriguez doubled to deep right. Matsui walked. Posada doubled to right, Rodriguez scored, Matsui to third. Abreu hit sacrifice fly to left, Matsui scored. Cano singled to left center, Posada to second. Cairo struck out looking. Damon flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Anderson singled to left. Izturis singled to left, Anderson to second. Molina hit ground rule double to deep left, Anderson scored, Izturis to third. Willits grounded out to third. Figgins struck out swinging. Cabrera doubled to left, Izturis and Molina scored. Guerrero struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Colon pitching for Angels. Cabrera singled to left. Jeter reached on infield single to second, Cabrera to second. Rodriguez singled to right, Cabrera to third, Jeter to second. Matsui walked, Cabrera scored, Jeter to third, Rodriguez to second. Oliver pitching for Angels. Posada doubled to deep right, Jeter and Rodriguez scored, Matsui to third. Abreu struck out swinging. Cano reached on infield single to shortstop, Matsui scored, Posada to third. Cairo sacrificed to pitcher, Posada scored, Cano to second. Damon singled to left, Cano scored, Damon thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Quinlan flied out to right. Matthews grounded out to second. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Cabrera flied out to right. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Izturis walked. Molina grounded out to shortstop, Izturis to second. Willits struck out swinging. Figgins singled to center, Izturis scored, Figgins to second advancing on throw. Cabrera singled to left, Figgins scored. Guerrero lined out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Matsui grounded out to first. Posada singled to center. Abreu flied out to left. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Cano singled to center, Posada to third. Cairo singled to deep center, Posada scored, Cano thrown out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Quinlan singled to center. Matthews doubled to deep center, Quinlan scored. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Anderson reached on infield single to first, Matthews scored on throwing error by first baseman Cairo. Izturis walked, Anderson to second. Molina sacrificed to first, Anderson to third, Izturis to second. Willits struck out swinging. Figgins singled to center, Anderson and Izturis scored. Cabrera batting. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Damon walked. Damon stole second. Cabrera singled to center, Damon scored on error by center fielder Matthews. Jeter struck out swinging. Rodriguez homered to left, Cabrera scored. Moseley pitching for Angels. Matsui singled to right. Posada grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Matsui out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Cabrera doubled to deep left center. Guerrero grounded out to pitcher. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Quinlan hit by pitch. Cabrera to third, Quinlan to second on wild pitch by Proctor. Matthews struck out swinging. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Abreu singled to left center. Cano lined out to left. Cairo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Kotchman hit for Molina. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Izturis lined out to left. Kotchman struck out swinging. Mathis catching. Willits grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Damon singled to right. Damon stole second. Cabrera singled to center, Damon scored. Cabrera stole second. Jeter singled to right, Cabrera scored. Rodriguez walked, Jeter to second. Resop pitching for Angels. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez out at second, Jeter to third. Villone pitching for Yankees. Posada grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Matsui out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Figgins struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to center. Guerrero popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 9 - Yankees 14.	A-Rod HR inspires Yanks' wild win vs. Angels