Angels - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Matthews singled to left. Matthews to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Cabrera singled to center, Matthews to third. Guerrero struck out swinging. Anderson singled to right, Matthews scored, Cabrera to third. Izturis struck out swinging. Morales singled to left, Cabrera scored, Anderson to second. Kotchman popped out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Suzuki struck out swinging. Vidro flied out to center. Guillen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Kendrick singled to shallow left. Mathis singled to right, Kendrick to second. Matthews grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kendrick out at third, Mathis to second. Cabrera fouled out to third. Guerrero lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Ibanez struck out swinging. Beltre singled to left. Beltre stole second, Beltre safe at third on throwing error by catcher Mathis. Broussard grounded out to second, Beltre scored. Johjima flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Anderson doubled to right, Anderson out stretching at third. Izturis lined out to left. Morales doubled to deep left. Kotchman popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Lopez struck out swinging. Betancourt struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Kendrick lined out to second. Mathis homered to left center. Matthews grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Vidro singled to left. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vidro out at second. Ibanez singled to center, Guillen to third. Beltre hit sacrifice fly to right, Guillen scored. Broussard lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Guerrero homered to left. Anderson popped out to shortstop. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Morales lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Johjima bunt grounded out to pitcher. Lopez singled to left. Lopez picked off first. Betancourt singled to center. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betancourt out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Kotchman flied out to right. Kendrick flied out to right. Mathis popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Vidro grounded out to second. Guillen flied out to center. Ibanez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Matthews grounded out to second. Cabrera grounded out to third. Guerrero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Beltre grounded out to third. Broussard singled to center. Johjima singled to left, Broussard thrown out at third, Johjima to second advancing on throw. Lopez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Anderson singled to center. Anderson to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Izturis singled to center, Anderson scored, Izturis to second advancing on throw. Morales singled to right, Izturis to third. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Kotchman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Izturis scored, Morales to second. White pitching for Mariners. Morales picked off second. Kendrick singled to right, Kotchman to second. Mathis lined out to right. Matthews struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Betancourt popped out to first. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Vidro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. White pitching for Mariners. Cabrera singled to left. Guerrero singled to center, Cabrera to second. Anderson singled to left, Cabrera to third, Guerrero to second. Izturis struck out swinging. Morales flied out to left. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Kotchman walked, Cabrera scored, Guerrero to third, Anderson to second. Kendrick walked, Guerrero scored, Anderson to third, Kotchman to second. Mathis flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Guillen struck out swinging. Ibanez struck out swinging. Beltre fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 8 - Mariners 2.	Weaver outduels Hernandez and Angels sweep M's