Mariners - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to second. Beltre grounded out to first. Ibanez singled to right. Guillen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Willits singled to center. Willits picked off first. Cabrera popped out to second. Guerrero singled to right. Anderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Broussard safe at first on error by pitcher Weaver. Broussard picked off first. Vidro singled to center. Johjima singled to right, Vidro to second. Lopez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johjima out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Izturis flied out to right. Kendrick reached on infield single to second. Rivera flied out to center. Kotchman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Betancourt reached on infield single to first. Suzuki flied out to left. Beltre singled to center, Betancourt to second. Ibanez struck out swinging. Guillen doubled to deep right, Betancourt and Beltre scored, Guillen out stretching at third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Mathis struck out looking. Willits doubled to deep center. Cabrera walked. Guerrero singled to right, Willits to third, Cabrera to second. Anderson doubled to right, Willits and Cabrera scored, Guerrero to third. Izturis struck out swinging. Kendrick singled to left, Guerrero and Anderson scored, Kendrick to second advancing on throw. Rivera singled to right center, Kendrick scored. Kotchman fouled out to first. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Broussard flied out to center. Vidro grounded out to second. Johjima hit by pitch. Lopez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Campillo pitching for Mariners. Mathis struck out swinging. Willits lined out to right. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop. Guerrero homered to center, Cabrera scored. Anderson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Betancourt singled to center. Suzuki fouled out to catcher. Beltre flied out to right. Ibanez homered to center, Betancourt scored. Guillen singled to left. Guillen picked off first. Broussard batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Campillo pitching for Mariners. Izturis flied out to center. Kendrick singled to left. Rivera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kendrick out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Broussard grounded out to second. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. Johjima singled to left center. Lopez singled to center, Johjima to second. Betancourt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Campillo pitching for Mariners. Kotchman walked. Mathis sacrificed to first, Kotchman to second. Willits fouled out to left. Cabrera tripled to deep right, Kotchman scored. Guerrero walked. Baek pitching for Mariners. Anderson singled to center, Cabrera scored, Guerrero to third. Izturis grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Shields pitching for Angels. Suzuki struck out swinging. Beltre flied out to center. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Seung Baek pitching for Mariners. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Rivera lined out to center. Kotchman singled to right. Mathis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Willits in right field. Haynes in center field. Shields pitching for Angels. Guillen struck out looking. Broussard grounded out to second. Vidro grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Seung Baek pitching for Mariners. Willits lined out to pitcher. Cabrera flied out to center. Guerrero flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Speier pitching for Angels. Johjima singled to left. Jimerson ran for Johjima. Lopez flied out to left. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jimerson out at second. Betancourt to second on fielder's indifference. Suzuki singled to center, Betancourt scored. Suzuki to second on fielder's indifference. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Angels 9.	Benches clear as Angels rout M's, clinch West tie