Orioles - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Markakis grounded out to pitcher. Machado struck out swinging. Jones flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Gardner walked. Cano grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gardner out at second. Youkilis singled to deep right. Hafner popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Wieters flied out to center. Davis singled to right. Hardy fouled out to catcher. Reimold singled to left, Davis to second. Pearce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Wells flied out to right. Suzuki popped out to second. Nunez hit by pitch. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Nix at shortstop. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Casilla doubled to left. Markakis struck out swinging. Machado singled to right center, Casilla scored. Jones grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Machado out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. Gardner walked. Cano singled to left, Gardner to third. Youkilis singled to left, Gardner scored, Cano to third, Youkilis thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Hafner walked. Wells flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Wieters struck out swinging. Davis struck out looking. Hardy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Suzuki struck out swinging. Nix struck out looking. Overbay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Reimold struck out swinging. Pearce struck out swinging. Casilla flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Cervelli walked. Gardner sacrificed to pitcher, Cervelli to second. Cano singled to left center, Cervelli scored. Youkilis singled to left, Cano to third. Hafner grounded out to pitcher, Youkilis to second. Wells flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Markakis flied out to left. Machado reached on infield single to first. Jones grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Machado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Suzuki struck out looking. Nix popped out to first. Overbay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Wieters safe at first on error by third baseman Youkilis. Wieters to second on balk by Sabathia. Davis struck out swinging. Hardy singled to center, Wieters scored. Reimold grounded out to pitcher, Hardy to second. Pearce flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Cervelli walked. Patton pitching for Orioles. Gardner sacrificed to pitcher, Cervelli to second. Cano grounded out to shortstop, Cervelli to third. Youkilis intentionally walked. Hafner hit by pitch, Youkilis to second. Strop pitching for Orioles. Wells safe at second on error by center fielder Jones, Cervelli, Youkilis and Hafner scored. Suzuki grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 8th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Casilla reached on infield single to shortstop. Markakis singled to left, Casilla to second. Machado grounded into triple play, second to shortstop, Markakis out at second, Casilla out at third, Machado out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Nix flied out to right. Overbay singled to center. Cervelli grounded into fielder's choice to third, Overbay out at second. Gardner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Jones flied out to left. Wieters lined out to center. Davis singled to left center. Hardy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 2 - Yankees 5.	Yankees turn triple play in 4th straight win