Orioles - Top 1st. Nolin pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis singled to left. Machado singled to shallow right, Markakis to second. Hardy homered to left (364 feet), Markakis and Machado scored. Jones grounded out to third. Davis singled to center. Wieters grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Davis out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Cabrera homered to center (407 feet). Bautista singled to left. Encarnacion flied out to right. Lind struck out swinging. Arencibia struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Nolin pitching for Blue Jays. Valencia doubled to deep left. Pearce walked. Navarro singled to shallow left, Valencia to third, Pearce to second. Markakis doubled to center, Valencia, Pearce and Navarro scored. Machado flied out to right. Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis to third on wild pitch by Ortiz. Hardy grounded out to third. Jones fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Lawrie homered to left (422 feet). Rasmus doubled to right. Bonifacio singled to shallow right center, Rasmus scored. Bonifacio caught stealing second, catcher to second. Kawasaki grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays. Davis homered to right (400 feet). Wieters walked. Valencia homered to left (403 feet), Wieters scored. Pearce grounded out to third. Navarro struck out looking. Markakis singled to center. Machado fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Bautista struck out looking. Encarnacion doubled to deep right center. Lind singled to left, Encarnacion to third. Arencibia struck out swinging. Lawrie struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. DeRosa at third base. Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Kawasaki. Jones struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to second, Hardy to second. Wieters flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Rasmus struck out looking. Bonifacio reached on bunt single to left. Kawasaki grounded out to pitcher, Bonifacio to second. Cabrera fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays. Valencia popped out to first. Pearce flied out to center. Navarro reached on infield single to third. Markakis walked, Navarro to second. Machado singled to shallow right, Navarro to third, Markakis to second. Hardy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Bautista singled to center. Encarnacion singled to center, Bautista to second. Lind grounded into double play, third to first, Bautista out at third, Encarnacion to second. Encarnacion to third on wild pitch by Tillman. Arencibia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays. Jones homered to left (414 feet). Davis walked. Wieters grounded out to second, Davis to second. Valencia fouled out to first. Pearce flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. DeRosa grounded out to pitcher. Rasmus popped out to second. Bonifacio walked. Kawasaki doubled to left, Bonifacio scored. Cabrera singled to left, Kawasaki scored. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Bautista singled to shallow right, Cabrera to second. Encarnacion lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Navarro struck out swinging. Markakis flied out to right. Machado singled to shallow center. Hardy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Casilla at second base. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Lind homered to left center (403 feet). Arencibia popped out to second. DeRosa flied out to left. Rasmus singled to right. Bonifacio flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Jones singled to left center. Davis doubled to shallow left, Jones to third. Wieters fouled out to third. Valencia popped out to second. Pearce flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Dickerson in left field. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Kawasaki reached on infield single to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kawasaki out at second. Bautista popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Casilla grounded out to second. Markakis lined out to second. Machado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Lind doubled to right. Arencibia grounded out to third. DeRosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 10 - Blue Jays 6.	Davis' 16th home run helps O's rock Jays