Orioles - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. McLouth singled to right. Machado struck out swinging. Markakis hit ground rule double to left, McLouth to third. Jones struck out swinging. Davis intentionally walked. Wieters fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Orioles. Cabrera grounded out to second. Bautista grounded out to third. Encarnacion singled to left. Lind singled to center, Encarnacion to third. Rasmus walked, Lind to second. Arencibia hit by pitch, Encarnacion scored, Lind to third, Rasmus to second. Izturis struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy struck out looking. Dickerson singled to center. Dickerson stole second. McLouth grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for Orioles. Bonifacio reached on infield single to shortstop. Bonifacio stole second. Kawasaki sacrificed to first, Bonifacio to third. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Bonifacio scored. Bautista walked. Encarnacion homered to left (390 feet), Bautista scored. Lind grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Machado grounded out to third. Markakis lined out to right. Jones grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Garcia pitching for Orioles. Rasmus flied out to left. Arencibia singled to center. Izturis doubled to deep center, Arencibia scored. Bonifacio doubled to deep right, Izturis scored. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Kawasaki grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to center, Bonifacio scored. Bautista walked, Cabrera to second. Encarnacion doubled to deep center, Cabrera and Bautista scored. Lind grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Davis flied out to left. Wieters flied out to center. Hardy lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Rasmus flied out to center. Arencibia popped out to first. Izturis lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Dickerson grounded out to second. Flaherty grounded out to third. McLouth struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Bonifacio grounded out to third. Kawasaki grounded out to second. Cabrera fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Machado doubled to deep left. Markakis doubled to deep center, Machado scored. Jones grounded out to shortstop, Markakis to third. Davis safe at first on error by second baseman Bonifacio, Markakis scored. Wieters flied out to center. Hardy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Bautista flied out to center. Encarnacion fouled out to first. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Davis in left field. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Dickerson singled to right. Flaherty homered to right (388 feet), Dickerson scored. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. McLouth grounded out to second. Machado singled to center. Markakis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Machado out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Rasmus homered to right (350 feet). Arencibia reached on infield single to third. Izturis doubled to left, Arencibia to third. Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop. Kawasaki grounded out to second. Strop pitching for Orioles. Davis hit by pitch. Bautista doubled to deep center, Arencibia, Izturis and Davis scored. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Jones singled to left. Davis singled to center, Jones to second. Wieters grounded into double play, third to first, Jones out at third, Davis to second. Davis to third on passed ball by Arencibia. Hardy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Ishikawa at first base. Casilla at second base. Flaherty at shortstop. Patton pitching for Orioles. Lind grounded out to third. Rasmus struck out swinging. Arencibia singled to left. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arencibia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Dickerson struck out swinging. Flaherty homered to right (366 feet). McLouth flied out to left. Machado struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 5 - Blue Jays 13.	Jays cruise to 11th straight win