Rangers - Top 1st. Britton pitching for Orioles. Kinsler flied out to left. Profar flied out to center. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Markakis flied out to left. Machado grounded out to third. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Britton pitching for Orioles. Beltre homered to center (411 feet). Pierzynski reached on infield single to shortstop. Andrus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pierzynski out at second. Murphy flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Davis grounded out to second. Hardy grounded out to third. Wieters singled to right. McLouth reached on infield single to second, Wieters to second. Roberts singled to right, Wieters scored, McLouth to second, McLouth to third advancing on throw. Reimold struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Britton pitching for Orioles. Chirinos walked. Martin reached on bunt single to pitcher, Chirinos to second. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Martin out at second, Chirinos to third. Profar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kinsler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Markakis grounded out to second. Machado homered to left (368 feet). Jones grounded out to shortstop. Davis struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Cruz grounded out to second. Beltre singled to left. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to second, Beltre out at second. Andrus singled to left, Pierzynski to second. Murphy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Hardy safe at first on error by shortstop Profar. Wieters popped out to shortstop. McLouth singled to center, Hardy to second. Roberts grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McLouth out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 5th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Chirinos flied out to center. Martin walked. Martin caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Kinsler singled to center. Profar walked, Kinsler to second. Cruz singled to left, Kinsler scored, Profar to second. Beltre homered to left (395 feet), Profar and Cruz scored. Pierzynski lined out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Reimold safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre. Markakis safe at first on error by first baseman Chirinos, Reimold to third. Machado popped out to second. Jones struck out swinging. Davis hit by pitch, Markakis to second. Hardy singled to left, Reimold and Markakis scored, Davis to second. Wieters flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop. Murphy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Andrus out at second. Moreland hit for Chirinos. Moreland grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Moreland at first base. Perez pitching for Rangers. McLouth grounded out to pitcher. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Reimold struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Martin walked. Kinsler grounded out to third, Martin to second. Profar doubled to deep left center, Martin scored. Cruz grounded out to shortstop, Profar to third. Beltre intentionally walked. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Pierzynski singled to right, Profar scored, Beltre to second. Andrus lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Markakis walked. Frasor pitching for Rangers. Machado struck out looking, Markakis out at first on batter interference. Jones flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Murphy struck out swinging. Moreland grounded out to second. Martin grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Scheppers pitching for Rangers. Davis flied out to center. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Wieters flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Kinsler singled to left center. Profar struck out swinging. Cruz doubled to deep center, Kinsler out at home, Cruz to third advancing on throw. Beltre singled to center, Cruz scored. Pierzynski popped out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Burns pitching for Rangers. McLouth flied out to left. Roberts flied out to center. Dickerson hit for Reimold. Dickerson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 8 - Orioles 4.	Beltre's 2 homers fuel Rangers