Red Sox - Top 1st. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Ellsbury homered to right center (419 feet). Bogaerts struck out swinging. Ortiz singled to left. Napoli doubled to deep center, Ortiz to third. Carp grounded out to shortstop, Ortiz scored, Napoli to third. Middlebrooks lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Roberts walked. Markakis walked, Roberts to second. Hardy struck out swinging. Davis walked, Roberts to third, Markakis to second. Pearce popped out to shortstop. McLouth grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Saltalamacchia lined out to right. McDonald singled to center. Berry homered to right (364 feet), McDonald scored. Ellsbury struck out looking. Bogaerts fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Valencia struck out swinging. Clevenger grounded out to first. Schoop grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Ortiz flied out to right. Napoli struck out swinging. Carp grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Roberts grounded out to first. Markakis lined out to left. Hardy lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Middlebrooks grounded out to first. Saltalamacchia singled to right. McDonald singled to center, Saltalamacchia to second. Berry struck out swinging. Ellsbury reached on infield single to catcher, Saltalamacchia to third, McDonald to second, Saltalamacchia scored, McDonald to third, Ellsbury to second on throwing error by catcher Clevenger. Flaherty at first base. Bogaerts struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Flaherty grounded out to first. Pearce walked. McLouth struck out looking. Valencia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Ortiz grounded out to first. Napoli walked. Carp flied out to left. Napoli to second on wild pitch by Tillman. Middlebrooks flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Clevenger singled to right center. Schoop singled to left, Clevenger to second. Roberts struck out swinging. Markakis walked, Clevenger to third, Schoop to second. Hardy hit ground rule double to deep right center, Clevenger and Schoop scored, Markakis to third. Flaherty singled to left, Markakis scored, Hardy to third. Pearce walked, Flaherty to second. McLouth doubled to deep right, Hardy and Flaherty scored, Pearce to third. De La Rosa pitching for Red Sox. Valencia grounded out to first. Clevenger grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Lavarnway hit for Saltalamacchia. Lavarnway grounded out to shortstop. McDonald walked. Berry reached on infield single to first, McDonald to second. Ellsbury flied out to right, McDonald to third. Berry stole second. Bogaerts walked. Ortiz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Lavarnway catching. De La Rosa pitching for Red Sox. Schoop singled to left. Thornton pitching for Red Sox. Roberts doubled to deep right center, Schoop to third. Schoop scored, Roberts to third on wild pitch by Thornton. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Dempster pitching for Red Sox. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Flaherty doubled to deep right, Roberts scored. Pearce flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Napoli struck out swinging. Carp doubled to left. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. Lavarnway grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. McLouth struck out swinging. Valencia singled to center. Clevenger grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Valencia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Gomes hit for McDonald. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Gomes flied out to center. Berry lined out to third. Ellsbury grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Holt at second base. Uehara pitching for Red Sox. Schoop grounded out to third. Roberts struck out swinging. Markakis doubled to deep right. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Ortiz singled to right center. Ortiz to second on wild pitch by Johnson. Napoli singled to center, Ortiz scored. Bradley Jr. ran for Napoli. Carp singled to right, Bradley Jr. to third. Middlebrooks grounded into double play, third to second to first, Carp out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 6 - Orioles 7.	Orioles wrap up with 7-6 win over Red Sox