Devil Rays - Top 1st . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Crawford reached on infield single to first . Cantu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crawford out at second . Gomes walked . Huff singled to left , Gomes to second . Wigginton singled to center , Gomes scored , Huff to second . Hall hit by pitch , Huff to third , Wigginton to second . Lee popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Roberts singled to center . Markakis walked , Roberts to second . Mora grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Markakis out at second , Roberts to third . Tejada walked , Mora to second . Gibbons doubled to center , Roberts and Mora scored , Tejada to third . Millar singled to center , Tejada scored , Gibbons to third . Lopez grounded out to shortstop , Gibbons scored . Hernandez doubled to center , Millar scored . Patterson lined out to left . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Green grounded out to pitcher . Hollins grounded out to shortstop . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Roberts flied out to left . Markakis walked . Mora grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Markakis out at second . Tejada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Cantu singled to right . Gomes walked , Cantu to second . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gomes out at second , Cantu to third . Wigginton flied out to center . Hall fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Gibbons doubled to right . Millar walked . Lopez struck out swinging . Hernandez walked , Gibbons to third , Millar to second . Patterson struck out swinging . Roberts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Lee doubled to deep right . Green flied out to center , Lee to third . Hollins reached on infield single to third . Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop , Lee scored , Hollins to second . Cantu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crawford out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Markakis walked . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Mora walked , Markakis to second . Tejada flied out to right , Markakis to third . Gibbons walked , Mora to second . Meadows pitching for Devil Rays . Millar singled to right , Markakis scored , Mora to third , Gibbons to second . Lopez singled to left , Mora scored , Gibbons to third , Millar to second . Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to center , Gibbons scored , Millar to third . Patterson reached first base on catcher 's interference , Lopez to second . Patterson batting . Roberts doubled to right center , Millar , Lopez and Patterson scored . Markakis flied out to left . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Gomes struck out swinging . Huff walked . Wigginton doubled to deep left , Huff to third . Hall grounded out to shortstop , Huff scored . Lee grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Meadows pitching for Devil Rays . Mora homered to left . Tejada singled to right . Gibbons homered to right center , Tejada scored . Millar flied out to left . Lopez doubled to deep right . Hernandez singled to center , Lopez scored . Patterson grounded out to second , Hernandez to second . Markakis in right field . Newhan in left field . Brower pitching for Orioles . Roberts flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Brower pitching for Orioles . Green walked . Hollins singled to left , Green to second . Green to third , Hollins to second on wild pitch by Brower . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Branyan hit for Gomes . Cantu hit sacrifice fly to center , Green scored . Branyan in right field . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Branyan grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Markakis flied out to left . Mora flied out to center . Tejada singled to left center . Newhan singled to right , Tejada to second . Tejada to third , Newhan to second on wild pitch by Harper . Millar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Brower pitching for Orioles . Huff walked . Wigginton fouled out to catcher . Hall doubled to deep right center , Huff scored . Lee struck out swinging . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Green struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Lopez grounded out to third . Hernandez walked . Patterson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hernandez out at second . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Chavez catching . Roberts struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Hollins singled to center . Crawford grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hollins out at second . Cantu homered to right center . Miceli pitching for Devil Rays . Branyan flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Miceli pitching for Devil Rays . Markakis homered to right center . Mora flied out to center . Tejada lined out to center . Gomez at first base . Rleal pitching for Orioles . Paul hit for Huff . Newhan grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Rleal pitching for Orioles . Paul doubled to deep left . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop , Paul to third . Hall popped out to shortstop . Lee grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 6 - Orioles 16 .	O 's pound out 16 hits , spank McClung , Devil Rays