Red Sox - Top 1st . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Crisp reached on bunt single to pitcher . Loretta walked , Crisp to second . Ortiz walked , Crisp to third , Loretta to second . Ramirez walked , Crisp scored , Loretta to third , Ortiz to second . Nixon struck out swinging . Varitek walked , Loretta scored , Ortiz to third , Ramirez to second . Lowell walked , Ortiz scored , Ramirez to third , Varitek to second . Youkilis hit sacrifice fly to right , Ramirez scored , Varitek to third . Gonzalez walked , Lowell to second . Crisp fouled out to catcher . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Roberts struck out swinging . Markakis grounded out to second . Mora singled to left . Tejada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Loretta hit ground rule double to deep left center . Ortiz popped out to third . Ramirez singled to right , Loretta scored . Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Cabrera . Nixon walked . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Varitek walked , Ramirez to third , Nixon to second . Lowell singled to left , Ramirez scored , Nixon to third , Varitek to second . Youkilis singled to left , Nixon scored , Varitek to third , Lowell to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Varitek out at home . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Gibbons struck out swinging . Millar walked . Lopez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Millar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Crisp lined out to left . Loretta flied out to center . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Conine struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Roberts grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Ramirez singled to left . Nixon homered to right , Ramirez scored . Varitek flied out to right . Lowell doubled to deep left . Youkilis singled to right , Lowell to third . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to first , Lowell scored , Youkilis out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Markakis flied out to left . Mora struck out swinging . Tejada singled to right center . Gibbons popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Crisp walked . Loretta singled to left , Crisp to third . Ortiz walked , Loretta to second . Ramirez struck out swinging . Nixon singled to center , Crisp scored , Loretta to third , Ortiz to second . Varitek grounded into double play , third to second to first , Nixon out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Millar lined out to third . Lopez struck out swinging . Brower pitching for Orioles . Conine grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Brower pitching for Orioles . Lowell struck out swinging . Youkilis singled to center . Gonzalez doubled to deep left center , Youkilis to third . Crisp struck out swinging . Loretta walked . Ortiz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Hernandez singled to left . Roberts grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hernandez out at second . Markakis reached on infield single to first . Markakis in left field . Newhan at first base . Patterson in center field . Mora flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Stern ran for Ramirez . Brower pitching for Orioles . Ramirez singled to left . Nixon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stern out at second . Stern in left field . Snow at first base . Youkilis at third base . Varitek grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Gomez ran for Tejada . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Tejada singled to right . Gibbons singled to right , Gomez to second . Newhan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gibbons out at second , Gomez to third . Lopez struck out swinging . Patterson singled to right , Gomez scored , Newhan to second . Hernandez singled to center , Newhan scored , Patterson to third . Roberts doubled to deep right , Patterson and Hernandez scored . Gomez at shortstop . Markakis flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Brower pitching for Orioles . Snow walked . Youkilis hit by pitch , Snow to second . Gonzalez flied out to center . Crisp singled to left , Snow to third , Youkilis to second . Cora hit for Loretta . Cora doubled to left , Snow and Youkilis scored , Crisp to third . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Crisp out at home . Stern hit by pitch , Cora to third , Ortiz to second . Hawkins pitching for Orioles . Nixon walked , Cora scored , Ortiz to third , Stern to second . Cora at second base . Seanez pitching for Red Sox . Varitek flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Seanez pitching for Red Sox . Mora doubled to deep center . Gomez singled to center , Mora scored . Gibbons reached on infield single to third , Gomez to second , Gomez to third , Gibbons to second on throwing error by third baseman Youkilis . Newhan homered to right , Gomez and Gibbons scored . Lopez flied out to left . Patterson grounded out to first . Hernandez singled to center . Roberts singled to center , Hernandez to third . Markakis grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 9th . Hawkins pitching for Orioles . Snow grounded out to shortstop . Youkilis walked . Gonzalez flied out to right . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Crisp grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Mora bunt grounded out to pitcher . Gomez singled to left . Gibbons grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gomez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 14 - Orioles 8 .	Six walks in first help Red Sox jump out early vs. O 's