Indians - Top 1st . Chen pitching for Orioles . Sizemore doubled to right . Sizemore caught stealing third , pitcher to third . Michaels struck out looking . Peralta flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Indians . Roberts reached on infield single to second . Roberts stole second . Conine grounded out to second , Roberts to third . Mora grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Roberts out at home . Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop , Mora to second . Gibbons grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Hafner struck out swinging . Martinez flied out to right . Perez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Indians . Hernandez grounded out to third . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Millar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Belliard singled to right . Boone flied out to center . Blake walked , Belliard to second . Sizemore grounded out to second , Belliard to third , Blake to second . Michaels singled to center , Belliard and Blake scored . Michaels stole second . Peralta lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Indians . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . Roberts singled to center . Roberts stole second . Conine flied out to center , Roberts to third . Mora flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Hafner walked . Martinez homered to left , Hafner scored . Perez grounded out to pitcher . Belliard singled to right . Boone walked , Belliard to second . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Boone out at second , Belliard to third . Sizemore homered to left center , Belliard and Blake scored . Michaels flied out to right . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Indians . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Gibbons flied out to left . Hernandez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Peralta singled to left . Britton pitching for Orioles . Hafner singled to center , Peralta to second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hafner out at second , Peralta to third . Broussard hit for Perez . Broussard singled to right , Peralta scored , Martinez to second . Belliard grounded out to first , Martinez to third , Broussard to second . Broussard at first base . Boone lined out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Indians . Lopez flied out to center . Millar popped out to first . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Blake singled to right . Sizemore singled to left center , Blake to second . Michaels flied out to center . Peralta singled to center , Blake scored , Sizemore to third , Sizemore scored , Peralta to second on throwing error by shortstop Tejada . Hafner singled to center , Peralta to third . Martinez safe at first on error by second baseman Roberts , Peralta scored , Hafner to third . Broussard singled to right center , Hafner scored , Martinez to third . Belliard grounded out to second , Martinez scored , Broussard to second . Boone struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Indians . Roberts doubled to deep left . Conine popped out to third . Mora struck out swinging . Tejada grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Brower pitching for Orioles . Blake doubled to deep right . Sizemore grounded out to first , Blake to third . Michaels grounded out to third . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Patterson ran for Gibbons . Johnson pitching for Indians . Gibbons doubled to deep right . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Lopez grounded out to second , Patterson to third . Gomez at shortstop . Patterson in center field . Markakis in right field . Hollandsworth hit for Hafner . Millar lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Brower pitching for Orioles . Hollandsworth struck out swinging . Martinez singled to center . Broussard singled to right , Martinez to second . Belliard struck out swinging . Vazquez ran for Boone . Boone hit by pitch , Martinez to third , Broussard to second . Blake singled to center , Martinez and Broussard scored , Vazquez to second . Vazquez at third base . Sizemore flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Johnson pitching for Indians . Markakis singled to right . Markakis to second on wild pitch by Johnson . Graves pitching for Indians . Roberts doubled to deep left , Markakis scored . Conine flied out to left . Mora grounded out to third . Halama pitching for Orioles . Gomez popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Halama pitching for Orioles . Michaels grounded out to first . Peralta grounded out to catcher . Hollandsworth reached on infield single to second . Martinez singled to right , Hollandsworth to second . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Broussard grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Patterson lined out to right . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Lopez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 15 - Orioles 1 .	Cleveland hit parade : Indians rout O 's on 20 hits