Indians - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Sizemore lined out to second . Michaels struck out looking . Peralta homered to right . Hafner singled to right . Martinez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Roberts singled to center . Conine flied out to center . Roberts stole second . Mora grounded out to third . Tejada singled to left , Roberts scored . Gibbons grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Broussard singled to center . Belliard singled to center , Broussard to second . Hollandsworth struck out swinging . Boone lined into double play , third to second , Broussard doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Hernandez grounded out to second . Lopez flied out to center . Millar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Sizemore doubled to deep right . Michaels struck out looking . Sizemore to third on wild pitch by Lopez , Sizemore scored on throwing error by catcher Hernandez . Peralta walked . Hafner popped out to shortstop . Martinez homered to center , Peralta scored . Broussard grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Patterson reached on bunt single to catcher . Roberts reached first base on catcher 's interference , Patterson to second . Roberts batting . Conine singled to center , Patterson scored , Roberts to second . Roberts stole third . Mora singled to center , Roberts scored , Conine to second . Tejada grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mora out at second , Conine to third . Gibbons grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Belliard flied out to left . Hollandsworth reached on infield single to shortstop . Boone flied out to center . Hollandsworth caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Sizemore batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Lopez doubled to deep right . Millar flied out to center . Patterson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Sizemore walked . Michaels reached on bunt single to first , Sizemore to second , Sizemore to third on throwing error by first baseman Millar . Peralta struck out swinging . Halama pitching for Orioles . Hafner doubled to deep left , Sizemore and Michaels scored , Hafner to third advancing on throw . Martinez struck out swinging . Broussard walked . Belliard singled to right , Hafner scored , Broussard to third . Hollandsworth struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Roberts popped out to shortstop . Conine singled to left . Mora singled to center , Conine to second . Tejada singled to center , Conine scored , Mora to second . Gibbons flied out to left . Hernandez singled to right , Mora scored , Tejada to second . Lopez doubled to deep left , Tejada scored , Hernandez to third . Miller pitching for Indians . Millar hit ground rule double to deep center , Hernandez and Lopez scored . Patterson homered to right , Millar scored . Roberts walked . Conine grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Roberts out at second . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Halama pitching for Orioles . Boone homered to left . Sizemore flied out to center . Rleal pitching for Orioles . Michaels singled to center . Peralta lined out to shortstop . Hafner grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Indians . Mora doubled to left . Tejada singled to right , Mora to third . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Gibbons homered to right , Mora and Tejada scored . Hernandez struck out swinging . Davis pitching for Indians . Lopez struck out swinging . Millar flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Rleal pitching for Orioles . Martinez grounded out to first . Broussard popped out to third . Graves pitching for Indians . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Graves pitching for Indians . Patterson flied out to left . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez pitching for Orioles . Conine popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Orioles . Hollandsworth doubled to right . Boone flied out to center , Hollandsworth to third . Sizemore hit sacrifice fly to left , Hollandsworth scored . Michaels lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Graves pitching for Indians . Mora safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta . Tejada safe at second on error by right fielder Hollandsworth , Mora scored . Markakis ran for Gibbons . Gibbons reached on infield single to shortstop , Tejada to third . Hernandez homered to right , Tejada and Markakis scored . Lopez struck out swinging . Millar singled to left . Patterson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Millar out at second . Roberts singled to left , Patterson to second . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Conine singled to center , Patterson scored , Roberts to third . Markakis in right field . Gomez at first base . Vazquez hit for Peralta . Mora flied out to right . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Orioles . Vazquez lined out to first . Shoppach hit for Martinez . Hafner struck out looking . Shoppach singled to center . Broussard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 9 - Orioles 18 .	Seven - run fifth helps sizzling O 's rally past Indians