Orioles - Top 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Fahey walked . Mora lined out to third . Tejada doubled to left , Fahey to third . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fahey out at home . Hernandez homered to left , Tejada and Lopez scored . Patterson doubled to deep right . Millar walked . Markakis singled to center , Patterson scored , Millar to second . Matos flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Halama pitching for Orioles . Suzuki singled to left . Lopez grounded out to pitcher , Suzuki to second . Ibanez grounded out to second , Suzuki to third . Sexson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Fahey singled to center . Mora flied out to center . Tejada flied out to left . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Halama pitching for Orioles . Everett struck out swinging . Beltre flied out to right . Johjima grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Hernandez singled to right . Patterson doubled to left , Hernandez to third . Millar grounded out to third . Markakis intentionally walked . Matos popped into double play , second to shortstop , Patterson doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Halama pitching for Orioles . Bloomquist reached on infield single to first . Betancourt singled to left , Bloomquist to second . Suzuki singled to shallow left , Bloomquist to third , Betancourt to second . Lopez walked , Bloomquist scored , Betancourt to third , Suzuki to second . Ibanez grounded out to first , Betancourt scored , Suzuki to third , Lopez to second . Sexson struck out swinging . Everett grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Fahey grounded out to first . Mora grounded out to first . Tejada hit by pitch . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Halama pitching for Orioles . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Johjima grounded out to second . Bloomquist grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Hernandez fouled out to catcher . Patterson homered to right . Millar singled to left . Markakis singled to left , Millar to second . Matos flied out to left . Fahey grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Halama pitching for Orioles . Betancourt walked . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Betancourt out at second . Lopez flied out to center . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Ibanez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Mora struck out swinging . Tejada struck out swinging . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Sexson struck out looking . Everett walked . Beltre hit by pitch , Everett to second . Johjima singled to center , Everett scored , Beltre to second . Williams pitching for Orioles . Bloomquist hit by pitch , Beltre to third , Johjima to second . Betancourt struck out looking . Suzuki struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Hernandez grounded out to first . Patterson walked . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Millar flied out to center . Patterson stole second . Markakis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for Orioles . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez flied out to center . Sexson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Matos walked . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Fahey bunt popped out foul to catcher . Mora singled to left , Matos to second . Tejada flied out to left . Hawkins pitching for Orioles . Lopez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Hawkins pitching for Orioles . Everett singled to shallow right . Beltre tripled to deep right center , Everett scored . Petagine hit for Bloomquist . Johjima popped out to first . Reed hit for Betancourt . Petagine popped out to third . Ray pitching for Orioles . Morse at shortstop . Reed in center field . Putz pitching for Mariners . Reed struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Hernandez grounded out to third . Patterson hit by pitch . Patterson stole second . Millar singled to shallow right , Patterson scored , Millar to second advancing on throw . Markakis doubled to deep left center , Millar scored . Woods pitching for Mariners . Matos singled to center , Markakis to third . Fahey singled to center , Markakis scored , Matos to second . Matos to third , Fahey to second on wild pitch by Woods . Mora walked . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Matos scored , Fahey safe at third on error by catcher Johjima , Mora to second . Lopez singled to center , Fahey scored , Mora to third , Tejada to second . Hernandez homered to left , Mora , Tejada and Lopez scored . Patterson walked . Millar flied out to right . Markakis struck out looking . 9 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Ray pitching for Orioles . Suzuki struck out swinging . Lopez flied out to center . Ibanez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 14 - Mariners 4 .	Hernandez has grand slam , seven RBI in Orioles ' win