Blue Jays - Top 1st . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Johnson flied out to right . Rios walked . Wells batting . Glaus singled to center , Rios to second , Rios to third on error by center fielder Patterson . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts grounded out to second . Tejada lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Molina grounded out to second . Overbay singled to center . Hill singled to center , Overbay to second . Alfonzo flied out to right , Overbay to third . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop , Overbay scored , Hill to second . Rios singled to center , Hill scored , Johnson to third . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Hernandez grounded out to first . Millar grounded out to pitcher . Patterson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Glaus grounded out to third . Hillenbrand singled to left . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hillenbrand out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Lopez batting . Fahey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lopez out at second . Markakis flied out to right . Roberts singled to left , Fahey to second . Mora singled to right , Fahey scored , Roberts to second , Roberts to third advancing on throw . Mora stole second . Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop , Roberts scored , Mora to third . Hernandez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Overbay singled to center . Hill struck out swinging . Overbay caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Alfonzo reached on infield single to third . Johnson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Millar grounded out to first . Patterson batting . Lopez struck out swinging . Fahey lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Rios flied out to right . Wells flied out to right . Glaus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Markakis singled to left . Roberts singled to center , Markakis to third . Roberts caught stealing second , catcher to second . Mora hit sacrifice fly to center , Markakis scored . Tejada struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Hillenbrand grounded out to pitcher . Molina singled to left . Overbay singled to left , Molina to second . Williams pitching for Orioles . Catalanotto hit for Alfonzo . Hill singled to left , Molina to third , Overbay to second . Catalanotto reached on infield single to second , Molina scored , Overbay to third , Hill to second . Johnson singled to right , Overbay scored , Hill to third , Catalanotto to second . Rios struck out swinging . Wells walked , Hill scored , Catalanotto to third , Johnson to second . Figueroa at second base . Glaus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wells out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Hernandez grounded out to third . Millar safe at first on error by third baseman Glaus . Patterson singled to right , Millar to second . Lopez safe at first on error by second baseman Figueroa , Millar to third , Patterson to second . Fahey grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Millar scored , Lopez out at second , Patterson to third . Rleal pitching for Orioles . Markakis grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Rleal pitching for Orioles . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Rosario pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Mora flied out to right . Tejada batting . Birkins pitching for Orioles . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Birkins pitching for Orioles . Hill grounded out to pitcher . Figueroa grounded out to second . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Rosario pitching for Blue Jays . Hernandez doubled to deep center . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Millar walked . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Rogers ran for Millar . Patterson bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hernandez out at third , Millar to second . Lopez batting . Fahey hit by pitch , Rogers scored , Patterson to third , Lopez to second . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Patterson out at home , Lopez to third , Fahey to second . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts walked , Lopez scored , Fahey to third , Markakis to second . Fahey scored , Markakis to third , Roberts to second on wild pitch by Downs . Conine at first base . Matos in left field . Ray pitching for Orioles . Mora grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Ray pitching for Orioles . Rios popped out to second . Wells flied out to right . Glaus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 5 - Orioles 7 .	Blue Jays fall to O 's after eighth - inning bullpen meltdown