Phillies - Top 1st . Benson pitching for Orioles . Rollins hit ground rule double to deep right . Dellucci singled to right , Rollins scored , Dellucci out at second . Utley grounded out to shortstop . Abreu struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Mathieson pitching for Phillies . Roberts popped out to third . Fahey walked . Mora doubled to deep left center , Fahey scored . Tejada flied out to right , Mora to third . Hernandez hit by pitch . Patterson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Benson pitching for Orioles . Howard grounded out to second . Victorino flied out to left . Bell popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Mathieson pitching for Phillies . Conine flied out to right . Markakis singled to right . Matos grounded out to shortstop , Markakis to second . Roberts doubled to right center , Markakis scored . Fahey grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Benson pitching for Orioles . Nunez flied out to left . Coste grounded out to shortstop . Rollins walked . Rollins stole second . Dellucci struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Mathieson pitching for Phillies . Mora walked . Tejada doubled to deep right , Mora to third . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop , Mora scored . Patterson struck out swinging . Conine walked . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Markakis tripled to deep center , Tejada and Conine scored . Matos flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Benson pitching for Orioles . Utley homered to right . Abreu grounded out to first . Howard homered to left center . Victorino grounded out to second . Bell grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Roberts singled to left . Fahey sacrificed to catcher , Roberts to second , Fahey safe at first on error by pitcher Fultz . Mora hit by pitch , Roberts to third , Fahey to second . Tejada hit sacrifice fly to right , Roberts scored , Fahey to third . Hernandez homered to right , Fahey and Mora scored . Patterson grounded out to first . Conine singled to center . Geary pitching for Phillies . Markakis singled to center , Conine to second . Conine to third , Markakis to second on passed ball by Coste . Matos hit by pitch . Roberts struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 5th . Benson pitching for Orioles . Nunez grounded out to second . Coste grounded out to third . Rollins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Fahey lined out to left . Mora reached on infield single to shortstop . Tejada singled to right , Mora to second . Hernandez grounded out to third , Mora to third , Tejada to second . Patterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Benson pitching for Orioles . Dellucci homered to left . Utley singled to right . Abreu walked , Utley to second . Williams pitching for Orioles . Howard walked , Utley to third , Abreu to second . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Utley out at home , Abreu to third , Howard to second . Bell grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Victorino out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Conine doubled to left center . Markakis singled to right center , Conine scored . Matos flied out to center . Roberts flied out to center . Franklin pitching for Phillies . Fahey doubled to deep right , Markakis to third . Mora safe at first on error by first baseman Howard , Markakis scored , Fahey to third . Tejada singled to center , Fahey scored , Mora to second . Hernandez flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . Williams pitching for Orioles . Nunez grounded out to first . Coste singled to left center . Rollins flied out to center . Dellucci grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Franklin pitching for Phillies . Patterson popped out to second . Conine doubled to left . Markakis hit by pitch . Matos singled to center , Conine to third , Markakis to second . Rleal pitching for Orioles . Roberts grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Matos out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Rleal pitching for Orioles . Utley popped out to second . Abreu grounded out to first . Howard homered to center . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Victorino flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Fahey struck out swinging . Mora lined out to second . Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop . Hernandez singled to center , Tejada to second . Patterson singled to center , Tejada to third , Hernandez to second . Britton pitching for Orioles . Rogers at second base . Conine grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Bell flied out to center . Nunez struck out looking . Coste singled to right . Rollins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 5 - Orioles 12 .	O 's pound out 20 hits , complete doubleheader sweep