Orioles - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Roberts grounded out to second . Mora flied out to right . Tejada flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Benson pitching for Orioles . Sizemore singled to center . Michaels singled to center , Sizemore to third . Belliard hit sacrifice fly to center , Sizemore scored . Hafner flied out to right . Michaels stole second . Martinez walked . Broussard reached on infield single to first , Michaels to third , Martinez to second . Broussard picked off first . Peralta batting . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Conine singled to center . Hernandez fouled out to catcher . Millar struck out swinging . Conine to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Benson pitching for Orioles . Peralta doubled to deep left center . Vazquez singled to right , Peralta to third . Gutierrez singled to center , Peralta scored , Vazquez to second . Sizemore flied out to center , Vazquez to third . Michaels grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Vazquez out at home , Gutierrez to second . Belliard reached on infield single to shortstop , Gutierrez to third , Michaels to second . Hafner homered to right , Gutierrez , Michaels and Belliard scored . Martinez grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Lopez struck out swinging . Patterson struck out swinging . Terrero flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Benson pitching for Orioles . Broussard doubled to left , Broussard to third on error by left fielder Conine . Peralta popped out to second . Vazquez struck out swinging . Gutierrez doubled to center , Broussard scored . Sizemore struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Mora flied out to right . Tejada singled to right center . Chen pitching for Orioles . Conine grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Michaels singled to center . Belliard grounded out to third , Michaels to second . Hafner walked . Martinez singled to left , Michaels to third , Hafner to second . Broussard grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Michaels scored , Martinez out at second , Hafner to third . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Broussard out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Millar struck out looking . Lopez singled to left . Patterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Vazquez doubled to center . Gutierrez singled to left , Vazquez to third . Sizemore singled to left , Vazquez scored , Gutierrez to second . Michaels grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sizemore out at second , Gutierrez to third . Belliard walked . Hafner grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Terrero hit by pitch . Roberts struck out swinging . Mora lined out to center . Britton pitching for Orioles . Tejada lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Martinez doubled to deep right center . Broussard popped out to third . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Vazquez walked . Gutierrez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Conine grounded out to third . Hernandez flied out to center . Inglett hit for Sizemore . Millar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Inglett grounded out to second . Michaels flied out to right . Inglett in center field . Belliard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Rogers hit for Patterson . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Lopez struck out swinging . Rogers flied out to left . Rogers in right field . Terrero in center field . Rleal pitching for Orioles . Terrero flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Rleal pitching for Orioles . Hafner flied out to center . Martinez singled to right . Broussard grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Roberts flied out to center . Mora grounded out to first . Tejada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 0 - Indians 9 .	Sabathia tosses three - hitter as Indians blank Orioles