Orioles - Top 1st . Redman pitching for Royals . Roberts doubled to deep left . Mora singled to right center , Roberts scored , Mora to second on error by right fielder Costa . Tejada singled to left , Mora scored . Conine safe at first on error by left fielder DeJesus , Tejada to second . Hernandez safe at first on error by pitcher Redman , Tejada to third , Conine to second . Millar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Tejada scored , Hernandez out at second , Conine to third . Lopez walked . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lopez out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 3 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Benson pitching for Orioles . DeJesus lined out to shortstop . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . Mientkiewicz singled to center . Stairs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Redman pitching for Royals . Terrero grounded out to third . Roberts flied out to center . Mora singled to center . Tejada singled to right , Mora to second . Conine out on batter 's interference to catcher . Conine batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Benson pitching for Orioles . Teahen grounded out to second . Costa lined out to third . Berroa singled to left . Gathright flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Redman pitching for Royals . Hernandez singled to left . Millar singled to left center , Hernandez to second . Lopez struck out looking . Markakis flied out to center . Terrero doubled to center , Hernandez scored , Millar to third . Roberts walked . Mora grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Roberts out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Benson pitching for Orioles . Buck singled to deep right , Buck out stretching at second . DeJesus grounded out to pitcher . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Redman pitching for Royals . Tejada reached on infield single to third . Tejada to second on wild pitch by Redman . Conine grounded out to third . Hernandez flied out to left . Millar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Benson pitching for Orioles . Mientkiewicz grounded out to second . Stairs doubled to deep center . Teahen homered to center , Stairs scored . Costa flied out to left . Berroa walked . Gathright walked , Berroa to second . Buck grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gathright out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Redman pitching for Royals . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Markakis singled to center . Terrero grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Markakis out at second . Roberts walked , Terrero to second . Mora grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Benson pitching for Orioles . DeJesus lined out to right . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . Mientkiewicz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Redman pitching for Royals . Tejada doubled to left . Conine struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Tejada out at second . Millar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernandez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Benson pitching for Orioles . Stairs walked . Teahen homered to left , Stairs scored . Costa grounded out to pitcher . Berroa singled to left . Gathright struck out looking . Buck reached on infield single to shortstop , Berroa to third , Buck to second on throwing error by shortstop Tejada . DeJesus lined out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 7th . Redman pitching for Royals . Lopez flied out to center . Markakis struck out looking . Terrero homered to right center . Birkins pitching for Orioles . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . German hit for Mientkiewicz . Birkins pitching for Orioles . Grudzielanek flied out to right . German walked . German to third on wild pitch by Birkins . Stairs hit by pitch . Teahen hit sacrifice fly to center , German scored . Williams pitching for Orioles . Costa doubled to deep center , Stairs scored , Costa to third on error by center fielder Terrero . Berroa reached on bunt single to third , Costa scored . Gathright singled to left , Berroa to second . Nelson pitching for Royals . Stairs at first base . Buck grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 8th . Nelson pitching for Royals . Mora flied out to right . Tejada hit by pitch . Conine struck out looking . Britton pitching for Orioles . Hernandez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Britton pitching for Orioles . DeJesus lined out to shortstop . Brown hit for Nelson . Grudzielanek tripled to deep right . Brown struck out swinging . Burgos pitching for Royals . Stairs flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Millar grounded out to third . Lopez struck out swinging . Patterson hit for Terrero . Markakis singled to left . Patterson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 5 - Royals 7 .	Teahen 's two homers , career - best five RBI lead Royals