White Sox - Top 1st . Chen pitching for Orioles . Podsednik singled to left . Podsednik stole second . Iguchi singled to left , Podsednik to third . Pierzynski singled to right , Podsednik scored , Iguchi to second . Konerko struck out swinging . Dye grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pierzynski out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Roberts walked . Fahey grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Roberts out at second . Mora singled to right , Fahey to third . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fahey scored , Mora out at second . Gibbons singled to right , Tejada to third . Conine grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gibbons out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Mackowiak struck out looking . Crede grounded out to third . Gload grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Patterson flied out to right . Lopez flied out to center . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Uribe flied out to center . Podsednik grounded out to shortstop . Iguchi flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Roberts walked . Fahey singled to center , Roberts to second . Mora sacrificed to pitcher , Roberts to third , Fahey to second . Tejada grounded out to pitcher , Roberts scored , Fahey to third . Gibbons walked . Conine lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Konerko homered to right center . Dye grounded out to third . Mackowiak grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Patterson struck out swinging . Lopez struck out looking . Markakis reached on infield single to second . Roberts grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Crede singled to left . Gload grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crede out at second . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Fahey grounded out to second . Mora flied out to center . Tejada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Podsednik struck out looking . Iguchi singled to right . Britton pitching for Orioles . Pierzynski singled to left , Iguchi to second . Konerko flied out to center , Iguchi to third , Pierzynski to second . Dye singled to center , Iguchi and Pierzynski scored . Mackowiak flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Gibbons homered to right . Conine flied out to right . Patterson hit by pitch . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Lopez singled to center , Patterson to second . Markakis singled to center , Patterson scored , Lopez to second . Roberts lined out to left . Fahey doubled to left , Lopez scored , Markakis to third . Mora grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Crede popped out to third . Gload grounded out to second . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Tejada reached on infield single to first , Tejada to second on throwing error by first baseman Gload . Riske pitching for White Sox . Gibbons singled to left , Tejada to third . Conine hit sacrifice fly to center , Tejada scored . Patterson flied out to left . Byrdak pitching for Orioles . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gibbons out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 8th . Ozuna hit for Podsednik . Byrdak pitching for Orioles . Ozuna struck out looking . Iguchi grounded out to third . Williams pitching for Orioles . Pierzynski singled to shallow left . Konerko walked , Pierzynski to second . Dye homered to center , Pierzynski and Konerko scored . Mackowiak singled to center . Mackowiak stole second . Anderson in center field . Mackowiak in left field . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Crede grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Markakis flied out to center . Millar hit for Fahey . Roberts flied out to left . Millar at first base . Conine in left field . Rodriguez pitching for Orioles . Millar lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Orioles . Gload singled to left . Uribe popped out to shortstop . Anderson struck out swinging . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Iguchi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Mora grounded out to shortstop . Tejada hit by pitch . Tatis ran for Gibbons . Gibbons singled to shallow center , Tejada to third . Conine singled to right , Tejada scored , Tatis to third . Patterson intentionally walked , Conine to second . Lopez singled to center , Tatis scored , Conine to third , Patterson to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 7 - Orioles 8 .	Orioles rally off Jenks in ninth to stun White Sox