Devil Rays - Top 1st . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Baldelli doubled to deep center . Upton flied out to center . Navarro grounded out to first , Baldelli to third . Norton walked . Cantu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Roberts singled to right . Markakis grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Roberts out at second . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Hollins grounded out to third . Lee struck out swinging . Zobrist singled to right . Witt lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Tejada struck out swinging . Conine struck out swinging . Millar walked . Patterson lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Baldelli singled to center . Upton struck out swinging , Baldelli stole second . Navarro grounded out to first , Baldelli to third . Norton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Fahey struck out looking . Widger popped out to shortstop . Roberts grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Cantu singled to center . Hollins doubled to deep right , Cantu scored , Hollins to third advancing on throw . Lee singled to center , Hollins scored . Zobrist grounded out to shortstop , Lee to second . Witt grounded out to first , Lee to third . Baldelli grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Markakis singled to center . Mora singled to left , Markakis to second . Tejada grounded out to pitcher , Markakis to third , Mora to second . Conine hit sacrifice fly to right , Markakis scored , Mora to third . Millar singled to left , Mora scored . Patterson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Upton singled to center . Navarro singled to left , Upton to second . Norton singled to deep right , Upton scored , Navarro to third . Cantu popped out to second . Hollins lined out to right . Lee walked , Norton to second . Zobrist flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Fahey struck out swinging . Widger singled to right . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Widger out at second . Hoey pitching for Orioles . Markakis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Hoey pitching for Orioles . Witt homered to center . Baldelli flied out to center . Upton walked . Upton stole second . Navarro flied out to left . Norton grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Mora singled to deep left center . Tejada grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mora out at second . Conine lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Hoey pitching for Orioles . Cantu struck out swinging . Hollins grounded out to shortstop . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Lee grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Millar doubled to left . Patterson reached on infield single to second , Millar to third . Fahey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Millar scored , Patterson out at second . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Widger flied out to left . Roberts singled to right center , Fahey to third . Byrdak pitching for Orioles . Markakis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Byrdak pitching for Orioles . Zobrist doubled to right center . Williams pitching for Orioles . Witt singled to right , Zobrist to third . Baldelli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zobrist out at home , Witt to second . Upton grounded out to pitcher , Witt to third , Baldelli to second . Crawford ran for Baldelli . Navarro walked . Crawford in left field . Hollins in center field . Miceli pitching for Devil Rays . Norton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Miceli pitching for Devil Rays . Mora flied out to center . Tejada doubled to deep center . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Conine doubled to deep left , Tejada scored . Millar struck out swinging . Patterson intentionally walked . Hernandez hit for Widger . Fahey walked , Conine to third , Patterson to second . Hernandez catching . Hawkins pitching for Orioles . Hernandez fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Hawkins pitching for Orioles . Cantu singled to right . Hollins grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cantu out at second . Lee flied out to center . Zobrist grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Roberts struck out swinging . Markakis singled to deep right . Mora walked , Markakis to second . Tejada singled to right , Markakis scored , Mora to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 4 - Orioles 5 .	Orioles sting Rays in last at - bat once again