Orioles - Top 1st . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Roberts flied out to left . Mora flied out to center . Markakis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Baldelli flied out to center . Young struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Tejada fouled out to right . Gibbons singled to right . Hernandez flied out to center . Patterson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gibbons out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Wigginton flied out to right . Cantu homered to left . Hollins doubled to deep right center . Riggans grounded out to pitcher , Hollins to third . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop , Hollins scored . Upton stole second , Upton safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hernandez . Zobrist tripled to deep right center , Upton scored . Baldelli lined out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 3rd . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Gomez flied out to left . Newhan struck out swinging . Roberts singled to left . Mora grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Roberts out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Young grounded out to shortstop . Crawford flied out to center . Wigginton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Markakis flied out to center . Tejada singled to left . Gibbons singled to center , Tejada to second . Hernandez singled to right , Tejada to third , Gibbons to second . Patterson struck out looking . Gomez singled to right , Tejada scored , Gibbons to third , Hernandez to second . Newhan struck out looking . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Cantu singled to right . Hollins lined out to left . Riggans fouled out to right . Upton singled to center , Cantu to second . Upton caught stealing second , catcher to first . Zobrist batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Roberts singled to center . Roberts to second on balk by Hammel . Mora walked . Markakis singled to center , Roberts scored , Mora to second . Tejada popped out to second , Mora to third , Markakis to second . Gibbons singled to left , Mora scored , Markakis to third . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Hernandez doubled to left , Markakis scored , Gibbons to third . Patterson grounded out to second . Gomez intentionally walked . Newhan walked , Gibbons scored , Hernandez to third , Gomez to second . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gomez out at third , Newhan to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Zobrist flied out to center . Baldelli flied out to right . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Mora fouled out to first . Markakis grounded out to first . Tejada doubled to deep center . Tejada to third on wild pitch by Salas . Gibbons grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Loewen pitching for Orioles . Crawford walked . Wigginton walked , Crawford to second . Crawford stole third . Cantu struck out swinging . Hollins hit sacrifice fly to left , Crawford scored . Riggans grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Patterson struck out swinging . Hoey pitching for Orioles . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Hoey pitching for Orioles . Upton singled to left . Upton to second on balk by Hoey . Zobrist fouled out to third . Baldelli struck out looking . Miceli pitching for Devil Rays . Young lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 8th . Miceli pitching for Devil Rays . Newhan grounded out to first . Roberts grounded out to pitcher . Williams pitching for Orioles . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Williams pitching for Orioles . Crawford singled to left . Wigginton lined into double play , second to first , Crawford doubled off first . Norton hit for Hollins . Burres pitching for Orioles . Cantu reached on infield single to third , Cantu to second on throwing error by third baseman Mora . Hawkins pitching for Orioles . Norton walked . Cantu to third , Norton to second on wild pitch by Hawkins . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Riggans struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 9th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Markakis struck out swinging . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Fahey ran for Gibbons . Gibbons doubled to left . Britton pitching for Orioles . Hernandez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Upton struck out swinging . Zobrist popped out to third . Baldelli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 5 - Devil Rays 4 .	Orioles ' four - run fifth sends D - Rays to ninth straight loss