Twins - Top 1st. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez singled to right. Castillo grounded out to first, Rodriguez to second. Mauer walked. Hunter singled to right, Rodriguez scored, Mauer to third. Cuddyer doubled to deep left, Mauer scored, Hunter to third. Morneau homered to right center, Hunter and Cuddyer scored. White grounded out to second. Ford tripled to deep left. Castro singled to left, Ford scored. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Silva pitching for Twins. Matthews Jr struck out swinging. Young singled to right. Teixeira flied out to left. Nevin grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. Mauer doubled to deep center. Hunter singled to center, Mauer scored. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Cuddyer doubled to left, Hunter to third. Morneau singled to right, Hunter scored, Cuddyer to third. White singled to right, Cuddyer scored, Morneau to second. Ford grounded out to catcher, Morneau to third, White to second. Castro struck out looking. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Silva pitching for Twins. Blalock grounded out to second. Mench flied out to center. Wilkerson singled to center. DeRosa doubled to deep right, Wilkerson to third. Barajas flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez flied out to center. Castillo singled to left. Mauer struck out looking. Hunter walked, Castillo to second. Cuddyer doubled to left, Castillo scored, Hunter to third. Morneau walked. White grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Silva pitching for Twins. Matthews Jr flied out to left. Young doubled to center. Teixeira grounded out to first, Young to third. Nevin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Ford walked. Castro grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ford out at second. Rodriguez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Silva pitching for Twins. Blalock homered to left. Mench homered to right center. Wilkerson singled to left. DeRosa flied out to center. Barajas grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wilkerson out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Castillo struck out looking. Mauer grounded out to first. Hunter singled to right. Cuddyer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Silva pitching for Twins. Matthews Jr doubled to deep right. Young singled to right, Matthews Jr scored. Teixeira flied out to center. Nevin flied out to right. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Blalock grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Morneau grounded out to first. White grounded out to pitcher. Ford grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Silva pitching for Twins. Mench popped out to first. Wilkerson singled to center. DeRosa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilkerson safe at third on error by shortstop Castro. Barajas doubled to deep left, Wilkerson scored, DeRosa to third. Matthews Jr grounded out to second, DeRosa scored, Barajas to third. Young lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 7th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Castro grounded out to third. Rodriguez walked. Castillo grounded out to pitcher, Rodriguez to second. Mauer singled to left, Rodriguez scored. Liriano pitching for Twins. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mauer out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Teixeira struck out swinging. Nevin singled to left. Alfonseca pitching for Rangers. Blalock grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Nevin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Alfonseca pitching for Rangers. Cuddyer walked. Morneau grounded out to first, Cuddyer to second. White doubled to right, Cuddyer scored. Ford singled to right, White scored. Castro flied out to right. Rodriguez singled to right, Ford to second. Castillo grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Mench singled to left. Wilkerson safe at first on error by first baseman Morneau, Mench to third. DeRosa struck out swinging. Brown in center field. Jimenez at second base. Laird catching. Meyer at shortstop. DeRosa at third base. Barajas at first base. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Barajas grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wilkerson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 9th. Mauer safe at first on error by shortstop Meyer. Hunter flied out to right. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Morneau homered to left center, Mauer scored. White grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Brown struck out looking. Jimenez singled to right. Laird singled to center, Jimenez to third. Nevin fouled out to catcher. Meyer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 15 - Rangers 5.	Morneau drives in six runs as Twins rough up Millwood