Rangers - Top 1st. Wang pitching for Yankees. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. Young safe at first on error by first baseman Phillips. Teixeira lined out to left. Nevin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Loe pitching for Rangers. Damon popped out to second. Jeter reached on infield single to second. Giambi walked, Jeter to second. Rodriguez flied out to right, Jeter to third. Posada singled to left, Jeter scored, Giambi to second. Cano grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Blalock flied out to center. Mench grounded out to shortstop. Wilkerson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Loe pitching for Rangers. Williams grounded out to first. Phillips singled to left. Crosby sacrificed to catcher, Phillips to second. Damon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Wang pitching for Yankees. DeRosa reached on infield single to third. Laird singled to left, DeRosa to third. Matthews Jr lined out to third. Young grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Laird out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Loe pitching for Rangers. Jeter struck out swinging. Giambi flied out to left. Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop. Posada hit by pitch, Rodriguez to second. Cano grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Teixeira grounded out to second. Nevin walked. Blalock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nevin safe at second on error by second baseman Cano. Mench singled to left, Nevin scored, Blalock to third, Mench out stretching at second. Wilkerson struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Williams grounded out to second. Phillips popped out to shortstop. Crosby flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Wang pitching for Yankees. DeRosa safe at first on error by second baseman Cano. Laird grounded into double play, third to second to first, DeRosa out at second. Matthews Jr bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Damon lined out to first. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Giambi doubled to left center. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third, Giambi to third. Posada singled to center, Giambi scored, Rodriguez to second. Cano singled to right center, Rodriguez scored, Posada to third. Williams singled to right, Posada scored, Cano to second. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cano out at third, Williams to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Young grounded out to second. Teixeira singled to right. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Nevin grounded into double play, third to second to first, Teixeira out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Crosby struck out swinging. Damon popped out to first. Jeter singled to right. Giambi struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Blalock grounded out to second. Mench grounded out to shortstop. Wilkerson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Posada walked. Cano struck out looking. Williams grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Wang pitching for Yankees. DeRosa grounded out to third. Laird doubled to left. Matthews Jr homered to right, Laird scored. Young grounded out to second. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Teixeira grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Phillips grounded out to third. Crosby grounded out to pitcher. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Damon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Nevin flied out to center. Blalock struck out swinging. Mench popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 3 - Yankees 4.	Posada stays hot, drives in two more in Yanks' win