Rangers - Top 1st. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Matthews Jr doubled to left. Young grounded out to first, Matthews Jr to third. Teixeira batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Podsednik struck out looking. Iguchi doubled to right. Konerko singled to shallow right center, Iguchi scored. Dye struck out swinging. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. DeRosa safe at first on error by shortstop Cintron. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Kinsler struck out swinging. Botts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Crede struck out swinging. Mackowiak grounded out to pitcher. Cintron doubled to deep left center. Gload grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Barajas singled to center. Matthews Jr singled to right, Barajas to second. Young singled to left, Barajas to third, Matthews Jr to second. Teixeira walked, Barajas scored, Matthews Jr to third, Young to second. Blalock singled to right, Matthews Jr scored, Young to third, Teixeira to second. DeRosa struck out swinging. Wilkerson popped out to second. Kinsler popped out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Podsednik walked. Iguchi walked, Podsednik to second. Konerko flied out to right, Podsednik to third, Iguchi to second. Dye struck out swinging. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Botts flied out to center. Barajas grounded out to third. Matthews Jr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Crede doubled to deep right center. Crede to third on wild pitch by Padilla. Mackowiak walked. Cintron grounded into fielder's choice to second, Crede scored, Mackowiak to second. Gload sacrificed to pitcher, Mackowiak to third, Cintron to second. Podsednik doubled to left, Mackowiak and Cintron scored. Podsednik stole third. Iguchi singled to right center, Podsednik scored. Konerko singled to left, Iguchi to second. Pierzynski singled to right, Iguchi scored, Konerko to third, Dye to second. Crede singled to center, Konerko and Dye scored, Pierzynski to second. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Cintron struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Young singled to left. Teixeira singled to right, Young to second. Blalock singled to right, Young scored, Teixeira to second. DeRosa singled to center, Teixeira scored, Blalock to third. Wilkerson hit sacrifice fly to right, Blalock scored. Kinsler popped out to second. Botts grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Wasdin pitching for Rangers. Gload grounded out to third. Podsednik flied out to left. Iguchi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Barajas flied out to right. Matthews Jr doubled to left. Young flied out to center. Teixeira popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Wasdin pitching for Rangers. Konerko flied out to left. Dye struck out swinging. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Blalock popped out to third. DeRosa singled to right. Wilkerson grounded out to pitcher. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Crede fouled out to first. Mackowiak grounded out to first. Uribe hit for Cintron. Uribe flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Uribe at shortstop. Politte pitching for White Sox. Botts walked. Barajas walked, Botts to second. Matthews Jr lined out to right. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Young singled to center, Botts to third, Barajas to second. Teixeira fouled out to first. Blalock reached on infield single to first, Botts scored, Barajas to third, Young to second. Jenks pitching for White Sox. DeRosa lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Gload struck out looking. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Podsednik struck out looking. Iguchi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Anderson in center field. Mackowiak in left field. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Kinsler flied out to left. Botts walked. Barajas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 6 - White Sox 8.	ChiSox use seven-run fourth to top Rangers, snap skid