White Sox - Top 1st. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Podsednik flied out to center. Iguchi grounded out to third. Thome walked. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thome out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. Young grounded out to third. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Pierzynski hit by pitch. Crede struck out swinging. Gload grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pierzynski out at second. Cintron grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gload out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Blalock homered to right. DeRosa struck out swinging. Mench struck out swinging. Kinsler walked. Barajas flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Mackowiak singled to center. Podsednik walked, Mackowiak to second. Mackowiak to third, Podsednik to second on wild pitch by Padilla. Iguchi grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mackowiak out at home, Podsednik to third. Thome popped out to third. Konerko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Hairston Jr singled to left. Matthews Jr singled to right, Hairston Jr to second. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Matthews Jr out at second, Hairston Jr to third. Teixeira doubled to deep center, Hairston Jr scored. Blalock doubled to deep left, Teixeira scored. DeRosa walked. Mench singled to center, Blalock scored, DeRosa to second. Kinsler singled to left, DeRosa scored, Mench to second. Barajas flied out to center. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Pierzynski hit by pitch. Crede struck out swinging. Gload singled to right, Pierzynski to second. Cintron flied out to center. Mackowiak grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gload out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Hairston Jr grounded out to third. Matthews Jr struck out swinging. Young singled to right. Teixeira safe at first on error by second baseman Iguchi, Young to second. Blalock grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 5th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Podsednik struck out looking. Iguchi struck out looking. Thome struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. DeRosa grounded out to shortstop. Mench reached on infield single to pitcher. Kinsler struck out swinging. Barajas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Konerko flied out to left. Pierzynski struck out looking. Crede struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Hairston Jr grounded out to second. Matthews Jr homered to right. Young struck out swinging. Teixeira popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Gload grounded out to first. Cintron grounded out to second. Mackowiak walked. Tracey pitching for White Sox. Podsednik lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Tracey pitching for White Sox. Blalock grounded out to second. Montero pitching for White Sox. DeRosa grounded out to shortstop. Mench flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Iguchi flied out to right. Thome flied out to left. Konerko singled to left. Pierzynski flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Montero pitching for White Sox. Kinsler doubled to left. Kinsler to third on wild pitch by Montero. Barajas hit sacrifice fly to right, Kinsler scored. Hairston Jr singled to left center. Matthews Jr singled to right, Hairston Jr to third. Young singled to left center, Hairston Jr scored, Matthews Jr to third. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Teixeira grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Young out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Crede singled to right. Gload grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crede out at second, Gload to second on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler. Cintron grounded out to shortstop, Gload to third. Mackowiak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 0 - Rangers 8.	Rangers roll behind Padilla's eight shutout innings