Padres - Top 1st. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Cameron grounded out to shortstop. Johnson singled to left. Giles grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Hensley pitching for Padres. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. Young grounded out to first. Teixeira grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Piazza grounded out to third. Bard singled to right. Gonzalez flied out to left. Greene singled to left, Bard to second. Castilla flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Hensley pitching for Padres. Blalock struck out swinging. DeRosa struck out swinging. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Barfield singled to right. Cameron grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barfield out at second. Cameron caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Johnson walked. Giles walked, Johnson to second. Piazza singled to center, Giles thrown out at third, Johnson to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Hensley pitching for Padres. Botts struck out looking. Barajas grounded out to third. Hairston Jr walked. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Bard singled to right. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bard out at second. Greene doubled to deep left, Gonzalez to third. Castilla hit sacrifice fly to center, Gonzalez scored, Greene to third. Barfield doubled to deep left, Greene scored. Cameron grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Hensley pitching for Padres. Young reached on infield single to second. Teixeira grounded out to second, Young to second. Blalock reached on infield single to shortstop, Young to third. DeRosa flied out to left. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. Giles grounded out to pitcher. Piazza singled to center. Bard doubled to left, Piazza to third. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Hensley pitching for Padres. Botts walked. Barajas doubled to left, Botts scored. Hairston Jr popped out to second. Matthews Jr singled to center, Barajas to third, Matthews Jr to second advancing on throw. Young singled to deep right, Barajas and Matthews Jr scored. Teixeira walked, Young to second. Blalock doubled to deep right, Young and Teixeira scored, Blalock to third advancing on throw. Cassidy pitching for Padres. DeRosa struck out swinging. Kinsler popped out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Greene grounded out to third. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Castilla singled to center. Barfield grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castilla out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Cassidy pitching for Padres. Botts struck out looking. Barajas walked. Hairston Jr flied out to center. Matthews Jr singled to left, Barajas to second. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Cameron grounded out to shortstop. Johnson singled to left. Johnson stole second. Giles singled to left, Johnson scored, Giles to second advancing on throw. Piazza popped out to second. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Bard struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Teixeira lined out to first. Blalock popped out to shortstop. Cordero pitching for Rangers. DeRosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Gonzalez struck out looking. Greene flied out to right. Castilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Kinsler flied out to left. Botts grounded out to second. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. Barajas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. Barfield singled to center. Cameron flied out to left. Johnson lined out to left. Barfield to second on fielder's indifference. Giles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 3 - Rangers 5.	Rangers avoid sweep at hands of Padres with 5-3 win