Rangers - Top 1st. Morris pitching for Giants. Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop. DeRosa flied out to center. Young singled to right. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Winn reached on infield single to shortstop. Vizcaino singled to center, Winn to second. Durham grounded into double play, third to second to first, Vizcaino out at second, Winn to third. Bonds intentionally walked. Feliz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bonds out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Morris pitching for Giants. Blalock grounded out to second. Mench singled to center. Barajas grounded out to first, Mench to second. Wilkerson intentionally walked. Millwood struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Finley flied out to center. Sweeney singled to right center. Alfonzo singled to right center, Sweeney to second. Morris sacrificed to catcher, Sweeney to third, Alfonzo to second. Winn homered to right, Sweeney and Alfonzo scored. Vizcaino walked. Durham struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Morris pitching for Giants. Matthews Jr lined out to shortstop. DeRosa grounded out to third. Young walked. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Bonds doubled to deep right center. Feliz grounded out to second, Bonds to third. Finley struck out swinging. Sweeney singled to shallow left, Bonds scored. Alfonzo singled to left, Sweeney to second. Morris struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Morris pitching for Giants. Blalock flied out to left. Mench singled to center. Barajas singled to right center, Mench to third, Barajas to second advancing on throw. Wilkerson struck out looking. Millwood lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Winn doubled to deep right. Vizcaino sacrificed to third, Winn to third. Durham singled to center, Winn scored. Durham to second on wild pitch by Millwood. Bonds intentionally walked. Feliz grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Bonds out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Morris pitching for Giants. Matthews Jr popped out to second. DeRosa flied out to center. DeRosa at shortstop. Kinsler at second base. Texas's Manager Showalter ejected by Young in the 5th. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Finley struck out looking. Sweeney lined out to shortstop. Alfonzo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Morris pitching for Giants. Teixeira grounded out to shortstop. Blalock grounded out to third. Mench grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Morris singled to right center. Winn singled to right, Morris to second. Vizcaino struck out looking. Durham grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Winn out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Morris pitching for Giants. Barajas safe at first on error by third baseman Feliz. Botts hit for Millwood. Wilkerson reached on bunt single to third, Barajas to second. Botts reached on infield single to second, Barajas to third, Wilkerson to second. Matthews Jr grounded into fielder's choice to first, Barajas scored, Botts out at second, Wilkerson to third. Mahay pitching for Rangers. DeRosa grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Matthews Jr out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 7th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Bonds walked. Feliz flied out to center. Finley flied out to right. Sweeney reached on infield single to shortstop, Bonds to second. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Ellison in left field. Alfonzo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sweeney out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Morris pitching for Giants. Kinsler struck out swinging. Teixeira struck out swinging. Masset pitching for Rangers. Frandsen hit for Morris. Blalock grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Masset pitching for Rangers. Frandsen flied out to center. Winn grounded out to shortstop. Vizcaino doubled to deep right. Durham hit by pitch. Worrell pitching for Giants. Frandsen at second base. Ellison flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Worrell pitching for Giants. Mench grounded out to shortstop. Barajas homered to left. Hairston Jr hit for Masset. Wilkerson struck out looking. Hairston Jr safe at first on error by pitcher Worrell. Accardo pitching for Giants. Matthews Jr singled to center, Hairston Jr to third. Matthews Jr to second on fielder's indifference. Guzman ran for DeRosa. DeRosa walked. Kinsler reached on infield single to third, Hairston Jr scored, Matthews Jr to third, Guzman to second. Laird hit for Teixeira. Laird flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 3 - Giants 5.	Morris, Winn provide spark for Giants in win over Rangers