Royals - Top 1st. Padilla pitching for Rangers. DeJesus flied out to left. Grudzielanek walked. Teahen flied out to center. Grudzielanek stole second. Stairs singled to center, Grudzielanek scored. Brown flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Hudson pitching for Royals. Matthews Jr struck out swinging. Young grounded out to third. Teixeira reached on infield single to second. Lee singled to center, Teixeira to second. Blalock doubled to deep right, Teixeira scored, Lee to third. Kinsler lined out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Costa singled to left. Buck lined out to left. Gathright singled to right, Costa to second. Blanco doubled to deep right center, Costa scored, Gathright to third, Gathright scored on error by second baseman Kinsler. DeJesus singled to deep center, Blanco scored, DeJesus scored on error by center fielder Matthews Jr. Grudzielanek flied out to right. Teahen homered to right. Stairs struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Hudson pitching for Royals. DeRosa struck out looking. Wilkerson flied out to left. Barajas doubled to left. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Brown grounded out to third. Costa grounded out to second. Buck grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Hudson pitching for Royals. Young struck out swinging. Teixeira grounded out to first. Lee singled to center. Blalock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Gathright grounded out to second. Blanco lined out to left. DeJesus singled to left. Grudzielanek singled to left, DeJesus to second. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Teahen singled to shallow right, DeJesus scored, Grudzielanek to third. Teahen to second on passed ball by Barajas. Stairs walked. Brown flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Hudson pitching for Royals. Kinsler struck out looking. DeRosa grounded out to shortstop. Wilkerson singled to left. Barajas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Costa grounded out to first. Buck struck out looking. Gathright grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Hudson pitching for Royals. Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Blanco fouled out to third. DeJesus struck out swinging. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Hudson pitching for Royals. Lee popped out to second. Blalock walked. Kinsler reached on infield single to third, Blalock to second. DeRosa grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kinsler out at second, Blalock to third, Blalock scored, DeRosa to second on throwing error by shortstop Blanco. DeRosa to third on wild pitch by Hudson. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Wilkerson flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 7th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Teahen struck out swinging. Stairs struck out looking. Nelson pitching for Royals. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Nelson pitching for Royals. Barajas popped out to shortstop. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. Young doubled to left. Teixeira flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Costa doubled to left. Buck grounded out to shortstop. Gathright grounded out to second, Costa to third. Blanco singled to center, Costa scored. Affeldt pitching for Royals. DeJesus lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Lee grounded out to third. Blalock flied out to right. Kinsler singled to right. DeRosa doubled to deep right center, Kinsler scored. Wasdin pitching for Rangers. Wilkerson flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Wasdin pitching for Rangers. Grudzielanek safe at first on error by shortstop Young. Teahen singled to center, Grudzielanek to second. Stairs hit by pitch, Grudzielanek to third, Teahen to second. Brown singled to left, Grudzielanek and Teahen scored, Stairs to second. Costa flied out to center. Buck singled to left, Stairs scored, Brown to third. Gathright struck out swinging. Blanco hit by pitch, Buck to second. Nunez pitching for Royals. Cruz hit for Barajas. DeJesus grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blanco out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals. Cruz struck out looking. Matthews Jr walked. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Matthews Jr out at second. Teixeira flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 11 - Rangers 3.	Lee rushes to Texas but can't save Rangers from loss