Rangers - Top 1st. Bonser pitching for Twins. Matthews Jr grounded out to third. Young struck out swinging. Lee flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Wells pitching for Rangers. Tyner singled to left. Punto reached on infield single to first, Tyner to second. Mauer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Punto out at second, Tyner to third. Cuddyer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Bonser pitching for Twins. Teixeira homered to right. Blalock flied out to center. DeRosa struck out swinging. Stairs popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Wells pitching for Rangers. Morneau walked. Hunter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Morneau out at second. Redmond doubled to deep right. Rodriguez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Bonser pitching for Twins. Kinsler singled to center. Laird fouled out to second. Matthews Jr reached on infield single to second, Kinsler to second. Kinsler to third, Matthews Jr to second on wild pitch by Bonser. Young walked. Lee hit sacrifice fly to left, Kinsler scored. Teixeira struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Wells pitching for Rangers. Bartlett singled to left center. Tyner flied out to left. Punto struck out swinging. Bartlett caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Bonser pitching for Twins. Blalock grounded out to shortstop. DeRosa walked. Stairs struck out swinging. Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop, DeRosa to second. Laird doubled to left, DeRosa and Kinsler scored. Matthews Jr safe at first on error by first baseman Morneau, Laird scored. Young doubled to deep center, Matthews Jr scored. Lee safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Punto, Young scored. Teixeira struck out looking. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Wells pitching for Rangers. Mauer grounded out to second. Cuddyer doubled to deep right. Morneau grounded out to first, Cuddyer to third. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Hunter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Blalock singled to left center. DeRosa singled to left, Blalock to second. Stairs grounded out to pitcher, Blalock to third, DeRosa to second. Kinsler grounded out to first. Laird flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Wells pitching for Rangers. Redmond lined out to shortstop. Rodriguez walked. Bartlett flied out to right. Tyner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. Young flied out to left. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Wells pitching for Rangers. Punto singled to center. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Mauer singled to center, Punto to second. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mauer out at second, Punto to third. Morneau walked, Cuddyer to second. Hunter singled to right, Punto scored, Cuddyer to third, Morneau to second. Tyner in center field. Rabe in left field. Redmond grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hunter out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Teixeira walked. Blalock grounded into fielder's choice to first, Teixeira out at second. DeRosa singled to center, Blalock to second. Stairs singled to center, Blalock scored, DeRosa to second. Kinsler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stairs out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez singled to center. Bartlett singled to left, Rodriguez to second. Tyner grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bartlett out at second, Rodriguez to third. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Punto walked. Eyre pitching for Twins. Mauer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Eyre pitching for Twins. Laird grounded out to third. Matthews Jr doubled to right. Young flied out to right, Matthews Jr to third. Lee popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Cuddyer walked. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Morneau popped out to shortstop. Rabe popped out to second. Redmond doubled to right, Cuddyer scored. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Eyre pitching for Twins. Teixeira homered to right center. Blalock grounded out to pitcher. DeRosa singled to center. Hairston Jr ran for Stairs. Stairs grounded into fielder's choice to second, DeRosa safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Rodriguez. Kinsler flied out to left. Laird doubled to center, DeRosa scored, Hairston Jr to third. Cruz in right field. Hairston Jr in left field. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 9th. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. Bartlett singled to center. Tyner lined into double play, to first, Bartlett doubled off first. Punto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 10 - Twins 2.	Wells wins Rangers debut