Mariners - Top 1st. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Suzuki popped out to shortstop. Lopez grounded out to second. Beltre lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Matthews Jr lined out to first. Young popped out to first. Lee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Ibanez popped out to shortstop. Sexson struck out looking. Broussard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Teixeira struck out swinging. Blalock grounded out to shortstop. DeRosa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Johjima flied out to left. Betancourt lined out to second. Jones homered to right. Suzuki lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Stairs grounded out to first. Kinsler singled to center. Barajas flied out to center. Matthews Jr popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Lopez grounded out to second. Beltre singled to left. Ibanez struck out swinging. Beltre caught stealing second, catcher to second. Sexson batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Young reached on infield single to shortstop. Lee walked, Young to second. Teixeira lined into double play, center to shortstop, Young doubled off second. Blalock lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. Broussard homered to right center. Johjima lined out to left. Betancourt flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. DeRosa singled to center. Stairs flied out to right. Kinsler grounded into double play, third to second to first, DeRosa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Jones lined out to center. Suzuki grounded out to second. Lopez singled to center. Lopez to second on passed ball by Barajas. Beltre fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Barajas singled to left. Matthews Jr walked, Barajas to second. Young flied out to left. Lee singled to center, Barajas to third, Matthews Jr to second. Teixeira doubled to deep right, Barajas, Matthews Jr and Lee scored. Blalock grounded out to pitcher. Wilson pitching for Rangers. DeRosa grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Ibanez grounded out to shortstop. Sexson struck out swinging. Broussard grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Stairs grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler singled to left. Barajas doubled to deep left, Kinsler to third. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Matthews Jr intentionally walked. Young doubled to deep left, Kinsler, Barajas and Matthews Jr scored, Young scored on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt. Lee singled to right center. Teixeira walked, Lee to second. Blalock singled to right, Lee to third, Teixeira to second. Green pitching for Mariners. DeRosa reached on infield single to third, Teixeira hit by batted ball out at third, Blalock to second. Stairs hit by pitch, Lee scored, Blalock to third, DeRosa to second. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to third, DeRosa out at third, Stairs to second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 8th. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Johjima singled to center. Dobbs hit for Jones. Betancourt walked, Johjima to second. Dobbs grounded out to shortstop, Johjima to third, Betancourt to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. Bloomquist in center field. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Green pitching for Mariners. Barajas flied out to center. Matthews Jr flied out to left. Young singled to center. Lee singled to center, Young to second. Teixeira grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Beltre lined out to right. Ibanez flied out to left. Sexson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 2 - Rangers 8.	Teixeira, Young help Rangers climb out of AL West cellar