Angels - Top 1st. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Izturis flied out to center. Cabrera doubled to deep right. Guerrero flied out to right. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Matthews Jr singled to left. Young singled to center, Matthews Jr to second. Teixeira singled to center, Matthews Jr scored, Young to second, Young to third on error by center fielder Figgins. Lee doubled to deep right, Young scored, Teixeira to third. Blalock safe at first on error by third baseman Izturis, Teixeira scored. DeRosa singled to center, Lee scored, Blalock to second. Young sacrificed to catcher, Blalock to third, DeRosa to second. Laird struck out swinging. Cruz struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Rivera singled to right. Kennedy grounded out to first, Rivera to second. Kendrick struck out swinging. Napoli doubled to deep left, Rivera scored. Figgins singled to left, Napoli scored. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Figgins out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Matthews Jr singled to right. Young flied out to right. Teixeira singled to right, Matthews Jr to second. Lee flied out to center, Matthews Jr to third. Blalock grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Cabrera grounded out to second. Guerrero lined out to second. Anderson singled to right. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Anderson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. DeRosa struck out looking. Young grounded out to shortstop. Laird safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera. Cruz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 4th. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Kennedy struck out swinging. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Napoli popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Matthews Jr grounded out to first. Young walked. Teixeira doubled to deep right, Young to third. Lee reached on infield single to second, Teixeira scored. Blalock singled to center, Lee to third. DeRosa grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Lee out at home, Blalock to third, DeRosa to second. Young walked. Laird struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Figgins homered to right. Izturis bunt grounded out to catcher. Cabrera flied out to center. Guerrero singled to center. Jones pitching for Angels. Anderson flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Jones pitching for Angels. Cruz singled to right. Cruz stole second, Cruz safe at third on throwing error by catcher Napoli. Matthews Jr hit sacrifice fly to right, Cruz scored. Young tripled to deep center. Teixeira hit sacrifice fly to right, Young scored. Lee flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 6th. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Rivera singled to right. Kennedy lined into double play, pitcher to first, Rivera out at first. Romero pitching for Angels. Kendrick grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Romero pitching for Angels. Blalock grounded out to first. DeRosa walked. Young grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, DeRosa out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Napoli grounded out to third. Figgins doubled to deep right center. Izturis singled to center, Figgins scored. Cabrera lined out to first. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Guerrero singled to center, Izturis to second. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Laird doubled to deep left. Cruz singled to left, Laird to third. Laird scored on Bootcheck's wild pitch. Matthews Jr walked, Cruz to second. Young singled to center, Cruz scored, Matthews Jr to third. Moseley pitching for Angels. Teixeira singled to center, Matthews Jr scored, Young to third. Lee grounded into double play, third to second to first, Young scored, Teixeira out at second. Blalock singled to center. DeRosa grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Salmon hit for Kennedy. Rivera struck out swinging. Salmon reached on infield single to second. Morales at first base. Pride in right field. Murphy in left field. Kendrick at second base. Mathis catching. Kendrick grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Salmon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Ojeda hit for Laird. Moseley pitching for Angels. Young flied out to right. Ojeda reached first base on catcher's interference. Ojeda batting. Arias hit for Matthews Jr. Cruz lined out to left. Hairston Jr hit for Young. Arias singled to right, Ojeda to second. Arias at shortstop. Hairston Jr in center field. Ojeda catching. Masset pitching for Rangers. Hairston Jr grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ojeda out at third, Arias to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 9th. Masset pitching for Rangers. Mathis walked. Figgins tripled to deep left, Mathis scored. Izturis hit sacrifice fly to left, Figgins scored. Aybar singled to right. Morales grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Aybar out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 6 - Rangers 12.	Halos can't ride Figgins cycle to win vs. Young, Rangers