Indians - Top 1st. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Sizemore popped out to second. Michaels struck out swinging. Martinez singled to left center. Garko grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Byrd pitching for Indians. Matthews Jr reached on infield single to second. Matthews Jr stole second. Young grounded out to third. Teixeira singled to right, Matthews Jr scored. Lee grounded out to shortstop, Teixeira to second. Blalock flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Blake grounded out to second. Kouzmanoff grounded out to pitcher. Inglett singled to center. Luna doubled to deep right, Inglett scored, Luna out stretching at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Byrd pitching for Indians. DeRosa struck out swinging. Kinsler bunt grounded out to pitcher. Barajas fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Gutierrez fouled out to first. Sizemore struck out swinging. Michaels singled to right. Martinez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Byrd pitching for Indians. Cruz lined out to right. Matthews Jr singled to left. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Matthews Jr out at second. Teixeira homered to center, Young scored. Lee homered to left. Blalock struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Garko grounded out to shortstop. Blake flied out to center. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Byrd pitching for Indians. DeRosa hit by pitch. DeRosa caught stealing second, catcher to second. Kinsler singled to left center. Barajas walked, Kinsler to second. Cruz lined out to shortstop. Matthews Jr safe at second on error by first baseman Garko, Kinsler scored, Barajas to third. Young singled to center, Barajas and Matthews Jr scored. Teixeira doubled to deep center, Young scored. Lee struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 5th. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Inglett singled to right center. Luna grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Inglett out at second. Gutierrez singled to center. Sizemore singled to right, Gutierrez to third. Mujica pitching for Indians. Michaels grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sizemore out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Mujica pitching for Indians. Blalock flied out to right. DeRosa grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Eaton pitching for Rangers. Martinez grounded out to second. Garko singled to center. Blake singled to left, Garko to second. Kouzmanoff walked, Garko to third, Blake to second. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Inglett singled to right, Garko scored, Blake to third, Kouzmanoff to second. Luna hit sacrifice fly to right, Blake scored, Kouzmanoff to third. Gutierrez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Mujica pitching for Indians. Barajas hit by pitch. Cruz struck out swinging. Matthews Jr fouled out to third. Young safe at first on error by third baseman Kouzmanoff, Barajas to second. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 7th. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Sizemore struck out swinging. Michaels grounded out to shortstop. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Martinez walked. Guthrie pitching for Indians. Garko lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Guthrie pitching for Indians. Lee homered to left. Blalock flied out to center. DeRosa singled to center. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Kinsler grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, DeRosa out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Blake singled to center. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Inglett flied out to right. Mastny pitching for Indians. Luna flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Mastny pitching for Indians. Barajas singled to center. Cruz reached on infield single to third, Barajas to second. Matthews Jr walked, Barajas to third, Cruz to second. Arias ran for Young. Young singled to right, Barajas and Cruz scored, Matthews Jr to second. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to first, Arias out at second, Matthews Jr to third. Perez pitching for Indians. Lee hit sacrifice fly to right, Matthews Jr scored. Arias at shortstop. Masset pitching for Rangers. Blalock struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Masset pitching for Rangers. Gutierrez reached on infield single to third. Choo hit for Michaels. Sizemore struck out swinging. Choo singled to center, Gutierrez to second. Martinez hit by pitch, Gutierrez to third, Choo to second. Garko hit sacrifice fly to right, Gutierrez scored. Blake struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 4 - Rangers 12.	Rangers trio puts up big numbers in win over Indians