Rangers - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Matthews Jr struck out swinging. Young flied out to left. Teixeira grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Volquez pitching for Rangers. Izturis flied out to left. Cabrera singled to center. Guerrero homered to left, Cabrera scored. Anderson singled to shallow center. Rivera hit by pitch, Anderson to second. Kennedy grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Rivera out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Lee hit ground rule double to right. DeRosa grounded out to pitcher, Lee to third. Kinsler hit sacrifice fly to left, Lee scored. Laird flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Volquez pitching for Rangers. Kendrick struck out swinging. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. Figgins singled to left center. Figgins stole second. Izturis singled to center, Figgins scored. Cabrera flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Cruz grounded out to third. Arias singled to center. Matthews Jr singled to center, Arias to third. Young singled to left, Arias scored, Matthews Jr to second. Teixeira grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Young out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Volquez pitching for Rangers. Guerrero grounded out to third. Anderson grounded out to first. Rivera singled to left. Kennedy singled to right, Rivera to second. Kendrick singled to left, Rivera scored, Kennedy to second. Napoli popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Lee grounded out to pitcher. DeRosa struck out looking. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Figgins homered to right. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to left. Guerrero singled to left center, Cabrera to third. Anderson struck out swinging, Guerrero to second on wild pitch by Rupe. Rivera reached on infield single to pitcher, Cabrera scored, Guerrero to third. Kennedy grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Laird struck out swinging. Cruz struck out swinging. Arias flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Kendrick grounded out to second. Napoli struck out swinging. Figgins walked. Izturis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. Young grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira singled to left. Lee safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Izturis, Teixeira to second. Teixeira to third, Lee to second on wild pitch by Saunders. Bauer pitching for Rangers. DeRosa popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 6th. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Cabrera singled to center. Cabrera stole second. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Anderson struck out looking. Rivera singled to center, Cabrera scored. Kennedy flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Kinsler singled to right. Laird grounded into double play, second to first, Kinsler out at second. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Cruz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Kendrick reached on infield single to second. Napoli singled to right, Kendrick thrown out at third. Figgins grounded into fielder's choice to second, Napoli out at second. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Izturis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Arias singled to left. Arias to second on wild pitch by Donnelly. Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop. Young walked. Teixeira fouled out to catcher. Shields pitching for Angels. Lee singled to center, Arias scored, Young to third. Francisco pitching for Rangers. DeRosa grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Cabrera lined out to shortstop. Guerrero homered to center. Anderson safe at first on error by second baseman Kinsler. Rivera singled to left, Anderson to second. Salmon hit for Kendrick. Kennedy flied out to center. Erstad at first base. Salmon struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 9th. Shields pitching for Angels. Kinsler struck out swinging. Laird popped out to second. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 3 - Angels 8.	Vlad homers twice as Angels stay alive in playoff hunt