Giants - Top 1st. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Hernández struck out swinging. Belt grounded out to third. Pence singled to center. Posey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Moore pitching for Giants. Hernández flied out to center. Seager flied out to left. Turner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Arroyo reached on infield single to third. Núñez reached on infield single to third, Arroyo to second. Panik struck out looking. Hundley walked, Arroyo to third, Núñez to second. Moore singled to center, Arroyo scored, Núñez to third, Hundley to second, Núñez scored, Hundley to third, Moore to second on throwing error by center fielder Hernández. Hernández lined out to pitcher. Belt doubled to shallow right, Hundley and Moore scored. Pence flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Moore pitching for Giants. Gutierrez homered to center (447 feet). Taylor walked. Puig reached on infield single to third, Taylor to second. Barnes walked, Taylor to third, Puig to second. Bellinger tripled to left, Taylor, Puig and Barnes scored. Wood singled to left, Bellinger scored. Hernández flied out to left. Seager doubled to deep left center, Wood to third. Turner hit sacrifice fly to right, Wood scored, Seager to third. Gutierrez struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Posey singled to center. Arroyo grounded out to pitcher, Posey to second. Núñez grounded out to second, Posey to third. Panik singled to right center, Posey scored. Hundley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Moore pitching for Giants. Taylor walked. Puig grounded into double play, third to second to first, Taylor out at second. Barnes lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Moore struck out looking. Hernández grounded out to third. Belt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Moore pitching for Giants. Bellinger singled to right. Wood struck out bunting foul. Hernández walked, Bellinger to second. Seager walked, Bellinger to third, Hernández to second. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Turner hit by pitch, Bellinger scored, Hernández to third, Seager to second. Gutierrez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hernández scored, Turner out at second, Seager to third. Taylor walked, Gutierrez to second. Puig singled to right, Seager and Gutierrez scored, Taylor to third. Barnes grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Pence struck out looking. Posey lined out to second. Arroyo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Bellinger grounded out to second. Utley hit for Wood. Utley walked. Utley stole second. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Utley out at third. Seager grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Romo pitching for Dodgers. Núñez popped out to shortstop. Panik grounded out to first. Hundley popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Morris pitching for Giants. Turner singled to center. Toles hit for Gutierrez. Toles doubled to left, Turner to third. Taylor struck out swinging. Puig singled to center, Turner and Toles scored. Barnes walked, Puig to second. Bellinger flied out to center. González hit for Romo. González singled to right, Puig scored, Barnes thrown out at third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Toles in left field. Avilán pitching for Dodgers. Tomlinson hit for Morris. Tomlinson struck out swinging. Hernández singled to left center. Belt singled to center, Hernández to second. Pence struck out swinging. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Hernández in right field. Belt at first base. Stubbs in center field. Osich pitching for Giants. Tomlinson in left field. Hernández grounded out to third. Seager grounded out to second. Turner grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Arroyo singled to left center. Núñez popped out to third. Panik grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Arroyo out at second. Hundley doubled to deep right center, Panik to third. Tomlinson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Toles grounded out to second. Taylor walked. Puig struck out swinging. Barnes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Hernández singled to left. Belt struck out swinging. Stubbs struck out swinging. Gillaspie hit for Kontos. Gillaspie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 5 - Dodgers 13.	Puig, Bellinger power Dodgers to 13-5 win over Giants