Marlins - Top 1st. Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Yelich grounded out to first. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Volquez pitching for Marlins. Utley reached on infield single to third. Seager singled to left, Utley to second. Turner singled to left, Utley to third, Seager to second. Bellinger grounded into fielder's choice to first, Utley scored, Turner out at second, Seager to third. Grandal grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bellinger out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Stanton doubled to deep left. Stanton out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Bour homered to right (412 feet). Realmuto doubled to deep left center. Colón lined out to right, Realmuto to third. Riddle lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Volquez pitching for Marlins. González grounded out to second. Pederson singled to right. Puig homered to left (438 feet), Pederson scored. Ryu doubled to right. Utley singled to center, Ryu scored. Utley stole second. Seager lined into double play, second to shortstop, Utley doubled off second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Volquez grounded out to shortstop. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Yelich homered to left center (385 feet). Ozuna flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Volquez pitching for Marlins. Turner walked. Bellinger struck out swinging, Turner stole second. Grandal struck out swinging. González singled to right, Turner scored. Pederson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Stanton grounded out to third. Bour walked. Realmuto struck out swinging. Colón grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bour out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Volquez pitching for Marlins. Puig walked. Ryu hit by pitch, Puig to second. Utley sacrificed to pitcher, Puig to third, Ryu to second. Seager intentionally walked. Turner grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Riddle singled to center. Volquez struck out bunting foul. Gordon hit by pitch, Riddle to second. Yelich grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Volquez pitching for Marlins. Bellinger flied out to left. Grandal flied out to left. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Ozuna lined out to shortstop. Stanton singled to right. Bour reached on infield single to third, Stanton to second. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Realmuto struck out swinging. Dietrich hit for Colón. Dietrich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Dietrich at third base. Volquez pitching for Marlins. Pederson grounded out to second. Puig batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Avilán pitching for Dodgers. Riddle struck out swinging. Moore hit for Volquez. Moore struck out swinging. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Utley walked. Seager struck out swinging. Utley caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Turner singled to right. Bellinger walked, Turner to second. Grandal singled to left, Turner thrown out at home, Bellinger to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Taylor at third base. Avilan pitching for Dodgers. Yelich walked. Fields pitching for Dodgers. Ozuna walked, Yelich to second. Stanton flied out to center. Bour struck out swinging. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Realmuto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Despaigne pitching for Marlins. González grounded out to shortstop. Pederson walked. Puig walked, Pederson to second. Jansen reached on infield single to shortstop, Pederson to third, Puig to second. Utley hit sacrifice fly to left, Pederson scored. Seager walked, Puig to third, Jansen to second. Taylor walked, Puig scored, Jansen to third, Seager to second. Bellinger flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Dietrich struck out looking. Riddle struck out looking. Suzuki hit for Despaigne. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 2 - Dodgers 7.	Turner injures right hamstring, Dodgers beat Marlins 7-2