Dodgers - Top 1st. Banda pitching for Diamondbacks. Taylor grounded out to third. Seager singled to right. Turner singled to left, Seager to second. Bellinger flied out to right. Forsythe walked, Seager to third, Turner to second. Hernández doubled to deep left, Seager, Turner and Forsythe scored, Hernández to third on throwing error by shortstop Marte. Barnes hit by pitch. Pederson flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Darvish pitching for Dodgers. Peralta reached on infield single to third. Pollock struck out swinging. Lamb flied out to center. Peralta stole second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Banda pitching for Diamondbacks. Darvish struck out swinging. Taylor struck out swinging. Seager singled to right. Seager to second on wild pitch by Banda. Turner grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Darvish pitching for Dodgers. Martinez struck out swinging. Descalso struck out looking. Iannetta lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Banda pitching for Diamondbacks. Bellinger lined out to first. Forsythe struck out looking. Hernández popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Darvish pitching for Dodgers. Marte walked. Banda sacrificed to third, Marte to second. Marte to third on wild pitch by Darvish. Peralta reached on infield single to second, Marte scored. Pollock struck out looking. Lamb grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Banda pitching for Diamondbacks. Barnes grounded out to shortstop. Pederson grounded out to shortstop. Darvish struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Darvish pitching for Dodgers. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Martinez homered to right center (383 feet). Descalso singled to center. Iannetta popped out to first. Marte singled to right, Descalso to second. Drury hit for Banda. Drury struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks. Taylor homered to left (397 feet). Seager walked. Turner grounded out to third, Seager to second. Bellinger safe at second on throwing error by catcher Iannetta, Seager scored. Forsythe reached on infield single to first, Bellinger to third. Hernández struck out swinging. Forsythe stole second. Barnes reached on infield single to shortstop, Bellinger scored, Forsythe to third. Pederson lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Darvish pitching for Dodgers. Peralta walked. Pollock struck out swinging. Lamb struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Farmer hit for Darvish. Farmer singled to center. Farmer to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa. Taylor walked. Seager fouled out to pitcher. Turner doubled to deep center, Farmer and Taylor scored. Bellinger flied out to right, Turner to third. Forsythe struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Stewart pitching for Dodgers. Martinez struck out swinging. Descalso singled to right center. Iannetta homered to left (357 feet), Descalso scored. Marte struck out swinging. Herrmann hit for De La Rosa. Herrmann flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández grounded out to third. Barnes grounded out to first. Pederson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Stewart pitching for Dodgers. Peralta flied out to left. Pollock doubled to right center. Hernández in center field. Puig in right field. Watson pitching for Dodgers. Lamb grounded out to pitcher, Pollock to third. Morrow pitching for Dodgers. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Puig grounded out to shortstop. Taylor flied out to right. Seager grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Morrow pitching for Dodgers. Martinez walked. Descalso singled to center, Martinez to third. Descalso stole second. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martinez out at home, Descalso to third, Iannetta to second. Marte singled to center, Descalso and Iannetta scored. Blanco hit for McFarland. Cingrani pitching for Dodgers. Blanco struck out swinging. Peralta struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Turner flied out to center. Bellinger flied out to left. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Pollock popped out to first. Lamb popped out to shortstop. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 8 - Diamondbacks 6.	Turner, Hernandez help Dodgers hold off Diamondbacks