Rangers - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Mets . Kinsler grounded out to first . Catalanotto doubled to right . Young singled to deep center , Catalanotto scored . Hamilton grounded out to third , Young to second . Murphy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Reyes bunt grounded out to catcher . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Wright singled to left . Beltran popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Mets . Byrd singled to left center . Saltalamacchia singled to right , Byrd thrown out at third . Vazquez struck out swinging . Gabbard grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Saltalamacchia out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Easley grounded out to shortstop . Delgado grounded out to shortstop . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Mets . Kinsler safe at second on error by left fielder Easley . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop , Kinsler to third . Young walked . Hamilton singled to left , Kinsler scored , Young to second . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hamilton out at second , Young to third . Byrd struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Tatis grounded out to shortstop . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . Reyes struck out swinging , Reyes safe at first on wild pitch by Gabbard . Castillo singled to center , Reyes to third . Wright singled to right center , Reyes scored , Castillo to third . Beltran singled to right center , Castillo scored , Wright to third . Easley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltran out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Mets . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first . Vazquez bunt grounded out to catcher . Gabbard singled to center . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gabbard out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Delgado grounded out to first . Castro flied out to center . Tatis singled to right . Martinez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Martinez pitching for Mets . Catalanotto flied out to center . Young lined out to center . Hamilton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Castillo walked . Wright grounded into double play , third to second to first , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Martinez pitching for Mets . Murphy grounded out to first . Byrd flied out to center . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Gabbard pitching for Rangers . Beltran singled to left . Easley doubled to deep center , Beltran to third . Delgado grounded out to shortstop . Castro struck out looking . Tatis intentionally walked . Cancel hit for Martinez . Cancel singled to center , Beltran and Easley scored , Tatis to second . Reyes walked , Tatis to third , Cancel to second . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Castillo grounded out to third . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Castillo grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Vazquez struck out swinging . Duran hit for Rupe . Duran grounded out to third . Kinsler fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Wright singled to right . Beltran grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Wright out at second . Easley singled to right center . Delgado singled to center , Easley to second . Castro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Chavez in right field . Tatis in left field . Shelton hit for Catalanotto . Sanchez pitching for Mets . Shelton lined out to left . Young grounded out to pitcher . Hamilton grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Shelton at first base . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Tatis grounded out to second . Anderson hit for Sanchez . Anderson singled to right center . Reyes flied out to left . Castillo singled to center , Anderson to second . Wright walked , Anderson to third , Castillo to second . Beltran grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Wagner pitching for Mets . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . Byrd struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - Mets 4 .	Reprieve for Willie ? Mets leverage split at home