Tigers - Top 1st. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Goodrum struck out swinging. Schoop struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Tucker grounded out to third. Newman struck out swinging. Bell walked. Moran flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Cron homered to right (351 feet). Stewart grounded out to first. Candelario struck out swinging. Reyes grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Reynolds walked. Evans singled to right, Reynolds to second. Frazier struck out swinging. Stallings walked, Evans to second, Reynolds to third. González singled to left, Evans scored and Reynolds scored, Stallings to second. Tucker popped out to shortstop. González to second on wild pitch by Boyd, Stallings to third on wild pitch by Boyd. Newman grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Romine grounded out to second. Jones struck out swinging. Goodrum struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Bell singled to center. Moran grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Bell out at second. Reynolds lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Schoop flied out to right. Cabrera lined out to second. Cron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Evans struck out swinging. Frazier grounded out to second. Stallings doubled to deep left center. González homered to left (443 feet), Stallings scored. Tucker popped out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Brault pitching for Pirates. Stewart doubled to deep right center. Candelario singled to right, Stewart to third. Reyes walked, Candelario to second. Romine singled to right, Stewart scored, Reyes to second, Candelario to third. Jones walked, Candelario scored, Romine to second, Reyes to third. Goodrum walked, Reyes scored, Jones to second, Romine to third. Hartlieb pitching for Pirates. Schoop struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Cron walked, Romine scored, Goodrum to second, Jones to third. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Newman singled to left. Bell struck out swinging. Moran struck out swinging. Reynolds singled to center, Newman to second. Evans homered to center (411 feet), Newman scored and Reynolds scored. Schreiber pitching for Tigers. Frazier grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Rios pitching for Pirates. Candelario lined out to right. Reyes singled to center. Romine grounded out to third, Reyes to second. Jones doubled to third, Reyes scored. Goodrum struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Schreiber pitching for Tigers. Stallings flied out to right. González flied out to left. Tucker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Rios pitching for Pirates. Schoop singled to left. Cabrera hit by pitch, Schoop to second. Cron walked, Cabrera to second, Schoop to third. Del Pozo pitching for Pirates. Stewart singled to center, Schoop scored, Cron to second, Cabrera to third. Demeritte ran for Stewart. Candelario singled to left, Cabrera scored and Cron scored, Demeritte to second. Reyes singled to left center, Demeritte scored, Candelario to second. Romine grounded out to second, Reyes to second, Candelario to third. Jones struck out swinging. Goodrum doubled to deep center, Candelario scored and Reyes scored. Schoop grounded out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Demeritte in right field. Reyes in left field. Soto pitching for Tigers. Newman grounded out to second. Bell grounded out to second. Moran grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Del Pozo pitching for Pirates. Cabrera singled to left. Lugo ran for Cabrera. Cron grounded into fielder's choice to left, Lugo safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Moran. Demeritte struck out swinging. Candelario grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cron out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Lugo as designated hitter. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Reynolds singled to right. Evans grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. Frazier singled to shallow left, Evans to second. Stallings walked, Frazier to second, Evans to third. González doubled to deep right, Evans scored and Frazier scored, Stallings to third. Cisnero pitching for Tigers. Tucker lined out to shortstop. Newman grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Reyes grounded out to third. Romine struck out looking. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Jiménez pitching for Tigers. Bell struck out swinging. Moran struck out swinging. Reynolds singled to deep right. Reynolds to second on fielder's indifference. Evans singled to left, Reynolds scored. Dyson ran for Evans. Frazier homered to center (408 feet), Dyson scored. Polanco hit for Stallings. Polanco flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 10th. Tucker in right field. Dyson in center field. Polanco catching. Murphy catching. Turley pitching for Pirates. Goodrum lined out to third. Schoop struck out swinging. Lugo singled to right, Jones scored, Lugo to second. Cron flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 10th. Garcia pitching for Tigers. González singled to right, Murphy to third. Tucker hit sacrifice fly to center, Murphy scored. Newman flied out to right. Bell singled to center, González to second. Moran grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 11th. Castro ran for Cron. Neverauskas pitching for Pirates. Demeritte struck out swinging. Candelario singled to right, Castro scored. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Candelario out at second. Reyes stole second, Reyes safe at third on throwing error by catcher Murphy. Romine singled to left, Reyes scored. Jones walked, Romine to second. Goodrum doubled to deep right, Jones scored and Romine scored. Schoop grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 11th. Castro at third base. Candelario at first base. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Reynolds struck out swinging. Dyson flied out to left. Frazier flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 17 - Pirates 13.	Tigers outslug Pirates 17-13 in 11 innings after layoff