Tigers - Top 1st. Cease pitching for White Sox. Goodrum struck out looking. Castro lined out to right. Cabrera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Skubal pitching for Tigers. Anderson homered to left center (422 feet). Moncada singled to center. Abreu singled to right, Moncada to second. Jiménez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Abreu out at second, Moncada to third. Encarnación walked. McCann flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Cease pitching for White Sox. Schoop homered to left center (440 feet). Stewart fouled out to third. Candelario popped out to second. Jones grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Skubal pitching for Tigers. Robert flied out to right. Mazara singled to left center. Mendick singled to left, Mazara to second. Anderson doubled to left, Mazara scored, Mendick to third. Moncada hit sacrifice fly to right, Mendick scored, Anderson to third. Abreu singled to right, Anderson scored. Jiménez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Cease pitching for White Sox. Romine doubled to deep right. Paredes flied out to right, Romine to third. Goodrum hit sacrifice fly to right, Romine scored. Castro doubled to left center. Cabrera walked. Schoop fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Norris pitching for Tigers. Encarnación struck out looking. McCann grounded out to third. Robert struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Cease pitching for White Sox. Stewart flied out to right. Candelario grounded out to third. Jones walked. Romine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Norris pitching for Tigers. Mazara grounded out to shortstop. Mendick struck out swinging. Anderson singled to shallow right. Anderson to second on passed ball by Romine. Moncada walked. Abreu doubled to deep right center, Moncada scored and Anderson scored. Jiménez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Cease pitching for White Sox. Paredes fouled out to first. Goodrum flied out to right. Castro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Reyes in right field. Norris pitching for Tigers. Encarnación flied out to right. McCann struck out swinging. Robert grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Cease pitching for White Sox. Cabrera struck out swinging. Schoop singled to shallow right. Stewart reached first base on catcher's interference, Stewart to first on error by catcher McCann, Schoop to second on error. Candelario lined into double play, to first, Stewart doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Norris pitching for Tigers. Mazara flied out to center. Mendick lined out to center. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Cease pitching for White Sox. Jones flied out to center. Romine singled to center. Paredes walked, Romine to second. Heuer pitching for White Sox. Goodrum popped out to third. Reyes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Cisnero pitching for Tigers. Moncada walked. Abreu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Moncada out at second. Jiménez popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Gonzalez in center field. Burdi pitching for White Sox. Cabrera singled to left. Castro ran for Cabrera. Schoop struck out swinging. Stewart lined out to right. Candelario singled to center, Castro to third. Castro scored on Burdi wild pitch, Candelario to second on wild pitch by Burdi. Candelario scored on error, Jones safe at first on fielding error by center fielder Gonzalez, Jones thrown out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Castro as designated hitter. Soto pitching for Tigers. Encarnación walked. Goins ran for Encarnación. McCann singled to right, Goins to second. Gonzalez hit by pitch, McCann to second, Goins to third. Mazara reached on infield single to third, Goins scored, Gonzalez to second, McCann to third. Schreiber pitching for Tigers. Mendick hit sacrifice fly to center, McCann scored. Anderson singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Mazara to third. Moncada grounded out to first, Mazara scored, Anderson to second. Abreu grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Goins as designated hitter. Fry pitching for White Sox. Romine grounded out to first. Paredes struck out swinging. Goodrum singled to center. Reyes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 4 - White Sox 10.	Anderson, White Sox rough up Skubal, Tigers 10-4