Yankees - Top 1st. Abbott pitching for Devil Rays. Lofton flied out to left. Jeter grounded out to second. Rodriguez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Brown pitching for Yankees. Crawford struck out swinging. Baldelli grounded out to third. Fick grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Abbott pitching for Devil Rays. Giambi grounded out to first. Sheffield grounded out to third. Matsui walked. Williams flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Brown pitching for Yankees. Huff struck out looking. Cruz struck out swinging. Perez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Abbott pitching for Devil Rays. Posada batting. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Brown pitching for Yankees. Blum grounded out to second. Fordyce singled to left. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fordyce out at second. Crawford flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Abbott pitching for Devil Rays. Jeter popped out to second. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Giambi safe at first on error by third baseman Huff. Sheffield flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Brown pitching for Yankees. Baldelli reached on infield single to second. Fick singled to center, Baldelli to second. Huff flied out to center. Cruz singled to right, Baldelli to third, Fick to second. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Baldelli scored, Fick out at third, Cruz to second. Blum grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Abbott pitching for Devil Rays. Matsui struck out swinging. Williams struck out swinging. Posada flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Brown pitching for Yankees. Fordyce flied out to left. Lugo popped out to second. Crawford reached on bunt single to pitcher, Crawford to second on throwing error by pitcher Brown. Crawford to third on wild pitch by Brown. Baldelli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 6th. Abbott pitching for Devil Rays. Wilson flied out to center. Lofton singled to center. Jeter hit ground rule double to left, Lofton to third. Rodriguez singled to center, Lofton scored, Jeter to third. Giambi singled to right, Jeter scored, Rodriguez to second. Sheffield grounded into fielder's choice to third, Giambi out at second, Rodriguez to third. Matsui walked, Sheffield to second. Williams grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Brown pitching for Yankees. Fick flied out to right. Huff flied out to center. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Posada grounded out to pitcher. Wilson struck out looking. Lofton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Brown pitching for Yankees. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Blum grounded out to second. Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays. Fordyce grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays. Jeter singled to right center. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jeter out at second. Crosby ran for Giambi. Giambi doubled to deep right center. Clark at first base. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Martinez hit for Lugo. Sheffield grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Martinez walked. Rolls ran for Martinez. Crawford grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rolls out at second. Blum at shortstop. Rolls at second base. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Baldelli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Matsui walked. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Matsui out at second. Posada singled to center, Williams to third. Wilson hit sacrifice fly to center, Williams scored. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Lofton flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Fick grounded out to second. Huff reached on infield single to second. Cruz singled to right, Huff to second. Romano ran for Perez. Perez doubled to left, Huff scored, Cruz to third. Blum intentionally walked. Fordyce grounded into double play, third to first, Romano out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 3 - Devil Rays 2.	Yanks survive Rays rally, get series split