Orioles - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Roberts singled to center. Mora struck out looking, Roberts stole second. Tejada struck out swinging. Palmeiro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Baldelli reached on infield single to third. Huff grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Baldelli safe at third on error by shortstop Tejada, Huff safe at second on error by shortstop Tejada. Perez grounded out to shortstop, Baldelli scored, Huff to third. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Lopez singled to center. Gibbons grounded out to first, Lopez to second. Segui flied out to left. Matos flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Martinez walked. Lugo flied out to left. Fordyce flied out to center. Romano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Bigbie flied out to center. Roberts struck out swinging. Mora walked. Tejada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Crawford grounded out to second. Baldelli flied out to center. Huff homered to right. Perez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Palmeiro singled to right center. Lopez walked, Palmeiro to second. Gibbons grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lopez out at second, Palmeiro to third. Segui lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Cruz singled to center. Martinez popped out to shortstop. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cruz out at second. Fordyce popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Matos struck out looking. Bigbie grounded out to first. Roberts grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Romano lined out to third. Crawford walked. Crawford stole second. Crawford stole third. Baldelli singled to right, Crawford scored. Huff struck out looking, Baldelli caught stealing second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Mora struck out swinging. Tejada safe at first on error by second baseman Romano. Palmeiro singled to left, Tejada to second. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Palmeiro out at second, Tejada to third. Gibbons grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Perez flied out to center. Cruz homered to left. Martinez homered to right. Lugo grounded out to second. Fordyce hit ground rule double to deep right. Sanchez at second base. Romano flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Segui doubled to deep center. Matos grounded out to shortstop. Bigbie struck out swinging. Roberts reached on infield single to shortstop, Segui to third. Mora singled to left, Segui scored, Roberts to second. Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to third, Roberts out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Crawford singled to left. Crawford to second on wild pitch by Parrish. Baldelli walked. Huff grounded out to first, Crawford to third, Baldelli to second. Perez struck out swinging. Cruz intentionally walked. Crawford scored, Baldelli to third, Cruz to second on wild pitch by Parrish. Martinez struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays. Palmeiro lined out to right. Lopez flied out to center. Gibbons singled to center. Baltimore's Segui ejected by Hudson in the 8th. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. Fordyce walked. Sanchez singled to center, Fordyce to second. Crawford singled to left, Fordyce scored, Sanchez to second. Baldelli singled to left, Sanchez to third, Crawford to second. Huff hit sacrifice fly to left, Sanchez scored, Crawford scored, Baldelli to third on throwing error by shortstop Tejada. Baldelli scored on Parrish's wild pitch. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Perez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 9th. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Matos flied out to left. Bigbie flied out to center. Lopez hit for Roberts. Lopez hit for Roberts. Lopez hit for Roberts. Lopez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 1 - Devil Rays 10.	Zambrano wins third straight for Devil Rays