Devil Rays - Top 1st. Sele pitching for Angels. Crawford grounded out to second. Lugo singled to center. Fick popped out to second. Martinez singled to right, Lugo to second. Lugo to third, Martinez to second on wild pitch by Sele. Baldelli singled to center, Lugo and Martinez scored. Huff popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Eckstein grounded out to pitcher. Erstad walked. Figgins flied out to right. Guerrero lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Sele pitching for Angels. Blum flied out to center. Hall flied out to center. Cruz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Glaus walked. Guillen hit by pitch, Glaus to second. Davanon walked, Glaus to third, Guillen to second. Molina fouled out to first. Kennedy fouled out to catcher. Eckstein walked, Glaus scored, Guillen to third, Davanon to second. Erstad fouled out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Sele pitching for Angels. Crawford grounded out to first. Lugo singled to right. Fick struck out swinging. Lugo stole second. Martinez singled to right, Lugo tagged out at home, Lugo to third advancing on play. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Figgins reached on bunt single to first. Guerrero grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Figgins out at second. Glaus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Sele pitching for Angels. Baldelli singled to left. Huff singled to left center, Baldelli to second. Blum flied out to center. Hall reached on infield single to pitcher, Baldelli to third, Huff to second. Cruz hit sacrifice fly to center, Baldelli scored. Crawford fouled out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Guillen lined out to center. Davanon walked. Davanon caught stealing second, catcher to second. Molina singled to center. Kennedy singled to left, Molina to second. Eckstein flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Sele pitching for Angels. Lugo flied out to right. Fick flied out to center. Martinez walked. Baldelli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Erstad singled to center. Figgins singled to center, Erstad to second. Guerrero singled to left, Erstad scored, Figgins to second. Gonzalez pitching for Devil Rays. Glaus singled to left center, Figgins scored, Guerrero to third, Glaus to second advancing on throw. Guillen homered to left, Guerrero and Glaus scored. Davanon struck out looking. Molina grounded out to third. Kennedy struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Sele pitching for Angels. Huff grounded out to second. Blum walked. Hall flied out to center. Cruz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Devil Rays. Eckstein reached on bunt single to third. Erstad walked, Eckstein to second. Eckstein to third, Erstad to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez. Figgins grounded into fielder's choice to second, Eckstein out at home, Erstad to third. Guerrero grounded out to second, Erstad scored, Figgins to second. Shields pitching for Angels. Glaus lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Shields pitching for Angels. Crawford flied out to center. Lugo grounded out to second. Fick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Devil Rays. Guillen singled to right. Davanon singled to left, Guillen to second. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Molina grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Davanon out at second, Guillen to third. Figgins in center field. Halter at third base. Kennedy grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Martinez struck out looking. Baldelli flied out to center. Huff fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Erstad fouled out to third. Figgins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Cummings hit for Hall. Shields pitching for Angels. Blum fouled out to third. Cummings struck out swinging. Cruz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 3 - Angels 7.	Guillen blasts Angels to sixth straight win