Blue Jays - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Hudson struck out looking. Johnson walked. Hinske safe at first on error by right fielder Cruz, Johnson to third. Zaun singled to center, Johnson scored, Hinske to second. Menechino fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop. Crawford stole second. Crawford to third on balk by Halladay. Cruz walked. Huff singled to center, Crawford scored, Cruz to second. Martinez singled to right center, Cruz to third, Huff to second. McGriff grounded out to first, Cruz scored, Huff to third, Martinez to second. Lugo grounded out to second, Huff scored, Martinez to third. Blum grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Gomez singled to right, Gomez out stretching at second. Phelps grounded out to third. Rios singled to right. Clark walked, Rios to second. Hudson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Gathright grounded out to second. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Johnson grounded out to third. Hinske singled to left. Zaun struck out swinging. Menechino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Cruz flied out to left. Huff struck out swinging. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Gomez walked. Phelps grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Gomez out at second. Rios grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. McGriff flied out to left. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. Blum homered to right. Hall flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Hudson grounded out to second. Johnson fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Gathright singled to left. Crawford singled to left center, Gathright to third, Crawford to second advancing on throw. Cruz homered to right, Gathright and Crawford scored. Huff singled to left. Martinez walked, Huff to second. McGriff grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Martinez out at second, Huff to third. Lugo struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Hinske grounded out to first. Zaun singled to left. Menechino walked, Zaun to second. Gomez singled to left, Zaun to third, Menechino to second. Phelps struck out looking. Rios reached on infield single to shortstop, Zaun scored, Menechino to third, Gomez to second. File pitching for Blue Jays. Clark grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gomez out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. File pitching for Blue Jays. Blum walked. Hall struck out looking. Gathright singled to left, Blum to second. Crawford singled to right, Blum scored, Gathright to second. Cruz struck out swinging, Gathright stole third, Crawford stole second. Huff intentionally walked. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Martinez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Hudson flied out to left. Johnson struck out swinging. Hinske struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. File pitching for Blue Jays. McGriff struck out swinging. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. Blum singled to right. Hall grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Zaun struck out swinging. Menechino walked. Gomez flied out to right. Peterson pitching for Blue Jays. Phelps grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Menechino out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Peterson pitching for Blue Jays. Gathright singled to left. Crawford singled to right, Gathright to second. Cruz grounded out to first, Gathright to third, Crawford to second. Huff doubled to deep center, Gathright and Crawford scored. Martinez flied out to left. Bell pitching for Devil Rays. McGriff flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Bell pitching for Devil Rays. Rios grounded out to third. Clark grounded out to first. Hudson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 2 - Devil Rays 10.	Zambrano gets 5th straight as D-Rays win