Blue Jays - Top 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Menechino grounded out to first. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. Johnson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford grounded out to second. Gathright bunt grounded out to third. Huff grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Hinske popped out to shortstop. Zaun grounded out to pitcher. Gomez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Martinez grounded out to third. Fick singled to center. Lugo singled to right center, Fick to third. McGriff lined out to second. Fordyce hit by pitch, Lugo to second. Blum struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Rios struck out looking. Phelps doubled to deep right center. Berg hit ground rule double to deep right, Phelps scored. Menechino singled to left, Berg to third. Hudson singled to right, Berg scored, Menechino to second. Johnson flied out to right. Hinske flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. Gathright struck out swinging. Huff grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Zaun singled to shallow center. Gomez singled to right, Zaun to second. Rios walked, Zaun to third, Gomez to second. Phelps doubled to left, Zaun and Gomez scored, Rios to third. Berg grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rios scored, Phelps to third. Menechino singled to center, Phelps scored, Berg to second. Fortunato pitching for Devil Rays. Hudson safe at first on error by third baseman Huff, Berg to third, Menechino to second. Johnson struck out swinging. Hinske grounded out to first, Berg scored, Menechino to third, Hudson to second. Zaun walked. Gomez lined out to left. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Martinez walked. Fick singled to right, Martinez to second. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fick out at second, Martinez to third. Lugo to second on passed ball by Zaun. McGriff popped out to third. Fordyce grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Fortunato pitching for Devil Rays. Rios singled to center. Phelps singled to left, Rios to second. Berg singled to center, Rios scored, Phelps to second. Menechino struck out swinging. Hudson struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Blum safe at first on error by first baseman Gomez. Crawford lined out to second, Blum tagged out at second. Gathright flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Fortunato pitching for Devil Rays. Johnson struck out looking. Hinske reached on infield single to first. Hinske to second on wild pitch by Fortunato. Zaun flied out to right, Hinske to third. Gomez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Huff singled to center. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Huff out at second. Fick grounded into fielder's choice to first, Martinez out at second. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Lugo popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Rios flied out to right. Phelps struck out swinging. Berg flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. McGriff struck out looking. Fordyce grounded out to second. Blum singled to right. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Crawford fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Menechino tripled to deep right center. Hudson tripled to deep right, Menechino scored. Johnson grounded out to shortstop, Hudson scored. Hinske singled to center. Zaun flied out to center. Gomez singled to right, Hinske to second. Adams pitching for Blue Jays. Rios flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Adams pitching for Blue Jays. Gathright grounded out to second. Huff struck out swinging. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Phelps walked. Berg flied out to left. Menechino singled to right, Phelps to third. Hudson walked, Menechino to second. Johnson singled to center, Phelps scored, Menechino to third, Hudson to second. Hinske singled to center, Menechino and Hudson scored, Johnson to third. Zaun reached on infield single to third, Johnson scored, Hinske to second. Gomez struck out swinging. Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays. Rios struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays. Fick struck out swinging. Lugo flied out to right. McGriff fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 14 - Devil Rays 0.	No place like home: Jays touch plate 14 times