Devil Rays - Top 1st. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Crawford struck out swinging. Fick flied out to right. Baldelli grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Hairston Jr singled to center. Newhan singled to left, Hairston Jr to second. Tejada singled to right, Hairston Jr to third, Newhan to second. Palmeiro singled to right, Hairston Jr and Newhan scored, Tejada to second. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tejada scored, Palmeiro safe at third on error by shortstop Lugo. Bigbie grounded into fielder's choice to first, Palmeiro out at home, Lopez to third. Matos lined into double play, second to first, Bigbie doubled off first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Huff lined out to third. Cruz doubled to deep right center. Cruz to third on wild pitch by Borkowski. Martinez popped out to second. Lugo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Raines Jr reached on bunt single to pitcher, Raines Jr to second on throwing error by pitcher Gonzalez. Machado grounded out to second, Raines Jr to third. Hairston Jr singled to left, Raines Jr scored. Newhan singled to right, Hairston Jr to third. Tejada hit sacrifice fly to center, Hairston Jr scored. Palmeiro flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Fordyce grounded out to first. Sanchez grounded out to second. Crawford grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Lopez doubled to deep center. Bigbie struck out swinging. Matos fouled out to first. Raines Jr singled to left, Lopez scored, Raines Jr to second advancing on throw. Machado flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Fick singled to right. Baldelli struck out swinging. Huff flied out to center. Cruz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Hairston Jr doubled to deep left center. Newhan flied out to center, Hairston Jr to third. Tejada doubled to deep center, Hairston Jr scored. Palmeiro popped out to shortstop. Lopez flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Martinez walked. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second. Fordyce flied out to center. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lugo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Bigbie struck out looking. Matos grounded out to pitcher. Raines Jr singled to left. Machado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Crawford flied out to left. Fick singled to left. Baldelli grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Fick out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Hairston Jr doubled to left center. Newhan lined out to right. Tejada reached on infield single to pitcher, Hairston Jr to third. Palmeiro safe at first on error by right fielder Cruz, Hairston Jr scored, Tejada to second. Lopez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Palmeiro out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Huff singled to left. Cruz struck out swinging. Martinez struck out swinging. Huff to second on fielder's indifference. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Lugo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Bigbie flied out to left. Matos lined out to right. Newhan at first base. Lopez at third base. Mottola in left field. Raines Jr popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Fordyce flied out to left. Sanchez grounded out to second. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Machado hit ground rule double to deep right center. Hairston Jr grounded out to second, Machado to third. Newhan grounded out to first. Tejada walked. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tejada out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Borkowski pitching for Orioles. Fick lined out to shortstop. Baldelli homered to left. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Huff homered to right. Cruz struck out looking. Martinez popped out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 2 - Orioles 8.	Orioles sweep doubleheader with Rays