Devil Rays - Top 1st. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Crawford singled to right. Cruz singled to right center, Crawford to second. Baldelli singled to center, Crawford to third, Cruz to second. Huff grounded into fielder's choice to second, Crawford scored, Baldelli out at second, Cruz to third. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center, Cruz scored. Lugo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Williams grounded out to first. Jeter flied out to right. Sheffield singled to left. Rodriguez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Fick fouled out to left. Fordyce flied out to left. Sanchez singled to right. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Giambi grounded out to first. Posada struck out swinging. Matsui grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Cruz grounded out to pitcher. Baldelli grounded out to shortstop. Huff reached on infield single to second. Martinez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Cairo grounded out to shortstop. Lofton struck out swinging. Williams walked. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to second, Williams out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Lugo reached on bunt single to third. Fick singled to right center, Lugo tagged out at third. Fordyce struck out swinging. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fick out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Sheffield walked. Rodriguez homered to left, Sheffield scored. Giambi walked. Posada struck out swinging. Matsui grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Giambi out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Crawford popped out to shortstop. Cruz flied out to center. Baldelli flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Cairo flied out to right. Lofton walked. Williams flied out to center. Lofton stole second. Jeter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Huff grounded out to first. Martinez singled to right. Lugo struck out swinging. Fick singled to center, Martinez to second. Fordyce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Sheffield walked. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sheffield out at second. Giambi grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Sanchez struck out swinging. Crawford lined out to third. Cruz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Posada flied out to center. Matsui singled to right. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Cairo singled to center, Matsui to third. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Lofton walked, Cairo to second. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Matsui out at home, Cairo to third, Lofton to second. Jeter doubled to right, Cairo, Lofton and Williams scored, Jeter to third advancing on throw. Sheffield safe at first on error by third baseman Huff, Jeter scored. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Rodriguez struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Baldelli doubled to left. Huff grounded out to catcher, Baldelli to third. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to left, Baldelli scored. Seay pitching for Devil Rays. Lugo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Seay pitching for Devil Rays. Giambi struck out swinging. Posada lined out to center. Matsui walked. Clark at first base. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Cairo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. McGriff hit for Fordyce. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Fick flied out to center. McGriff popped out to third. Sanchez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 3 - Yankees 6.	Yankees push past D-Rays on Old-timers' Day