Mariners - Top 1st. Bell pitching for Devil Rays. Suzuki struck out swinging. Winn struck out swinging. Boone singled to right. Jacobsen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Crawford reached on infield single to second. Lugo lined out to second. Huff grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Crawford out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Bell pitching for Devil Rays. Lopez flied out to left. Spiezio flied out to left. Wilson reached on infield single to pitcher. Leone grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Martinez walked. Baldelli flied out to center. Cruz lined out to left. Upton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Bell pitching for Devil Rays. Bloomquist singled to center. Suzuki singled to left center, Bloomquist to second. Winn grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Suzuki out at second, Bloomquist to third. Boone lined out to shortstop. Winn stole second. Jacobsen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Sanchez singled to center. Fordyce sacrificed to pitcher, Sanchez to second. Crawford flied out to left. Lugo singled to center, Sanchez scored. Huff singled to right, Lugo to second. Martinez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Bell pitching for Devil Rays. Lopez reached on bunt single to third. Spiezio singled to right, Lopez to second. Wilson sacrificed to third, Lopez to third, Spiezio to second. Leone popped out to shortstop. Bloomquist safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Huff, Lopez scored, Spiezio to third. Suzuki bunt grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Baldelli flied out to center. Cruz flied out to center. Upton singled to left. Sanchez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Bell pitching for Devil Rays. Winn grounded out to pitcher. Boone flied out to right. Jacobsen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Fordyce grounded out to pitcher. Crawford grounded out to second. Lugo doubled to deep left. Huff popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Bell pitching for Devil Rays. Lopez flied out to left. Spiezio fouled out to first. Wilson walked. Leone struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Martinez singled to center. Baldelli sacrificed to third, Martinez to second. Cruz flied out to center. Upton singled to center, Martinez scored, Upton to second advancing on throw. Sanchez singled to left, Upton scored. Fordyce flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Bell pitching for Devil Rays. Bloomquist popped out to second. Suzuki grounded out to second. Winn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Crawford singled to center. Lugo sacrificed to pitcher, Crawford to second. Huff singled to left, Crawford scored. Martinez singled to center, Huff to second. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Baldelli reached on infield single to third, Huff to third, Martinez to second. Cruz singled to right, Huff scored, Martinez to third, Baldelli to second. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Blum at third base. Upton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cruz out at second. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Boone grounded out to shortstop. Jacobsen singled to center. Lopez struck out swinging. Baek pitching for Mariners. Spiezio flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Seung Baek pitching for Mariners. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Fordyce singled to left. Crawford walked, Fordyce to second. Lugo flied out to center. Blum flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Wilson struck out swinging. Martinez hit for Bloomquist. Leone singled to left. Martinez flied out to center. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Suzuki singled to center, Leone to third. Winn lined out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 1 - Devil Rays 5.	Devil Rays' new strategy: Let the rookie win