Devil Rays - Top 1st. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Lugo walked. Upton grounded into double play, to first, Lugo out at first. Huff singled to right. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Byrnes singled to center. Byrnes stole second. Kielty singled to left center, Byrnes scored, Kielty to second on error by left fielder Blum. Chavez singled to center, Kielty scored. Chavez to second on passed ball by Hall. Dye struck out swinging. Hatteberg reached on infield single to pitcher, Chavez scored, Hatteberg to third on throwing error by pitcher Kazmir. Durazo grounded out to second. Miller grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Cantu doubled to deep right. Blum walked. Hall grounded out to pitcher, Cantu to third, Blum to second. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop, Cantu scored, Blum to third. Rolls doubled to left, Blum scored. Lugo singled to center, Rolls scored. Upton struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Crosby grounded out to first. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. Byrnes singled to left center. Kielty flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Huff walked. Cruz flied out to center. Cantu singled to right, Huff to second. Blum walked, Huff to third, Cantu to second. Hall grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blum out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Chavez grounded out to second. Dye struck out swinging. Hatteberg singled to center. Durazo singled to right, Hatteberg to second. Miller flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Sanchez walked. Rolls fouled out to second. Lugo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Crosby singled to left. Crosby to second on wild pitch by Kazmir. Scutaro doubled to deep left center, Crosby scored. Byrnes walked. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Kielty struck out swinging. McMillon hit for Dye. Chavez doubled to deep left, Scutaro and Byrnes scored. McMillon grounded out to first, Chavez to third. Kielty in right field. McMillon in left field. Hatteberg lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Tampa Bay's Upton ejected by Reynolds in the 5th. Huff lined out to shortstop. Cruz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Durazo flied out to right. Miller grounded out to third. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Cantu grounded out to third. Blum walked. Hall doubled to deep right, Blum to third. Sanchez singled to left, Blum scored, Hall to third. Rolls grounded into double play, second to first, Sanchez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Scutaro singled to right. Byrnes flied out to center, Scutaro to second. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Kielty walked. Hammond pitching for Athletics. Chavez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Kielty out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Martinez hit for Upton. Hammond pitching for Athletics. Lugo singled to center. Martinez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lugo out at second. Mecir pitching for Athletics. Huff singled to center. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. McMillon grounded out to shortstop. Hatteberg struck out swinging. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Durazo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Cantu singled to center. Crawford hit for Hall. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Blum walked, Cantu to second. Crawford grounded out to second, Cantu to third, Blum to second. Sanchez grounded out to third. Crawford in center field. Fordyce catching. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Rolls fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Miller grounded out to third. Crosby struck out swinging. Dotel pitching for Athletics. Scutaro fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Dotel pitching for Athletics. Lugo struck out swinging. Martinez flied out to center. Huff homered to right. Cruz homered to right. Cantu struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Byrnes walked. Kielty sacrificed to pitcher, Byrnes to second. Chavez intentionally walked. McMillon homered to right center, Byrnes and Chavez scored. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 6 - Athletics 9.	Dotel blows Mulder's 18th, A's still win in 9th