Orioles - Top 1st. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Roberts singled to center. Newhan flied out to center. Mora flied out to left. Tejada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Lugo singled to center. Upton singled to center, Lugo to second. Baldelli struck out swinging. Huff grounded out to first, Lugo to third, Upton to second. Cruz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Palmeiro struck out swinging. Surhoff flied out to left. Gibbons walked. Gil walked, Gibbons to second. Bigbie reached on infield single to third, Gibbons to third, Gil to second. Roberts flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Cantu flied out to center. Diaz flied out to center. Hall flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Newhan struck out swinging. Mora struck out swinging. Tejada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Blum grounded out to third. Lugo struck out swinging. Upton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Palmeiro doubled to deep right center. Surhoff doubled to deep left center, Palmeiro scored, Surhoff to third on error by center fielder Baldelli. Gibbons grounded out to shortstop, Surhoff scored. Gil grounded out to third. Bigbie flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Baldelli grounded out to second. Huff walked. Cruz singled to center, Huff to second. Cantu struck out swinging. Diaz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Roberts grounded out to first. Newhan doubled to deep left center. Mora hit by pitch. Newhan stole third. Tejada hit sacrifice fly to center, Newhan scored, Mora to second. Palmeiro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Hall singled to left. Blum flied out to left. Hall to second on balk by Bedard. Lugo grounded out to shortstop, Hall to third. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Surhoff fouled out to third. Gibbons struck out swinging. Gil flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Baldelli doubled to left. Huff lined out to right, Baldelli to third. Cruz grounded out to shortstop, Baldelli scored. Cantu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Bigbie singled to center. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bigbie out at second. Newhan doubled to deep right, Roberts to third. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Mora hit by pitch. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to second, Roberts scored, Mora out at second, Newhan to third. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Palmeiro singled to left, Newhan scored, Tejada to second. Surhoff singled to right, Tejada scored, Palmeiro to second. Gibbons walked, Palmeiro to third, Surhoff to second. Gil doubled to deep left, Palmeiro and Surhoff scored, Gibbons to third. Raines Jr in center field. Bigbie in left field. Bigbie grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Diaz flied out to right. Hall doubled to deep left center. Blum flied out to right. Lugo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Roberts doubled to deep right center. Raines Jr singled to left, Roberts to third. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to center, Roberts scored, Raines Jr safe at third on error by second baseman Cantu, Mora safe at second on error by second baseman Cantu. Tejada singled to center, Raines Jr scored, Mora to third. Lopez ran for Tejada. Leon hit for Surhoff. Palmeiro grounded out to second, Mora scored, Tejada to second. Leon struck out looking. Halama pitching for Devil Rays. Gibbons doubled to right, Lopez scored. Lopez at shortstop. Grimsley pitching for Orioles. Gil flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Grimsley pitching for Orioles. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Baldelli safe at first on error by shortstop Lopez. Baldelli to second on fielder's indifference. Baldelli to third on wild pitch by Grimsley. Huff walked. Cruz grounded out to first, Huff to second. Cantu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Halama pitching for Devil Rays. Bigbie walked. Roberts walked, Bigbie to second. Raines Jr grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Roberts out at second, Bigbie to third. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bigbie scored, Raines Jr out at second. Williams pitching for Orioles. Lopez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. Hall grounded out to second. Blum lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 13 - Devil Rays 2.	Streaky Orioles find 13 lucky vs. Devil Rays