Devil Rays - Top 1st. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Crawford lined out to first. Cruz singled to right. Huff singled to center, Cruz to second. Martinez flied out to left. Baldelli grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Ritchie pitching for Devil Rays. Jeter homered to left. Rodriguez walked. Sheffield grounded out to catcher, Rodriguez to second. Matsui grounded out to second, Rodriguez to third. Williams singled to right center, Rodriguez scored. Giambi walked, Williams to second. Olerud flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Cummings singled to center. Upton flied out to right. Cantu grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Cummings out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Ritchie pitching for Devil Rays. Flaherty homered to left. Cairo singled to left. Jeter singled to left, Cairo to second. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jeter out at second, Cairo to third. Nunez pitching for Devil Rays. Sheffield tripled to deep center, Cairo scored. Matsui safe at first on error by second baseman Cantu, Sheffield scored. Matsui to second on wild pitch by Nunez. Williams walked. Giambi grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Fordyce flied out to center. Crawford singled to right. Cruz flied into double play, left to first, Crawford doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Nunez pitching for Devil Rays. Olerud flied out to center. Flaherty struck out swinging. Cairo singled to center. Jeter grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Huff singled to right. Martinez grounded out to shortstop, Huff to second. Baldelli grounded out to third. Cummings doubled to deep right, Huff scored. Upton flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Nunez pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Sheffield walked. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sheffield out at second. Williams safe at first on error by third baseman Huff, Matsui to second. Giambi singled to deep right, Matsui scored, Williams to third. Olerud singled to left, Williams scored, Giambi to second. Flaherty struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Cantu flied out to left. Fordyce struck out swinging. Webb pitching for Devil Rays. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for Devil Rays. Cairo grounded out to third. Jeter walked. Rodriguez flied out to right. Jeter to second on wild pitch by Webb. Sheffield flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Cruz flied out to right. Huff singled to right. Martinez hit ground rule double to deep right center, Huff to third. Baldelli flied out to center, Huff thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Devil Rays. Matsui flied out to left. Williams grounded out to first. Giambi walked. Olerud grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Cummings struck out swinging, Cummings safe at first on wild pitch by Lieber. Upton struck out swinging. Cantu grounded out to third, Cummings to second. Fordyce hit ground rule double to deep left, Cummings scored. Crawford grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Webb pitching for Devil Rays. Flaherty fouled out to first. Cairo struck out swinging. Jeter singled to left. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Cruz singled to right. Huff doubled to deep right, Cruz scored. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Martinez fouled out to catcher. Baldelli grounded into fielder's choice to third, Huff out at third. Cummings grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Webb pitching for Devil Rays. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Matsui singled to left. Williams flied out to left. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Giambi grounded into fielder's choice to third, Matsui out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Lugo hit for Fordyce. Cantu struck out swinging. Lugo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 3 - Yankees 7.	Yanks clinch another playoff berth