Cardinals - Top 1st . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy tripled to deep right . Pujols struck out swinging . Ankiel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Podsednik lined out to center . Quintanilla lined out to right . Holliday doubled to left . Helton singled to left , Holliday scored , Helton out stretching at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Glaus walked . Duncan grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Glaus out at second . Molina singled to right . Pineiro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Atkins flied out to center . Hawpe homered to right center . Iannetta doubled to deep center . Herrera grounded out to second , Iannetta to third . Jimenez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Miles singled to deep right , Miles to second on error by right fielder Hawpe . Schumaker grounded out to first , Miles to third . Kennedy grounded out to first , Miles scored . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Podsednik grounded out to first . Quintanilla singled to center . Holliday lined out to left . Helton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Ankiel singled to center . Glaus lined out to left . Duncan struck out swinging . Molina singled to center , Ankiel to second . Pineiro doubled to deep left , Ankiel and Molina scored . Miles lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Atkins doubled to deep left . Hawpe singled to left , Atkins scored , Hawpe to second on error by left fielder Duncan . Iannetta singled to left , Hawpe scored , Iannetta to second on error by left fielder Duncan . Villone pitching for Cardinals . Herrera struck out swinging . Jimenez grounded out to second , Iannetta to third . Podsednik flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Schumaker walked . Kennedy singled to deep right , Schumaker to third , Kennedy out stretching at second . Pujols grounded out to second , Schumaker scored . Ankiel walked . Glaus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ankiel out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Villone pitching for Cardinals . Quintanilla flied out to left . Holliday walked . Helton flied out to center . Atkins singled to left , Holliday to second . Hawpe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Herges pitching for Rockies . Duncan struck out looking . Molina flied out to left . Wainwright hit for Villone . Wainwright struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Parisi pitching for Cardinals . Iannetta grounded out to third . Herrera grounded out to third . Herges struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Herges pitching for Rockies . Miles flied out to left . Schumaker doubled to right . Kennedy flied out to left . Pujols intentionally walked . Ankiel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Parisi pitching for Cardinals . Podsednik grounded out to shortstop . Quintanilla flied out to center . Holliday walked . Helton singled to center , Holliday to second . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Glaus walked . Ryan ran for Glaus . Duncan fouled out to left . Molina singled to left , Ryan to third . Ludwick hit for Parisi . Ludwick doubled to center , Ryan scored , Molina to third . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Molina out at home , Ludwick to third . Schumaker grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Schumaker in left field . Ryan at third base . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Ludwick in right field . Izturis at shortstop . Hawpe grounded out to second . Iannetta singled to right . Taveras ran for Iannetta . Herrera singled to right , Taveras to second . Spilborghs hit for Buchholz . Taveras stole third , Herrera stole second . Spilborghs reached on infield single to pitcher , Taveras scored , Herrera to third . Torrealba hit for Podsednik . Torrealba struck out swinging . Spilborghs stole second . Quintanilla struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Torrealba catching . Taveras in center field . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Kennedy grounded out to second . Pujols doubled to deep right . Ankiel grounded out to second , Pujols scored . Ryan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Helton walked . Barmes ran for Helton . Atkins grounded into double play , third to second to first , Barmes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Rockies 5 .	Pujols , Ankiel lift streaking Cards past Rockies