Cardinals - Top 1st . Redman pitching for Rockies . Barton flied out to right . Kennedy grounded out to third . Pujols doubled to deep right center . Ludwick singled to left , Pujols scored . Glaus grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Taveras singled to right . Quintanilla singled to right , Taveras to second . Holliday popped out to second . Helton flied out to center , Taveras thrown out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Redman pitching for Rockies . Ankiel reached on infield single to shortstop . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ankiel out at second . Looper doubled to deep center . Izturis singled to left , Looper scored . Barton doubled to deep center , Izturis scored . Kennedy singled to left , Barton scored . Pujols struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Atkins lined out to center . Hawpe grounded out to second . Iannetta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Redman pitching for Rockies . Ludwick walked . Glaus singled to center , Ludwick to second . Ankiel struck out swinging . Molina flied out to right , Ludwick to third . Looper singled to right , Ludwick scored , Glaus to second . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Izturis flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Barmes doubled to deep right center . Grilli sacrificed to third , Barmes to third . Taveras grounded out to shortstop , Barmes scored . Quintanilla grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Barton struck out swinging , Barton safe at first on wild pitch by Grilli . Kennedy struck out swinging . Pujols grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Barton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Holliday flied out to right . Helton grounded out to first . Atkins singled to left . Hawpe grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Ludwick doubled to left . Glaus struck out swinging . Ankiel grounded out to second , Ludwick to third . Molina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Iannetta homered to left . Barmes singled to center . Grilli bunted into double play , catcher to shortstop to first , Barmes out at second . Taveras flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Grilli pitching for Rockies . Looper walked . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Looper out at second . Barton struck out swinging . Izturis caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Quintanilla grounded out to second . Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop . Helton flied out to left . Atkins lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Baker at third base . Kennedy grounded out to first . Pujols struck out swinging . Ludwick singled to center . Glaus grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Hawpe flied out to center . Iannetta popped out to third . Barmes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Ankiel homered to right . Molina singled to right . Looper grounded into double play , pitcher to second to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . Izturis singled to left . Barton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Schumaker in right field . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Baker grounded out to shortstop . Taveras flied out to left . Quintanilla doubled to deep center , Quintanilla out stretching at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Speier pitching for Rockies . Kennedy grounded out to second . Pujols popped out to second . Ludwick doubled to deep left . Glaus walked . Ankiel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Holliday flied out to left . Helton singled to center . Spilborghs hit for Speier . Spilborghs singled to center , Helton to second . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Miles at second base . Hawpe struck out swinging . Iannetta doubled to deep right center , Helton and Spilborghs scored . Barmes doubled to deep left , Iannetta scored . Baker flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Rockies 5 .	Looper pitches into 9th as Cards hold off Rockies