Cardinals - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Nationals . Barton hit by pitch . Mather flied out to center . Pujols reaches on missed catch error by second baseman Lopez , assist to pitcher Perez . Barton to 2nd . Ludwick singled to left , Barton scored , Pujols to second , Pujols to third , Ludwick to second on error by left fielder Langerhans . Glaus grounded out to third . Molina homered to left center , Pujols and Ludwick scored . Miles reached on infield single to second . Lohse grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Lopez flied out to left . Guzman doubled to deep left center . Milledge flied out to right . Guzman to third on wild pitch by Lohse . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Nationals . Izturis singled to center . Barton flied into double play , right to first , Izturis doubled off first . Mather walked . Pujols flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Boone grounded out to shortstop . Flores grounded out to third . Casto flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Nationals . Ludwick flied out to right . Glaus walked . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Glaus out at second . Miles reached on bunt single to third , Molina to second . Lohse grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Langerhans singled to right . Mackowiak hit for Perez . Mackowiak hit for Perez . Mackowiak grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Langerhans out at second . Mackowiak hit for Perez . Mackowiak hit for Perez . Mackowiak grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Langerhans out at second . Mackowiak hit for Perez . Mackowiak hit for Perez . Mackowiak grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Langerhans out at second . Lopez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Izturis doubled to deep right center . Barton sacrificed to pitcher , Izturis to third . Mather struck out swinging . Pujols hit by pitch . Ankiel ran for Pujols . Izturis stole home , Ankiel stole second . Ludwick flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Mather at first base . Ankiel in center field . Ludwick in right field . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Guzman lined out to center . Milledge flied out to right . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Glaus reached on infield single to third . Molina singled to center , Glaus to second . Sanches pitching for Nationals . Sanches pitching for Nationals . Sanches pitching for Nationals . Sanches pitching for Nationals . Miles grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Molina out at second , Glaus to third . Sanches pitching for Nationals . Sanches pitching for Nationals . Sanches pitching for Nationals . Sanches pitching for Nationals . Miles grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Molina out at second , Glaus to third . Lohse singled to right center , Glaus scored . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Boone lined out to shortstop . Flores doubled to deep right center . Casto singled to right , Flores to third . Langerhans grounded out to second , Flores scored , Casto to second . Pena hit for Sanches . Pena grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Manning pitching for Nationals . Barton grounded out to shortstop . Mather walked . Ankiel struck out swinging . Ludwick doubled to left , Mather to third . Glaus flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Lopez flied out to center . Guzman struck out swinging . Milledge grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Molina flied out to left . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy hit for McClellan . Kennedy lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Young singled to center . Boone flied out to left . Flores struck out swinging . Casto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Izturis singled to left center . Barton grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Izturis out at second . Mather walked . Ankiel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Villone pitching for Cardinals . Langerhans struck out swinging . Dukes hit for Rivera . Dukes walked . Lopez flied out to right . Guzman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Ludwick struck out swinging . Glaus struck out swinging . Molina popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Worrell pitching for Cardinals . Milledge singled to right center . Young grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Milledge out at second . Boone walked . Flores flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Nationals 1 .	Cards outlast bumbling Nats