Padres - Top 1st . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Hairston homered to left . Gonzalez singled to center . Giles walked , Gonzalez to second . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Headley lined out to left . Myrow flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Schumaker singled to right . Schumaker caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Miles singled to center . Ludwick flied out to center . Ankiel doubled to deep right , Miles scored . Glaus flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Hundley flied out to center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Baek grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Duncan popped out to shortstop . LaRue flied out to right . Garcia walked . Kennedy lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Hairston struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Giles lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Schumaker grounded out to second . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Ludwick flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop . Headley singled to left . Myrow grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Headley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Ankiel grounded out to pitcher . Glaus popped out to first . Duncan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Hundley struck out swinging , Hundley safe at first on wild pitch by Garcia . Hundley to second on wild pitch by Garcia . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Baek homered to center , Hundley scored . Hairston reached on infield single to pitcher . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hairston out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . LaRue grounded out to shortstop . Garcia struck out swinging . Kennedy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Jimenez pitching for Cardinals . Giles grounded out to second . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . Headley walked . Myrow lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Schumaker flied out to left . Miles singled to center . Ludwick struck out swinging . Ankiel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Jimenez pitching for Cardinals . Hundley flied out to right . Rodriguez singled to center . Baek sacrificed to pitcher , Rodriguez to second . Hairston walked . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Glaus singled to center . Duncan flied out to center , Glaus to second on throwing error by center fielder Hairston . LaRue singled to left , Glaus to third . Pujols hit for Jimenez . Adams pitching for Padres . Pujols hit sacrifice fly to left , Glaus scored . Kennedy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 8th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Pujols at first base . Giles grounded out to second . Kouzmanoff safe at first on error by third baseman Glaus . Headley singled to left center , Kouzmanoff to second . Myrow grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Headley out at second , Kouzmanoff to third . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez hit for Hundley . Gonzalez intentionally walked , Myrow to second . Rodriguez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Carlin catching . Gonzalez at first base . Bell pitching for Padres . Schumaker singled to right . Miles bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Schumaker out at second . Ludwick singled to center , Miles to second . Ankiel struck out swinging . Glaus homered to center , Miles and Ludwick scored . Izturis hit for McClellan . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Miles at second base . Izturis at shortstop . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Gerut hit for Bell . Gerut grounded out to first . Hairston singled to right . Gonzalez doubled to deep right center , Hairston scored . Giles singled to center , Gonzalez to third . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Kouzmanoff doubled to deep center , Gonzalez scored , Giles to third . Headley intentionally walked . Carlin grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Giles out at home , Kouzmanoff to third , Headley to second . Gonzalez lined out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Corey pitching for Padres . LaRue grounded out to third . Pujols walked . Molina hit for Thompson . Molina intentionally walked . Schumaker intentionally walked , Molina to second . Miles homered to right , Pujols , Molina and Schumaker scored . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Padres 5 - Cardinals 9 .	Miles , Cards slam Pads , win all 4 games