Cardinals - Top 1st . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Miles singled to center . Schumaker flied out to center . Pujols singled to right , Miles to third . Ludwick popped out to second . Ankiel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez safe at first on error by third baseman Glaus . Gonzalez flied out to right . Cantu grounded out to first , Ramirez to second . Jacobs singled to left , Ramirez scored , Jacobs to second advancing on throw . Uggla flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Glaus singled to right . LaRue popped out to first . Looper struck out looking . Kennedy singled to right , Glaus to second . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kennedy out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Willingham struck out looking . Baker walked . Amezaga grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Baker out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Schumaker singled to right . Pujols grounded out to third , Schumaker to second . Ludwick popped out to second . Ankiel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Nolasco struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to center . Gonzalez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Glaus singled to center . LaRue grounded out to third , Glaus to second . Looper singled to right , Glaus to third . Kennedy hit sacrifice fly to left , Glaus scored . Miles struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Cantu flied out to left . Jacobs struck out looking . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Schumaker grounded out to second . Pujols flied out to left . Ludwick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Willingham struck out looking . Baker singled to right . Amezaga reached on infield single to shortstop , Baker to second . Nolasco singled to right , Baker to third , Amezaga to second . Ramirez singled to right , Baker scored , Amezaga to third , Nolasco to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Ankiel singled to right . Glaus singled to center , Ankiel to second . LaRue sacrificed to pitcher , Ankiel to third , Glaus to second . Looper reached on infield single to first . Kennedy hit sacrifice fly to left , Ankiel scored , Glaus to third , Looper to second . Miles grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Izturis at shortstop . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Cantu flied out to right . Jacobs struck out swinging . Uggla grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Schumaker singled to left . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Schumaker singled to left . Pujols singled to left , Schumaker to second . Ludwick flied out to center , Schumaker to third , Pujols to second . Ankiel fouled out to shortstop . Miller pitching for Marlins . Glaus intentionally walked . LaRue doubled to deep right center , Schumaker and Pujols scored , Glaus thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Willingham grounded out to third . Baker flied out to center . Amezaga popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Mather hit for Looper . Miller pitching for Marlins . Mather grounded out to third . Mather hit for Looper . Mather grounded out to third . Kennedy singled to center . Izturis singled to right , Kennedy to third . Schumaker singled to left center , Kennedy scored , Izturis tagged out at third . Schumaker to second on balk by Miller . Pujols struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Mather in left field . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Helms hit for Miller . Helms singled to right . Mather in left field . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Helms hit for Miller . Helms singled to right . Ramirez hit by pitch , Helms to second . Gonzalez flied out to left . Cantu singled to left center , Helms scored , Ramirez to second . Jacobs doubled to right , Ramirez scored , Cantu to third . Ross ran for Jacobs . Perez pitching for Cardinals . Lopez at second base . Uggla walked . Willingham grounded into double play , third to first , Ross out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Helms at third base . Cantu at first base . Nelson pitching for Marlins . Ludwick struck out looking . Lopez tripled to deep right . Glaus doubled to left , Lopez scored . LaRue struck out swinging . Mather intentionally walked . Perez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Perez pitching for Cardinals . Baker struck out swinging , Baker safe at first on wild pitch by Perez . Amezaga flied out to left . Helms struck out swinging . Ramirez walked , Baker to second . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Marlins 4 .	LaRue 's double propels Cardinals past Marlins