Cardinals - Top 1st . Harang pitching for Reds . Schumaker grounded out to second . Ludwick struck out swinging . Pujols flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Dickerson struck out swinging . Hairston singled to center . Bruce singled to center , Hairston to third . Phillips hit sacrifice fly to center , Hairston scored . Valentin grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Harang pitching for Reds . Ankiel walked . Glaus singled to left , Ankiel to second . Ankiel to third , Glaus to second on passed ball by Hanigan . Lopez walked . Molina singled to left , Ankiel scored , Glaus to third , Lopez to second . Pineiro struck out swinging . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Glaus scored , Molina out at second , Lopez to third . Schumaker homered to center , Lopez and Miles scored . Ludwick flied out to left . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Keppinger singled to center . Patterson reached on bunt single to pitcher , Keppinger to second . Hanigan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Patterson out at second , Keppinger to third . Harang bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Hanigan to second , Harang safe at first on throwing error by catcher Molina . Dickerson struck out swinging . Hairston flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Harang pitching for Reds . Pujols homered to left . Ankiel struck out looking . Glaus flied out to center . Lopez walked . Molina doubled to deep right , Lopez to third . Pineiro struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Bruce grounded out to third . Phillips struck out swinging . Valentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Harang pitching for Reds . Miles reached on infield single to second . Schumaker grounded out to second , Miles to second . Ludwick homered to left , Miles scored . Majewski pitching for Reds . Pujols homered to center . Ankiel grounded out to shortstop . Glaus walked . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Glaus out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Keppinger grounded out to third . Patterson struck out swinging . Hanigan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Majewski pitching for Reds . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Pineiro struck out swinging . Miles reached on infield single to second . Schumaker singled to center , Miles to second . Ludwick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schumaker out at second , Miles to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Phillips hit for Majewski . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Phillips homered to left . Phillips hit for Majewski . Phillips homered to left . Dickerson struck out looking . Hairston flied out to center . Bruce grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Fogg pitching for Reds . Pujols singled to left center . Ankiel grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Pujols out at second . Glaus grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ankiel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Phillips homered to left . Valentin singled to center . Keppinger grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Valentin out at second . Patterson flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Fogg pitching for Reds . Lopez struck out swinging . Molina flied out to right . Kennedy hit for Pineiro . Kennedy walked . Miles flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Izturis at shortstop . Lopez at second base . Hanigan batting . Votto hit for Fogg . Hanigan to second on wild pitch by Isringhausen . Votto flied out to left . Dickerson walked . Hairston struck out swinging . Bruce lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Affeldt pitching for Reds . Schumaker grounded out to pitcher . Ludwick reached on infield single to shortstop . Ludwick to second on wild pitch by Affeldt . Pujols hit by pitch . Mather hit for Ankiel . Mather singled to left , Ludwick to third , Pujols to second . Mather hit for Ankiel . Mather singled to left , Ludwick to third , Pujols to second . Glaus grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mather out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Mather in left field . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Phillips struck out looking . Valentin singled to center . Keppinger flied out to right . Patterson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Reds . Cabrera at second base . Lopez struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to second . Izturis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Villone pitching for Cardinals . Hanigan grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera doubled to deep right center . Dickerson flied out to center . Hairston lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 9 - Reds 3 .	Pujols hits 2 of Cards ' 4 homers in win over Reds