Pirates - Top 1st . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Morgan walked . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Morgan out at second . Doumit singled to right , Sanchez to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . Michaels grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Pirates . Schumaker singled to left . Ludwick flied out to center . Pujols lined out to left . Ankiel fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Moss struck out looking . LaRoche flied out to right . Wilson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Pirates . Glaus walked . Lopez singled to right , Glaus to second . Glaus to third , Lopez to second on wild pitch by Davis . LaRue hit sacrifice fly to right , Glaus scored , Lopez to third . Wellemeyer singled to right , Lopez scored . Kennedy grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Wellemeyer out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Davis struck out looking . Morgan doubled to right . Sanchez flied out to right , Morgan to third . Doumit homered to right , Morgan scored . LaRoche walked . LaRoche to second on wild pitch by Wellemeyer . Michaels popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Pirates . Schumaker singled to left . Ludwick doubled to left , Schumaker to third . Pujols grounded out to shortstop , Schumaker scored . Ankiel homered to right center , Ludwick scored . Glaus struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Moss doubled to deep right center . LaRoche grounded out to pitcher . Wilson grounded out to third . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Pirates . LaRue doubled to left . Wellemeyer sacrificed to pitcher , LaRue to third . Kennedy safe at first on error by first baseman LaRoche . Schumaker singled to right , LaRue scored , Kennedy to third . Ludwick hit sacrifice fly to right , Kennedy scored . Pujols singled to left , Schumaker to second . Schumaker to third , Pujols to second on wild pitch by Davis . Ankiel walked . Glaus walked , Schumaker scored , Pujols to third , Ankiel to second . Sanchez pitching for Pirates . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 5th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Morgan lined out to shortstop . Sanchez flied out to left . Doumit doubled to deep left . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Pirates . LaRue grounded out to third . Barton hit for Wellemeyer . Barton hit by pitch . Kennedy grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Barton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Michaels singled to center . Moss struck out swinging . LaRoche lined out to center . Wilson popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Sanchez pitching for Pirates . Schumaker popped out to shortstop . Ludwick singled to deep right . Pujols grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ludwick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Rivas hit for Sanchez . Rivas grounded out to shortstop . Morgan walked . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher , Morgan to second . Doumit grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Hansen pitching for Pirates . Ankiel popped out to third . Glaus singled to center . Lopez struck out looking . LaRue homered to left , Glaus scored . Garcia walked . Kennedy grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Izturis at shortstop . Lopez at third base . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . LaRoche popped out to shortstop . Michaels singled to right center . Moss singled to right , Michaels to second . LaRoche walked , Michaels to third , Moss to second . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Wilson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , LaRoche out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Hansen pitching for Pirates . Schumaker walked . Ludwick grounded out to third , Schumaker to second . Schumaker to third on wild pitch by Hansen . Pujols doubled to deep left , Schumaker scored . Mather ran for Pujols . Ankiel grounded out to shortstop , Mather to third . Izturis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Mather at first base . Perez pitching for Cardinals . Pearce hit for Hansen . Pearce flied out to right . Morgan popped out to shortstop . Sanchez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 2 - Cardinals 11 .	Ankiel , LaRue homers power Cards past Pirates