Braves - Top 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Blanco doubled to deep right . Escobar singled to left , Blanco to third . Jones popped out to shortstop . McCann grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Campillo pitching for Braves . Schumaker grounded out to pitcher . Ludwick lined out to third . Pujols doubled to left . Ankiel popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Kotsay flied out to left . Prado singled to right center . Johnson popped out to third . Prado to second on wild pitch by Lohse . Francoeur struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Campillo pitching for Braves . Glaus singled to center . Lopez walked , Glaus to second . Molina lined out to center . Lohse sacrificed to pitcher , Glaus to third , Lopez to second . Izturis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Campillo singled to center . Blanco sacrificed to pitcher , Campillo to second . Escobar lined out to right , Campillo to third . Jones doubled to left , Campillo scored . McCann grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Campillo pitching for Braves . Schumaker walked . Ludwick singled to left , Schumaker to second . Pujols doubled to left , Schumaker and Ludwick scored . Ankiel popped out to third . Glaus grounded out to third , Pujols to third . Lopez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Kotsay grounded out to first . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Johnson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Campillo pitching for Braves . Molina singled to left . Lohse sacrificed to first , Molina to second . Izturis lined out to pitcher . Schumaker singled to center , Molina to third . Ludwick flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Campillo struck out looking . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Campillo pitching for Braves . Pujols homered to center . Ankiel grounded out to pitcher . Glaus flied out to right . Lopez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Escobar singled to center . Jones singled to center , Escobar to third . McCann walked , Jones to second . Kotsay grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Escobar out at home , Jones to third , McCann to second . Prado singled to center , Jones and McCann scored , Kotsay to second . Johnson grounded out to first , Kotsay to third , Prado to second . Francoeur walked . Infante hit for Campillo . Infante grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Molina singled to center . Kennedy hit for Lohse . Kennedy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at second . Izturis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kennedy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Villone pitching for Cardinals . Blanco bunt grounded out to third . Escobar singled to right . Jones flied out to left . McCann lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Schumaker grounded out to first . Ludwick grounded out to shortstop . Pujols flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Kotsay doubled to deep left center . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kotsay out at third . Johnson walked , Prado to second . Francoeur struck out swinging . Norton hit for Carlyle . Prado to third , Johnson to second on wild pitch by McClellan . Norton singled to center , Prado and Johnson scored . Blanco grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Ohman pitching for Braves . Mather hit for Ankiel . Mather doubled to deep left . Glaus popped out to first . Lopez doubled to deep right center , Mather scored . Bennett pitching for Braves . Molina grounded out to second , Lopez to third . Miles hit for McClellan . Gonzalez pitching for Braves . Miles popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Mather in left field . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Escobar grounded out to third . Jones grounded out to first . McCann singled to center . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Kotsay walked , McCann to second . Prado reached on infield single to second , McCann to third , Kotsay to second . Johnson walked , McCann scored , Kotsay to third , Prado to second . Francoeur singled to center , Kotsay and Prado scored , Johnson to second . Gonzalez fouled out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Gonzalez pitching for Braves . Izturis grounded out to second . Barton hit for Schumaker . Barton singled to center . Ludwick grounded out to shortstop , Barton to second . Pujols lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 8 - Cardinals 4 .	Norton 's pinch - hit single sparks Braves