Tigers - Top 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Inge grounded out to third. Polanco grounded out to third. Sheffield walked. Ordonez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Lugo reached on bunt single to catcher. Pedroia struck out swinging. Ortiz grounded into double play, second to third to first, Lugo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guillen walked. Renteria struck out swinging. Guillen stole second. Guillen safe at third on throwing error by catcher Cash. Rodriguez hit by pitch. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Ramirez grounded out to second. Youkilis flied out to right. Drew reached on infield single to pitcher. Crisp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Inge grounded out to third. Polanco walked. Sheffield hit by pitch, Polanco to second. Ordonez walked, Polanco to third, Sheffield to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guillen popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Casey hit ground rule double to deep right. Cash struck out looking. Lugo struck out looking. Pedroia popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Renteria struck out swinging. Rodriguez walked. Thames singled to left, Rodriguez to second. Rodriguez to third, Thames to second on passed ball by Cash. Inge hit sacrifice fly to center, Rodriguez scored. Polanco singled to deep left, Thames scored. Sheffield grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Polanco out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ramirez walked. Youkilis walked, Ramirez to second. Drew singled to right, Ramirez scored, Youkilis to second. Crisp hit ground rule double to deep right, Youkilis scored, Drew to third. Casey grounded out to first, Drew scored, Crisp to third. Cash singled to left, Crisp scored. Cash to second on wild pitch by Robertson. Lugo flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Ordonez grounded out to third. Cabrera doubled to deep center. Guillen struck out looking. Renteria flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Pedroia reached on infield single to third, Pedroia out stretching at second. Ortiz struck out looking. Ramirez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Rodriguez singled to center. Thames fouled out to catcher. Inge struck out swinging. Polanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Youkilis flied out to right. Drew singled to right. Miner pitching for Tigers. Crisp walked, Drew to second. Casey struck out looking. Cash grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Ordonez homered to left. Cabrera grounded out to third. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Guillen flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Lugo struck out swinging. Pedroia walked. Pedroia stole second. Ortiz walked. Ramirez doubled to deep center, Pedroia and Ortiz scored. Beltran pitching for Tigers. Ellsbury ran for Ramirez. Youkilis grounded out to third. Drew intentionally walked. Crisp walked, Ellsbury to third, Drew to second. Casey singled to right center, Ellsbury and Drew scored, Crisp to third. Cash struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Ellsbury in left field. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Renteria walked. Rodriguez singled to deep left center, Renteria to third. Rodriguez stole second. Thames walked. Inge singled to left, Renteria scored, Rodriguez to third, Thames to second. Polanco singled to left, Rodriguez scored, Thames to third, Inge to second. Sheffield grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Thames scored, Polanco out at second, Inge to third. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Ordonez flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Bazardo pitching for Tigers. Lugo grounded out to third. Pedroia singled to right. Ortiz walked, Pedroia to second. Ellsbury walked, Pedroia to third, Ortiz to second. Youkilis hit ground rule double to deep right, Pedroia and Ortiz scored, Ellsbury to third. Drew hit sacrifice fly to center, Ellsbury scored. Crisp singled to center, Youkilis scored. Casey struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guillen doubled to deep left. Renteria struck out looking. Rodriguez singled to right, Guillen to third. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 6 - Red Sox 12.	Red Sox rough up 1-7 Tigers