Red Sox - Top 1st. Byrd pitching for Indians. Crisp struck out swinging. Pedroia singled to left. Ortiz grounded into double play, second to third to first, Pedroia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Sizemore flied out to center. Dellucci struck out swinging. Hafner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Byrd pitching for Indians. Ramirez struck out swinging. Youkilis struck out swinging. Ellsbury flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Martinez lined out to second. Peralta reached on infield single to third. Garko grounded out to third, Peralta to second. Peralta to third on wild pitch by Wakefield. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Byrd pitching for Indians. Lugo singled to shallow center. Lowrie struck out swinging. Cash grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lugo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Gutierrez walked. Gutierrez stole second. Gutierrez picked off second. Blake walked. Sizemore flied out to right. Dellucci singled to right, Blake to third. Hafner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Byrd pitching for Indians. Crisp grounded out to second. Pedroia struck out swinging. Ortiz singled to shallow right. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ortiz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Martinez singled to left. Peralta flied out to right. Garko singled to shallow right, Martinez to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Gutierrez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Garko out at second, Martinez to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Byrd pitching for Indians. Youkilis flied out to center. Ellsbury singled to right, Ellsbury to second on throwing error by right fielder Gutierrez. Lugo singled to right, Ellsbury to third. Lowrie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellsbury scored, Lugo out at second. Cash struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Blake singled to right. Sizemore walked, Blake to second. Dellucci flied out to center, Blake to third. Sizemore stole second. Hafner walked. Martinez singled to center, Blake and Sizemore scored, Hafner to second. Peralta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martinez out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Byrd pitching for Indians. Crisp flied out to left. Pedroia singled to right. Ortiz flied out to left. Ramirez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Garko grounded out to third. Cabrera safe at first on error by shortstop Lugo. Cabrera caught stealing second, catcher to second. Gutierrez singled to left. Gutierrez stole second. Blake flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 7th. Julio pitching for Indians. Youkilis walked. Ellsbury walked, Youkilis to second. Perez pitching for Indians. Lugo reached on infield single to catcher, Youkilis to third, Ellsbury to second. Lowrie reached on infield single to shortstop, Youkilis and Ellsbury scored, Lugo to second. Cash grounded out to pitcher, Lugo to third, Lowrie to second. Crisp struck out swinging. Pedroia struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Sizemore grounded out to first. Michaels hit for Dellucci. Michaels struck out looking. Michaels hit for Dellucci. Michaels struck out looking. Hafner hit by pitch. Martinez singled to left, Hafner to second. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Peralta walked, Hafner to third, Martinez to second. Garko hit by pitch, Hafner scored, Martinez to third, Peralta to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Garko out at second, Peralta to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Michaels in left field. Perez pitching for Indians. Ortiz flied out to center. Lewis pitching for Indians. Ramirez hit by pitch. Youkilis doubled to right, Ramirez to third. Ellsbury intentionally walked. Lugo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ellsbury out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Gutierrez flied out to left. Blake walked. Sizemore grounded out to first, Blake to second. Aardsma pitching for Red Sox. Michaels flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Lewis pitching for Indians. Lowrie struck out swinging. Varitek hit for Cash. Varitek homered to left. Varitek hit for Cash. Varitek homered to left. Crisp singled to left center. Pedroia doubled to center, Crisp to third. Ortiz popped out to second. Ramirez intentionally walked. Youkilis singled to left, Crisp scored, Pedroia thrown out at home, Ramirez to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Varitek catching. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Hafner struck out looking. Martinez struck out swinging. Peralta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 5 - Indians 3.	Varitek's pinch-hit HR tops Tribe