Brewers - Top 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Weeks struck out swinging. Cameron struck out looking. Braun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Bush pitching for Brewers. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Pedroia popped out to first. Ortiz walked. Youkilis doubled to deep left center, Ortiz to third. Lowell doubled to deep left, Ortiz and Youkilis scored. Lowell to third on wild pitch by Bush. Drew walked. Crisp grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. Hart singled to deep left. Hart stole second. Kapler grounded out to third, Hart to third. Hall grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Bush pitching for Brewers. Cora popped out to second. Cash grounded out to shortstop. Ellsbury flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Rivera singled to deep center. Counsell grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rivera out at second. Counsell stole second. Weeks singled to right center, Counsell to third. Cameron struck out swinging. Weeks caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Bush pitching for Brewers. Pedroia singled to shallow center. Ortiz popped out to shortstop. Pedroia stole second. Youkilis flied out to center, Pedroia to third. Lowell homered to left, Pedroia scored. Drew grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Braun popped out to shortstop. Fielder doubled to deep right. Hart walked. Kapler popped out to first. Hall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Crisp flied out to center. Cora grounded out to pitcher. Cash struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Rivera flied out to center. Counsell walked. Weeks lined out to shortstop. Cameron walked, Counsell to second. Braun fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Ellsbury safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Counsell. Ellsbury stole second. Pedroia sacrificed to pitcher, Ellsbury to third. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. Youkilis safe at first on error by third baseman Hall, Ellsbury scored. Lowell flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Fielder flied out to center. Hart homered to left. Kapler singled to center. Kapler to second on wild pitch by Wakefield. Hall hit by pitch. Aardsma pitching for Red Sox. Rivera struck out looking. Counsell hit by pitch, Kapler to third, Hall to second. Weeks singled to left, Kapler and Hall scored, Counsell to second. Cameron walked, Counsell to third, Weeks to second. Braun fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Drew flied out to right. Crisp doubled to deep left. Cora flied out to center, Crisp to third. Cash flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Hansen pitching for Red Sox. Fielder singled to left. Hart struck out swinging. Kapler safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Lowell, Fielder to second. Hall safe at first on error by shortstop Cora, Fielder to third, Kapler to second. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fielder scored, Hall out at second, Kapler to third. Rivera to second on wild pitch by Hansen. Counsell doubled to right, Kapler and Rivera scored. Weeks fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Torres pitching for Brewers. Ellsbury safe at first on error by second baseman Weeks. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ellsbury safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Hall. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop, Ellsbury scored, Pedroia to third. Youkilis singled to right, Pedroia scored. Lowell struck out looking. Youkilis caught stealing second, catcher to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Cameron flied out to center. Braun safe at first on error by pitcher Lopez. Fielder walked, Braun to second. Hart grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Fielder out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Torres pitching for Brewers. Drew struck out looking. Crisp walked. Cora walked, Crisp to second. Cash grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cora out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Kapler popped out to shortstop. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Rivera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 6 - Red Sox 7.	Red Sox earn doubleheader sweep of Brew Crew