Red Sox - Top 1st. Rasner pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury singled to center. Pedroia hit by pitch, Ellsbury to second. Drew struck out looking. Ramirez walked, Ellsbury to third, Pedroia to second. Lowell fouled out to first. Youkilis lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Damon doubled to deep center. Jeter flied out to right. Abreu walked. Rodriguez doubled to left, Damon and Abreu scored, Rodriguez to third advancing on throw. Giambi hit sacrifice fly to center, Rodriguez scored. Posada struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Rasner pitching for Yankees. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. Varitek singled to left. Lugo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Varitek out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Cano flied out to left. Cabrera flied out to center. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Rasner pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury reached on bunt single to catcher. Pedroia singled to left center, Ellsbury to second. Drew grounded out to first, Ellsbury to third, Pedroia to second. Ramirez walked. Lowell hit sacrifice fly to left, Ellsbury scored. Youkilis tripled to deep left, Pedroia and Ramirez scored. Gardner in left field. Crisp grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Gardner struck out swinging. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Abreu grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Rasner pitching for Yankees. Varitek struck out looking. Lugo grounded out to pitcher. Ellsbury reached on bunt single to third. Ellsbury caught stealing second, catcher to second to first to shortstop. Pedroia batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Rodriguez singled to center. Giambi flied out to center. Posada walked, Rodriguez to second. Cano fouled out to left. Cabrera hit by pitch, Rodriguez to third, Posada to second. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Rasner pitching for Yankees. Pedroia singled to center. Drew popped out to second. Ramirez singled to left, Pedroia to second. Lowell homered to left, Pedroia and Ramirez scored. Youkilis flied out to center. Crisp walked. Varitek singled to left center, Crisp to third. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Varitek out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Gardner struck out looking. Jeter singled to center. Abreu flied out to left. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jeter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Traber pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury grounded out to third. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Drew walked. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Giambi flied out to left. Posada grounded out to pitcher. Cano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Veras pitching for Yankees. Lowell doubled to left. Youkilis singled to left center, Lowell to third. Crisp flied out to left. Varitek struck out looking. Youkilis caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera singled to center. Molina walked, Cabrera to second. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second, Cabrera to third. Jeter walked, Gardner to second. Abreu popped out to first. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jeter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Lugo safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rodriguez. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Lugo caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Pedroia popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Cora at shortstop. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Giambi walked. Posada flied out to center. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Cano grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Giambi out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Drew flied out to right. Ramirez struck out swinging. Lowell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera fouled out to catcher. Betemit hit for Molina. Betemit flied out to center. Betemit hit for Molina. Betemit flied out to center. Gardner walked. Gardner to second on fielder's indifference. Jeter doubled to center, Gardner scored. Abreu flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 6 - Yankees 4.	BoSox ride Lowell HR, crazy triple by sliding Yanks