Twins - Top 1st. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Span walked. Span caught stealing second, pitcher to shortstop. Casilla doubled to right. Mauer singled to center, Casilla scored. Morneau homered to right, Mauer scored. Kubel struck out looking. Young grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Ellsbury singled to right. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellsbury out at second. Youkilis grounded out to shortstop, Pedroia to second. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Lamb flied out to left. Punto singled to right. Buscher grounded into fielder's choice to first, Punto out at second. Span flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Lowell singled to right. Casey struck out looking. Varitek grounded out to first, Lowell to second. Moss flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Casilla grounded out to third. Mauer walked. Morneau lined out to center. Kubel flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Lugo reached on infield single to shortstop. Ellsbury singled to left, Lugo to second. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellsbury out at second, Lugo to third. Youkilis struck out swinging. Ramirez doubled to right center, Lugo scored, Pedroia to third. Lowell singled to center, Pedroia and Ramirez scored, Lowell to second advancing on throw. Lowell to third on throwing error by center fielder Span. Casey singled to center, Lowell scored. Varitek flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 4th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Young grounded out to pitcher. Lamb singled to right. Punto struck out looking. Buscher flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Moss popped out to shortstop. Lugo reached on bunt single to shortstop. Ellsbury flied out to right. Lugo stole second. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Span popped out to second. Casilla fouled out to third. Mauer doubled to left. Morneau popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Youkilis singled to center. Ramirez doubled to deep center, Youkilis scored. Lowell grounded out to shortstop. Casey singled to center, Ramirez scored. Bonser pitching for Twins. Varitek hit ground rule double to deep right, Casey to third. Moss struck out swinging. Lugo flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Kubel homered to center. Young doubled to deep right. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Lamb struck out swinging. Punto singled to center, Young scored. Harris hit for Buscher. Harris singled to left, Punto to second, Punto tagged out at third attempting to advance on play. Harris hit for Buscher. Harris singled to left, Punto to second, Punto tagged out at third attempting to advance on play. Span walked, Harris to second. Casilla flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Harris at third base. Bonser pitching for Twins. Ellsbury safe at second on error by right fielder Kubel. Pedroia flied out to right, Ellsbury to third. Youkilis hit sacrifice fly to right, Ellsbury scored. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 7th. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Mauer grounded out to first. Morneau singled to right. Kubel walked, Morneau to second. Hansen pitching for Red Sox. Young singled to right, Morneau to third, Kubel to second. Lamb flied out to left. Punto grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Bonser pitching for Twins. Lowell walked. Casey hit ground rule double to deep right, Lowell to third. Varitek singled to center, Lowell scored, Casey to third. Breslow pitching for Twins. Moss struck out swinging. Lugo walked, Varitek to second. Ellsbury singled to left, Casey scored, Varitek to third, Lugo to second. Bass pitching for Twins. Pedroia doubled to deep left, Varitek, Lugo and Ellsbury scored. Youkilis doubled to deep left, Pedroia scored. Ramirez singled to center, Youkilis scored. Bailey ran for Ramirez. Lowell grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bailey out at second. Casey grounded out to first. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Bailey in left field. Hansen pitching for Red Sox. Harris walked. Span singled to center, Harris to second. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Casilla grounded into fielder's choice double play, shortstop to second to third, Span out at second, Harris out at third. Mauer walked, Casilla to second. Morneau grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Cash hit for Varitek. Bass pitching for Twins. Cash homered to left. Moss tripled to deep center. Lugo grounded out to shortstop, Moss scored. Ellsbury lined out to shortstop. Pedroia singled to center. Reyes pitching for Twins. Youkilis homered to left, Pedroia scored. Bailey flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Cash catching. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Kubel grounded out to first. Young singled to right. Lamb grounded out to first, Young to second. Punto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 5 - Red Sox 18.	BoSox score 18 on 23 hits to sweep Twins