Red Sox - Top 1st. Waters pitching for Orioles. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Pedroia tripled to deep left center. Ortiz walked. Youkilis singled to left, Pedroia scored, Ortiz to second. Bay singled to shallow right, Ortiz to third, Youkilis to second. Lowrie walked, Ortiz scored, Youkilis to third, Bay to second. Bailey struck out looking. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bay out at third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Markakis grounded out to first. Mora grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Waters pitching for Orioles. Cash doubled to deep center, Cash to second. Ellsbury reached on bunt single to pitcher, Cash to third, Cash scored, Ellsbury to second on throwing error by pitcher Waters. Ellsbury stole third. Pedroia popped out to second. Ortiz singled to deep right, Ellsbury scored. Youkilis flied out to center. Bay grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Huff flied out to right. Scott walked. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop, Scott to second. Montanez singled to right, Scott scored. Payton reached on infield single to pitcher, Montanez to second. Castro walked, Montanez to third, Payton to second. Roberts singled to left, Montanez and Payton scored, Castro to second. Markakis flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Waters pitching for Orioles. Lowrie hit ground rule double to left. Bailey flied into double play, right to shortstop, Lowrie doubled off second. Crisp grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Mora hit by pitch. Huff flied out to center. Scott walked, Mora to second, Mora stole third. Scott batting. Aardsma pitching for Red Sox. Hernandez homered to left center, Mora and Scott scored. Montanez walked. Payton grounded out to third, Montanez to second. Castro singled to left, Montanez scored, Castro tagged out at second attempting to advance on throw. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Waters pitching for Orioles. Cash walked. Ellsbury grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cash out at second. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Roberts singled to center. Markakis walked, Roberts to second. Mora homered to left, Roberts and Markakis scored. Huff grounded out to second. Scott singled to shallow left center. Hernandez struck out swinging. Montanez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Waters pitching for Orioles. Ortiz grounded out to first. Youkilis popped out to shortstop. Bay homered to center. Lowrie fouled out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Payton singled to right. Payton stole second. Castro hit by pitch. Roberts grounded out to first, Payton to third, Castro to second. Markakis walked. Mora hit sacrifice fly to center, Payton scored, Castro to third. Huff struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Sarfate pitching for Orioles. Bailey flied out to left. Crisp reached on infield single to second. Cash struck out swinging. Ellsbury popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Scott struck out swinging. Hernandez popped out to second. Montanez walked. Payton walked, Montanez to second. Castro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Sarfate pitching for Orioles. Pedroia struck out swinging. Ortiz walked. Youkilis flied out to right. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Roberts walked. Markakis flied out to center. Mora flied out to center. Huff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Mickolio pitching for Orioles. Lowrie struck out looking. Bailey reached on infield single to third. Crisp singled to right, Bailey to second. Cash struck out swinging. Ellsbury doubled to left center, Bailey scored, Crisp to third. Pedroia fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Scott struck out looking. Hernandez grounded out to pitcher. Montanez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. Youkilis singled to left. Bay struck out swinging. Lowrie flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 6 - Orioles 11.	O's batter Buchholz to avoid being swept by BoSox