Angels - Top 1st. Clippard pitching for Yankees. Figgins flied out to left. Cabrera hit ground rule double to deep right center. Guerrero doubled to right, Cabrera scored. Matthews grounded out to first, Guerrero to third. Kotchman grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Damon grounded out to first. Jeter popped out to second. Matsui popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Clippard pitching for Yankees. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Napoli doubled to deep center. Hillenbrand batting. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. Hillenbrand to third on wild pitch by Clippard. Figgins flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Rodriguez homered to right. Posada grounded out to shortstop. Giambi walked. Abreu lined out to left. Cano singled to right, Giambi to second. Mientkiewicz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Clippard pitching for Yankees. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guerrero flied out to right. Matthews flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Damon struck out looking. Jeter struck out swinging. Matsui hit ground rule double to deep left. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Clippard pitching for Yankees. Kotchman homered to right. Kendrick singled to left. Napoli flied out to left. Hillenbrand grounded out to first, Kendrick to second. Kendrick to third on wild pitch by Clippard. Murphy popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Posada struck out swinging. Giambi singled to center. Abreu walked, Giambi to second. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to third, Abreu out at second, Giambi to third. Mientkiewicz singled to right, Giambi scored, Cano to second. DeSalvo pitching for Yankees. Damon lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. DeSalvo pitching for Yankees. Figgins walked. Figgins to second on wild pitch by DeSalvo. Cabrera walked. Guerrero singled to right center, Figgins scored, Cabrera to third. Vizcaino pitching for Yankees. Matthews doubled to right, Cabrera scored, Guerrero to third. Kotchman grounded out to third. Kendrick intentionally walked. Napoli walked, Guerrero scored, Matthews to third, Kendrick to second. Hillenbrand grounded into double play, third to second to first, Napoli out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Jeter walked. Matsui grounded out to first, Jeter to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Posada doubled to deep center, Jeter scored. Giambi singled to left, Posada thrown out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Vizcaino pitching for Yankees. Murphy singled to left. Figgins homered to right, Murphy scored. Cabrera walked. Villone pitching for Yankees. Guerrero doubled to deep center, Cabrera to third. Matthews struck out swinging. Kotchman singled to center, Cabrera scored, Guerrero to third, Kotchman to second advancing on throw. Kendrick intentionally walked. Napoli hit sacrifice fly to center, Guerrero scored, Kotchman to third, Kendrick to second. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Abreu flied out to left. Cano struck out swinging. Mientkiewicz fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Murphy struck out swinging. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera hit for Damon. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Cabrera lined out to shortstop. Jeter singled to left center. Cabrera in center field. Matsui grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Jeter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Guerrero flied out to right. Matthews struck out swinging. Myers pitching for Yankees. Kotchman singled to right center. Kendrick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Rodriguez walked. Posada singled to right, Rodriguez to second. Giambi struck out swinging. Shields pitching for Angels. Abreu walked, Rodriguez to third, Posada to second. Cano doubled to deep center, Rodriguez, Posada and Abreu scored. Mientkiewicz grounded out to second, Cano to third. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Cabrera grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Napoli struck out swinging. Hillenbrand singled to left center. Murphy flied out to left. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Shields pitching for Angels. Jeter struck out looking. Matsui struck out looking. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 10 - Yankees 6.	Figgins, Angels rip rookie Clippard, rout Yankees