Yankees - Top 1st. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Abreu lined out to left. Jeter doubled to left. Matsui flied out to right. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Lugo flied out to center. Pedroia singled to left. Ortiz singled to right, Pedroia to second. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Ortiz out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Posada grounded out to second. Cano grounded out to third. Cabrera homered to right. Mientkiewicz singled to center. Nieves flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Youkilis grounded out to third. Lowell walked. Varitek grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lowell out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Abreu singled to center. Jeter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Abreu out at second. Matsui struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Pena doubled to deep center. Crisp sacrificed to pitcher, Pena to third. Lugo grounded out to shortstop, Pena scored. Pedroia fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Posada singled to right. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to second, Posada out at second. Cabrera singled to right, Cano to second. Mientkiewicz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Ortiz walked. Ramirez doubled to deep center, Ortiz to third. Youkilis walked. Lowell singled to left, Ortiz scored, Ramirez to third, Youkilis to second. Varitek grounded into double play, second to first, Ramirez scored, Lowell out at second, Youkilis to third. Pena struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Nieves grounded out to pitcher. Abreu singled to left. Jeter grounded into double play, third to second to first, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Crisp flied out to center. Lugo singled to left. Pedroia singled to right, Lugo to second. Ortiz grounded out to first, Lugo to third, Pedroia to second. Ramirez intentionally walked. Youkilis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Matsui singled to right. Rodriguez walked, Matsui to second. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Posada homered to right, Matsui and Rodriguez scored. Cano grounded out to second. Cabrera doubled to deep right center. Mientkiewicz singled to center, Cabrera scored. Nieves grounded into double play, third to second to first, Mientkiewicz out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Lowell homered to left center. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Varitek homered to center. Pena struck out swinging. Crisp singled to right. Crisp stole second. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Pineiro pitching for Red Sox. Abreu struck out swinging. Jeter homered to left. Matsui struck out swinging. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Pineiro pitching for Red Sox. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Rodriguez walked. Posada flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Ortiz doubled to deep right. Ramirez intentionally walked. Youkilis walked, Ortiz to third, Ramirez to second. Phelps at first base. Lowell grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ortiz scored, Youkilis out at second, Ramirez to third, Ramirez scored, Lowell to second on throwing error by shortstop Jeter. Varitek intentionally walked. Pena safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter, Lowell to third, Varitek to second. Bruney pitching for Yankees. Crisp singled to center, Lowell scored, Varitek to third, Pena to second. Lugo hit sacrifice fly to center, Varitek scored, Pena to third. Myers pitching for Yankees. Pedroia singled to right, Pena scored, Crisp to third. Pedroia to second on fielder's indifference. Ortiz grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Cano flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to third. Vizcaino pitching for Yankees. Phelps struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Vizcaino pitching for Yankees. Ramirez struck out swinging. Youkilis walked. Lowell doubled to center, Youkilis scored. Varitek grounded out to first, Lowell to third. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Damon hit for Nieves. Pena struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Damon grounded out to first. Abreu walked. Abreu to second on fielder's indifference. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Matsui popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 6 - Red Sox 11.	Homer-hitting BoSox beat Yanks on errors in 7th