Yankees - Top 1st. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Damon flied out to center. Cabrera bunt grounded out to third. Abreu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Owens grounded out to second. Iguchi flied out to right. Thome grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cintron. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez out at second. Cano lined out to third. Phelps lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Konerko popped out to second. Pierzynski singled to center. Fields grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierzynski out at second. Mackowiak grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fields out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Cairo struck out swinging. Nieves grounded out to shortstop. Damon safe at first on error by second baseman Iguchi. Damon stole second. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Cintron grounded out to second. Terrero bunt grounded out to pitcher. Owens grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Abreu singled to left. Rodriguez singled to left, Abreu to third. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Abreu scored, Rodriguez out at second. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matsui out at second. Phelps struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Iguchi flied out to right. Thome doubled to deep left center. Konerko struck out swinging. Pierzynski flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Cairo grounded out to third. Nieves reached on infield single to shortstop. Damon flied out to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Fields struck out swinging. Mackowiak grounded out to second. Cintron struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Abreu grounded out to first. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Matsui grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Terrero struck out looking. Owens grounded out to pitcher. Iguchi flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Cano flied out to center. Phelps fouled out to first. Cairo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Thome reached on infield single to shortstop. Myers pitching for Yankees. Konerko singled to deep left, Thome to third. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Pierzynski singled to right, Thome scored, Konerko to second. Fields struck out swinging. Mackowiak flied out to center. Uribe at shortstop. Jeter hit for Nieves. Cintron grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Jeter walked. Damon struck out swinging. Jeter to second on wild pitch by Contreras. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Jeter to third. Abreu doubled to deep right, Jeter and Cabrera scored. Rodriguez intentionally walked. Matsui walked, Abreu to third, Rodriguez to second. Posada hit for Phelps. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu scored, Matsui out at second, Rodriguez to third. Posada catching. Cairo at first base. Jeter at shortstop. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Posada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cano out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Terrero flied out to left. Owens singled to right. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Iguchi hit ground rule double to deep right center, Owens scored. Thome grounded out to first, Iguchi to third. Gonzalez ran for Konerko. Konerko reached on infield single to shortstop, Iguchi scored. Gonzalez at first base. Hall catching. Prinz pitching for White Sox. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 9th. Prinz pitching for White Sox. Cairo flied out to center. Jeter singled to right. Logan pitching for White Sox. Damon struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left, Jeter to second. Bukvich pitching for White Sox. Abreu walked, Jeter to third, Cabrera to second. Rodriguez homered to left, Jeter, Cabrera and Abreu scored. Matsui walked. Cano tripled to deep right, Matsui scored. Posada safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Uribe, Cano scored. Cairo popped out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Fields struck out swinging. Mackowiak grounded out to third. Uribe grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 10 - White Sox 3.	Yankees' Torre celebrates 2,000th victory