Athletics - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Ellis singled to center. Cust singled to right center, Ellis to second, Ellis to third on error by right fielder Abreu. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ellis scored, Cust out at second. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Athletics. Damon flied out to right. Jeter struck out swinging. Cano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Crosby singled to center. Kendall reached on infield single to pitcher, Crosby to second. Kotsay singled to right, Crosby to third, Kendall to second. Suzuki singled to right, Crosby scored, Kendall to third, Kotsay to second. Stewart flied out to right. Ellis hit sacrifice fly to right, Kendall scored, Kotsay to third, Suzuki to second. Cust homered to right center, Kotsay and Suzuki scored. Chavez doubled to deep right. Villone pitching for Yankees. Johnson homered to right, Chavez scored. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez walked. Posada singled to right, Rodriguez to second. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to first, Posada out at second, Rodriguez to third. Abreu grounded out to pitcher, Rodriguez scored, Matsui to second. Phillips singled to left center, Matsui scored. Cabrera grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Villone pitching for Yankees. Kendall flied out to center. Kotsay singled to center. Suzuki struck out swinging. Stewart flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Damon doubled to deep right. Jeter struck out swinging. Cano grounded out to first, Damon to third. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Ellis grounded out to catcher. Cust flied out to center. Chavez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Posada walked. Matsui hit ground rule double to right, Posada to third. Abreu hit sacrifice fly to left, Posada scored, Matsui to third. Phillips reached on infield single to shortstop, Matsui scored. Cabrera doubled to right, Phillips to third. Damon struck out swinging. Jeter hit by pitch. Cano flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Johnson lined out to right. Crosby struck out swinging. Kendall flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Posada grounded out to first. Bruney pitching for Yankees. Matsui grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Bruney pitching for Yankees. Kotsay singled to right. Suzuki popped out to first. Stewart struck out swinging. Kotsay caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Abreu lined out to center. Phillips singled to left. Braden pitching for Athletics. Cabrera singled to left, Phillips to second. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cabrera out at second, Phillips to third. Jeter singled to right, Phillips scored, Damon to second. Cano struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Myers pitching for Yankees. Ellis singled to right. Cust doubled to deep center, Ellis scored. Vizcaino pitching for Yankees. Chavez lined out to second. Johnson intentionally walked. Crosby struck out swinging. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Kendall popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Posada singled to right. Matsui flied out to left. Abreu grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Vizcaino pitching for Yankees. Kotsay grounded out to second. Suzuki singled to left center. Stewart doubled to left, Suzuki to third. Ellis walked. Cust struck out swinging. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Chavez singled to center, Suzuki and Stewart scored, Ellis to second. Johnson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Phillips flied out to right. Cabrera struck out swinging. Damon fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Crosby flied out to center. Kendall popped out to second. Embree pitching for Athletics. Kotsay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Embree pitching for Athletics. Jeter singled to left center. Cano grounded out to first, Jeter to second. Rodriguez walked. Posada grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 11 - Yankees 5.	A's punish Pettitte, Yanks