Yankees - Top 1st. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Damon lined out to shortstop. Cabrera walked. Jeter grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Iwamura popped out to second. Crawford grounded out to second. Harris grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez safe at first on error by third baseman Iwamura. Matsui grounded out to pitcher, Rodriguez to second. Posada fouled out to third. Abreu doubled to deep right, Rodriguez scored. Cano flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Pena struck out swinging. Young popped out to second. Wigginton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Phillips lined out to left. Damon lined out to second. Cabrera reached on bunt single to third. Cabrera caught stealing second, catcher to second. Jeter batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Gomes singled to left. Navarro sacrificed to first, Gomes to second. Wilson doubled to left, Gomes scored. Iwamura grounded out to second, Wilson to third. Crawford grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Jeter homered to center. Rodriguez homered to left. Matsui struck out swinging. Posada flied out to center. Abreu homered to center. Cano struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Harris doubled to deep center. Pena walked. Young singled to right, Harris to third, Pena to second. Wigginton struck out looking. Gomes hit sacrifice fly to right, Harris scored, Pena to third. Navarro struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Phillips singled to center. Damon singled to left, Phillips to second. Cabrera sacrificed to catcher, Phillips to third, Damon to second, Cabrera safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Shields. Phillips to third on throwing error by pitcher Shields. Jeter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Phillips scored, Cabrera out at second. Rodriguez fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Wilson flied out to right. Iwamura grounded out to third. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Matsui doubled to right center. Posada doubled to deep right, Matsui scored. Abreu grounded out to second, Posada to third. Cano grounded out to second. Phillips grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Harris singled to center. Pena flied out to center. Young singled to center, Harris to third, Young to second advancing on throw. Vizcaino pitching for Yankees. Wigginton hit sacrifice fly to center, Harris scored. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Gomes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Damon bunt grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera grounded out to second. Jeter lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Vizcaino pitching for Yankees. Navarro grounded out to first. Wilson struck out swinging. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Iwamura grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez walked. Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Switzer. Matsui flied out to center, Rodriguez to third. Hammel pitching for Devil Rays. Posada walked. Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop, Rodriguez scored, Posada to third. Cano flied out to right. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Phillips grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Crawford walked. Harris fouled out to catcher. Pena singled to right, Crawford to second. Young flied out to right. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Wigginton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Damon walked. Cabrera flied out to center. Jeter flied out to center. Damon caught stealing second, catcher to second. Rodriguez batting. Rivera pitching for Yankees. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Casanova hit for Navarro. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Gomes struck out swinging. Casanova grounded out to first. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 7 - Devil Rays 3.	A-Rod, Jeter homers help Yanks slam ailing Rays