Yankees - Top 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Damon walked. Jeter singled to right, Damon to second. Abreu walked, Damon to third, Jeter to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Matsui hit sacrifice fly to right, Damon scored, Jeter to third. Cano grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Wang pitching for Yankees. Roberts lined out to second. Patterson singled to right. Patterson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Markakis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Phillips doubled to deep right. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Phillips scored. Molina sacrificed to pitcher, Cabrera to third. Damon singled to right center, Cabrera scored. Jeter walked, Damon to second. Abreu walked, Damon to third, Jeter to second. Rodriguez grounded into double play, second to first to second to catcher to second to first to second to catcher, Damon scored, Jeter out at home, Jeter out at third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Millar reached on infield single to second. Tejada singled to center, Millar to third, Tejada out stretching at second. Huff flied out to left. Gibbons grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Matsui struck out swinging. Cano doubled to left. Phillips struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Bako walked. Hernandez struck out looking. Roberts flied out to left. Patterson singled to center, Bako to second. Markakis lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Molina grounded out to first. Damon struck out looking. Jeter grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Millar walked. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Millar out at second. Huff flied out to left. Gibbons singled to shallow center, Tejada to second. Bako walked, Tejada to third, Gibbons to second. Hernandez singled to shallow center, Tejada and Gibbons scored, Bako to third. Roberts flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Abreu doubled to deep left. Rodriguez walked. Matsui popped out to shortstop. Cano flied out to right. Abreu picked off second. Phillips batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Patterson popped out to catcher. Markakis doubled to deep center. Millar grounded out to third. Tejada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Phillips struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to second. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Huff grounded out to pitcher. Gibbons grounded out to second. Bako walked. Hernandez singled to right, Bako to second. Roberts singled to left, Bako scored, Hernandez to second. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Roberts out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Damon singled to center. Jeter doubled to deep right, Damon to third. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. Rodriguez intentionally walked. Matsui hit sacrifice fly to center, Damon scored. Cano grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Vizcaino pitching for Yankees. Markakis doubled to deep right. Millar struck out swinging. Tejada reached on infield single to second, Markakis to third. Huff hit sacrifice fly to right, Markakis scored. Gibbons grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Shuey pitching for Orioles. Phillips flied out to left. Cabrera singled to center. Posada hit for Molina. Posada walked, Cabrera to second. Damon doubled to right center, Cabrera scored, Posada to third. Jeter walked. Baez pitching for Orioles. Abreu singled to right, Posada and Damon scored, Jeter to third. Rodriguez walked, Abreu to second. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jeter scored, Rodriguez out at second, Abreu to third. Cano doubled to shallow right, Abreu scored, Matsui to third. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Cairo at shortstop. Posada catching. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Bako walked. Hernandez struck out looking. Roberts homered to right, Bako scored. Patterson flied out to left. Markakis singled to shallow center. Markakis to second on passed ball by Posada. Millar popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Bell pitching for Orioles. Cabrera doubled to center. Posada singled to center, Cabrera to third. Damon flied out to left. Cairo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Posada out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Tejada singled to center. Huff struck out swinging. Gibbons struck out looking. Tejada to second on wild pitch by Rivera. Bako singled to right, Tejada to third. Gomez hit for Hernandez. Bako to second on fielder's indifference. Gomez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 10 - Orioles 6.	Damon helps Yankees avoid sweep in Baltimore