Yankees - Top 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Cabrera grounded out to first. Betemit struck out swinging. Abreu singled to center. Giambi singled to deep right, Abreu to third, Giambi out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Roberts flied out to right. Mora walked. Markakis homered to left, Mora scored. Tejada lined out to third. Millar popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Cano doubled to right. Posada singled to center, Cano scored. Duncan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Posada out at second. Sardinha popped out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Hernandez doubled to deep right. Payton walked. Redman sacrificed to third, Hernandez to third, Payton to second. Hernandez grounded out to second, Hernandez scored, Payton to third. Roberts singled to right, Payton scored. Mora lined out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Betemit flied out to center. Abreu singled to center. Giambi walked, Abreu to second. Cano grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Markakis singled to right. Tejada walked, Markakis to second. Millar safe at second on error by left fielder Sardinha, Markakis scored, Tejada to third. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop, Tejada scored. Payton flied out to left. Redman grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Posada singled to left. Duncan singled to left, Posada to third. Sardinha singled to center, Posada scored, Duncan to second. Gonzalez safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Hernandez, Duncan scored, Sardinha to third. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Sardinha and Gonzalez scored. Betemit singled to right center, Cabrera scored. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Betemit to second on passed ball by Hernandez. Abreu walked. Giambi doubled to deep right, Betemit scored, Abreu to third. Cano singled to right center, Abreu and Giambi scored. Posada struck out looking. Santos pitching for Orioles. Duncan homered to left, Cano scored. Sardinha walked. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sardinha out at second. 10 Runs, 8 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Hernandez singled to left. Roberts lined into double play, second to first, Hernandez doubled off first. Mora flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Santos pitching for Orioles. Cabrera flied out to left. Betemit flied out to center. Abreu grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Markakis singled to left. Tejada flied out to left. Millar singled to left, Markakis to second. Hernandez homered to right center, Markakis and Millar scored. Payton popped out to second. Redman grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Santos pitching for Orioles. Giambi walked. Cano grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Giambi out at second. Hoey pitching for Orioles. Posada flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Molina catching. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Hernandez grounded out to first. Roberts fouled out to left. Mora struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Hoey pitching for Orioles. Duncan grounded out to shortstop. Sardinha flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Markakis flied out to center. Tejada walked. Millar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tejada out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Hoey pitching for Orioles. Cabrera struck out swinging. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Betemit doubled to deep right. Abreu lined into double play, second to shortstop, Betemit doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Hernandez popped out to shortstop. Payton homered to left. Redman flied out to center. House hit for Hernandez. House flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Fahey at shortstop. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Giambi flied out to left. Cano flied out to center. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Veras pitching for Yankees. Roberts walked. Roberts stole second. Mora grounded out to second, Roberts to third. Markakis struck out looking. Tejada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 11 - Orioles 10.	Yanks' fourth-inning 10-spot rocks Cabrera, O's