Reds - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken flied out to right. Lopez singled to left. Lopez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Dunn walked. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Reds. Byrnes doubled to left. Hudson walked. Tracy flied out to center. Gonzalez lined out to center. Jackson safe at first on error by third baseman Encarnacion, Byrnes to third, Hudson to second. Easley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Hatteberg flied out to center. Kearns doubled to deep center. Phillips popped out to second. LaRue intentionally walked. Williams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Reds. Green grounded out to shortstop. Snyder grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken singled to right. Lopez doubled to deep right, McCracken scored. Dunn homered to right, Lopez scored. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Hatteberg homered to right. Kearns fouled out to catcher. Phillips flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Reds. Byrnes flied out to left. Hudson singled to center. Tracy grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hudson out at second. Gonzalez singled to right, Tracy to second. Jackson doubled to deep right center, Tracy and Gonzalez scored. Easley doubled to deep left, Jackson scored. Green homered to left center, Easley scored. Snyder grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. LaRue lined out to left. Williams grounded out to first. McCracken singled to right. Lopez fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Reds. Hernandez walked. Byrnes popped out to second. Hudson grounded out to shortstop, Hernandez to second. Tracy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Dunn struck out looking. Encarnacion fouled out to catcher. Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Reds. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Jackson flied out to right. Easley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Kearns homered to left. Phillips flied out to right. Olmedo hit for Williams. LaRue walked. Olmedo flied out to left. McCracken walked, LaRue to second. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop, LaRue to third, McCracken to second. Dunn doubled to deep center, LaRue and McCracken scored, Lopez to third. White pitching for Reds. Encarnacion grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. White pitching for Reds. Green grounded out to second. Green hit for Aquino. Snyder flied out to right. Green doubled to deep left. Byrnes hit by pitch. Shackelford pitching for Reds. Hudson tripled to deep center, Green and Byrnes scored. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Hatteberg grounded out to second. Kearns walked. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Phillips reached on infield single to pitcher, Kearns to second. LaRue grounded into double play, third to second to first, Phillips out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Shackelford pitching for Reds. Gonzalez fouled out to third. Coffey pitching for Reds. Ross catching. Jackson lined out to center. Easley safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Lopez. Green safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lopez, Easley advanced to third on play, Easley tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Ross popped out to second. McCracken flied out to center. Lopez reached on infield single to second. DaVanon hit for Snyder. Dunn popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Estrada hit for Medders. Coffey pitching for Reds. DaVanon walked. Estrada struck out swinging. Byrnes hit by pitch, DaVanon to second. Mercker pitching for Reds. Hudson struck out swinging. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. DaVanon in center field. Estrada catching. Tracy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Encarnacion homered to left. Hatteberg struck out swinging. Kearns doubled to deep center. Weathers pitching for Reds. Phillips lined into double play, third to second, Kearns doubled off second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Weathers pitching for Reds. Gonzalez singled to left. Jackson singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Easley sacrificed to third, Gonzalez to third, Jackson to second. Green intentionally walked. DaVanon reached on infield single to second, Gonzalez scored, Jackson to third, Green to second. Estrada lined into double play, to first, DaVanon doubled off first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 9 - Diamondbacks 8.	Dunn drives in five as Reds snap D-backs streak