Reds - Top 1st. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Freel walked. Freel stole second. Hatteberg flied out to center. Encarnacion struck out looking. Griffey Jr fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Michalak pitching for Reds. Furcal flied out to center. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. Lugo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Aurilia grounded out to shortstop. Hollandsworth walked. Phillips grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Hollandsworth out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Michalak pitching for Reds. Garciaparra flied out to center. Kent singled to center. Kent caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher to second to shortstop. Ethier reached on infield single to first. Martin homered to center, Ethier scored. Repko lined out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Ross grounded out to shortstop. Michalak walked. Freel walked, Michalak to second. Hatteberg walked, Michalak to third, Freel to second. Encarnacion grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hatteberg out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Michalak pitching for Reds. Penny grounded out to first. Furcal walked. Lofton flied out to left. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Griffey Jr doubled to deep right. Aurilia singled to right, Griffey Jr to third. Hollandsworth grounded into fielder's choice to second, Griffey Jr scored, Aurilia out at second. Phillips singled to right, Hollandsworth to third. Ross struck out swinging. Hollandsworth caught stealing home, catcher to shortstop to catcher to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Michalak pitching for Reds. Garciaparra hit ground rule double to deep left. Kent hit ground rule double to deep right, Garciaparra scored. Ethier singled to left, Kent scored. Martin fouled out to second. Repko singled to left, Ethier to second. Penny sacrificed to catcher, Ethier to third, Repko to second. LaRue hit for Michalak. Furcal lined out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. LaRue struck out looking. Freel doubled to left. Hatteberg grounded out to second, Freel to third. Franklin pitching for Reds. Encarnacion popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Franklin pitching for Reds. Lofton grounded out to second. Lugo walked. Lugo stole second, Lugo safe at third on throwing error by catcher Ross. Garciaparra walked. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Kent grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Garciaparra out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 6th. Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Griffey Jr struck out swinging. Aurilia grounded out to third. Hollandsworth walked. Phillips reached on infield single to shortstop, Hollandsworth to second. Ross grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Franklin pitching for Reds. Ethier grounded out to second. Martin reached on infield single to shortstop. Martin to second on passed ball by Ross. Drew hit for Beimel. Repko singled to left, Martin out at home, Martin to third advancing on play. Repko to second advancing on throw. Drew intentionally walked. Repko to third, Drew to second on wild pitch by Franklin. Furcal walked. Dessens pitching for Dodgers. Clayton hit for Franklin. Lofton lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Dessens pitching for Dodgers. Clayton grounded out to third. Freel flied out to left. Coffey pitching for Reds. Hatteberg lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Coffey pitching for Reds. Lugo flied out to right. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. Kent walked. Ethier singled to right, Kent to second. Martin walked, Kent to third, Ethier to second. Repko singled to center, Kent and Ethier scored, Martin to third. Dessens grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Dessens pitching for Dodgers. Encarnacion singled to left. Griffey Jr hit ground rule double to deep left, Encarnacion to third. Aurilia flied out to right. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Hollandsworth singled to deep left center, Encarnacion and Griffey Jr scored. Phillips homered to center, Hollandsworth scored. Dunn hit for Coffey. Ross walked. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Dunn walked, Ross to second. Freel grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dunn out at second, Ross to third. Freel stole second. Schoeneweis pitching for Reds. Hatteberg struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Schoeneweis pitching for Reds. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. Lofton grounded out to first. Weathers pitching for Reds. Valentin at first base. Lugo singled to right. Lugo caught stealing second, catcher to second. Garciaparra batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Encarnacion flied out to center. Griffey Jr walked. Aurilia struck out swinging. Hollandsworth singled to center, Griffey Jr to second. Phillips struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 5 - Dodgers 6.	Dodgers jump out, hang on against fading Reds