Reds - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Denorfia walked. Hatteberg grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Denorfia out at second. Aurilia singled to left. Dunn walked, Aurilia to second. Ross flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Michalak pitching for Reds. Ramirez homered to left. Uggla singled to right. Cabrera walked, Uggla to second. Willingham flied out to center, Uggla to third. Helms doubled to deep right, Uggla scored, Cabrera to third. Ross grounded out to shortstop, Cabrera scored. Olivo intentionally walked. Amezaga grounded into fielder's choice to third, Olivo out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Hollandsworth doubled to deep center. Clayton flied out to center, Hollandsworth to third. Phillips grounded out to shortstop, Hollandsworth scored. Michalak struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Michalak pitching for Reds. Sanchez grounded out to first. Ramirez singled to left. Uggla popped out to second. Cabrera singled to left, Ramirez to second. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Denorfia lined out to center. Hatteberg walked. Aurilia walked, Hatteberg to second. Dunn struck out looking. Ross flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Michalak pitching for Reds. Helms flied out to center. Ross walked. Olivo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ross out at second. Amezaga grounded into fielder's choice to third, Olivo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Hollandsworth singled to center. Hollandsworth to second on wild pitch by Sanchez. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. Olmedo hit for Michalak. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hollandsworth out at third. Johnson pitching for Reds. Olmedo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phillips out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Reds. Sanchez struck out looking. Ramirez grounded out to third. Uggla grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Denorfia singled to center. Denorfia stole second. Hatteberg grounded out to first, Denorfia to third. Aurilia singled to center, Denorfia scored. Dunn grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Aurilia out at second. Ross singled to left center, Dunn to third. Hollandsworth popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for Reds. Cabrera singled to center. Willingham singled to left, Cabrera to second. Helms singled to right, Cabrera scored, Willingham to second. Ross lined out to shortstop, Willingham to third on throwing error by shortstop Clayton. Olivo popped out to second. Bray pitching for Reds. Borchard hit for Sanchez. Amezaga reached on infield single to shortstop, Willingham scored, Helms to second. Resop pitching for Marlins. Borchard lined out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 6th. Resop pitching for Marlins. Clayton singled to center. Wise hit for Bray. Phillips singled to right, Clayton to second. Wise popped out to shortstop. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Denorfia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Phillips out at second, Clayton to third. Encarnacion hit for Hatteberg. Encarnacion reached first base on catcher's interference, Denorfia to second. Encarnacion batting. Encarnacion at first base. Franklin pitching for Reds. Aurilia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Franklin pitching for Reds. Ramirez walked. Uggla struck out swinging. Ramirez caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cabrera walked. Willingham grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Dunn struck out swinging. Hopper hit for Hollandsworth. Ross grounded out to shortstop. Herges pitching for Marlins. Hopper walked. Clayton walked, Hopper to second. Griffey Jr hit for Franklin. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Phillips singled to left, Hopper to third, Clayton to second. Hopper in right field. Coffey pitching for Reds. Griffey Jr flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Coffey pitching for Reds. Helms tripled to deep right, Helms scored on throwing error by second baseman Phillips. Ross popped out to shortstop. Olivo struck out swinging. Amezaga reached on infield single to shortstop. Reed in center field. Amezaga in left field. Tankersley struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 8th. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Denorfia singled to center. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to third, Denorfia out at second. Aurilia singled to center, Encarnacion to second. Dunn struck out swinging. Encarnacion to third, Aurilia to second on wild pitch by Tankersley. Ross struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Coffey pitching for Reds. Ramirez inside-the-park home run to deep center. Majewski pitching for Reds. Uggla flied out to center. Cabrera singled to center. Reed struck out swinging. Helms singled to left, Cabrera to third. Borowski pitching for Marlins. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helms out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Borowski pitching for Marlins. Hopper grounded out to third. Clayton struck out looking. Phillips flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 2 - Marlins 7.	Sanchez wins No. 10; Ramirez's 2 HRs power Marlins