Mariners - Top 1st. Campillo pitching for Braves. Suzuki singled to right. Lopez flied out to right. Ibanez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Bedard pitching for Mariners. Blanco struck out looking. Escobar flied out to right. Jones flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Campillo pitching for Braves. Beltre flied out to left. Sexson grounded out to pitcher. Clement flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Bedard pitching for Mariners. Teixeira flied out to right. Infante singled to center. McCann flied out to center. Francoeur grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Campillo pitching for Braves. Betancourt flied out to right. Bloomquist flied out to right. Bedard singled to center. Suzuki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Bedard pitching for Mariners. Gotay singled to left. Campillo flied out to left. Blanco grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gotay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Campillo pitching for Braves. Lopez grounded out to third. Ibanez doubled to deep center. Beltre flied out to center, Ibanez to third. Sexson walked. Clement grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Escobar grounded out to second. Jones walked. Teixeira walked, Jones to second. Infante singled to center, Jones scored, Teixeira to second. McCann singled to right, Teixeira to third, Infante to second. Francoeur grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McCann out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Campillo pitching for Braves. Betancourt doubled to deep center. Bloomquist singled to right, Betancourt to third. Corcoran struck out bunting foul. Suzuki hit into double play, first to catcher to third to pitcher to shortstop, Bloomquist out at second, Betancourt out at home, Suzuki to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Gotay singled to center. Campillo sacrificed to catcher, Gotay to second. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Blanco struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Campillo pitching for Braves. Lopez doubled to deep left. Ibanez grounded out to first, Lopez to third. Beltre doubled to deep right center, Lopez scored. Sexson struck out swinging. Clement flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Jones popped out to shortstop. Teixeira grounded out to third. Infante walked. McCann grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Campillo pitching for Braves. Betancourt lined out to right. Bloomquist walked. Reed hit for Rowland-Smith. Reed doubled to deep left, Bloomquist scored. Suzuki intentionally walked. Bennett pitching for Braves. Lopez singled to left, Reed scored, Suzuki to second. Ibanez singled to left, Suzuki to third, Lopez to second. Beltre hit sacrifice fly to center, Suzuki scored. Sexson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Green pitching for Mariners. Cairo at first base. Francoeur hit by pitch. Gotay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Francoeur out at second. Jones hit for Bennett. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Johnson at second base. Gotay at third base. Ohman pitching for Braves. Clement grounded out to shortstop. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Bloomquist singled to right. Bloomquist stole second. Cairo walked. Suzuki walked, Bloomquist to third, Cairo to second. Lopez doubled to deep left, Bloomquist, Cairo and Suzuki scored, Lopez to third advancing on throw. Ibanez doubled to deep right, Lopez scored. Carlyle pitching for Braves. Beltre singled to center, Ibanez scored. Johjima hit for Green. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Blanco lined out to shortstop. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop. Johnson doubled to deep right, Escobar scored. Teixeira grounded out to first, Johnson to third. Infante flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Ring pitching for Braves. Infante at shortstop. Norton in left field. Clement grounded out to second. Betancourt doubled to deep left. Bloomquist safe at first on error by shortstop Infante, Betancourt scored. Cairo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bloomquist out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 9th. Batista pitching for Mariners. McCann safe at first on error by first baseman Cairo. Francoeur flied out to center. Gotay grounded into double play, second to first, McCann out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Mariners 10 - Braves 2.	Lopez's 4 RBIs lead Mariners to blowout of Braves