Cardinals - Top 1st. Campillo pitching for Braves. Schumaker flied out to right. Mather flied out to center. Pujols flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Blanco reached on infield single to second. Escobar flied out to center. Kotsay popped out to shortstop. Norton singled to center, Blanco to third. Infante flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Campillo pitching for Braves. Ludwick struck out swinging. Glaus struck out looking. Molina singled to center. Ryan doubled to right, Molina scored, Ryan to third advancing on throw. Wellemeyer grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Johnson doubled to deep right. Francoeur singled to center, Johnson scored. Miller grounded out to second, Francoeur to second. Campillo struck out swinging. Blanco singled to center, Francoeur scored. Escobar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Campillo pitching for Braves. Izturis grounded out to first. Schumaker grounded out to second. Mather singled to center. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Kotsay flied out to left. Norton singled to right center. Infante flied out to left. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Norton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Campillo pitching for Braves. Ludwick singled to center. Glaus struck out looking. Molina struck out swinging. Ryan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Francoeur walked. Miller struck out swinging. Campillo popped out to third. Blanco singled to right, Francoeur to third. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Campillo pitching for Braves. Wellemeyer grounded out to pitcher. Izturis flied out to right. Schumaker reached on infield single to shortstop. Mather flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Kotsay singled to left. Norton flied out to left, Kotsay to second. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kotsay to third on throwing error by second baseman Ryan. Johnson struck out swinging. Kotsay caught stealing home, catcher to third to catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Campillo pitching for Braves. Pujols homered to center. Ludwick popped out to second. Glaus grounded out to third. Molina reached on infield single to second. Ryan flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Francoeur flied out to right. Miller lined out to second. Campillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Ankiel hit for Wellemeyer. Campillo pitching for Braves. Ankiel walked. Pineiro ran for Ankiel. Izturis bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Pineiro out at second. Schumaker popped out to shortstop. Mather grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Blanco reached on bunt single to second. Escobar bunt popped out to pitcher. Kotsay flied out to left. Blanco to second on wild pitch by Franklin. Norton walked. Infante flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Soriano pitching for Braves. Pujols doubled to deep right. Ludwick lined out to shortstop. Pujols stole third. Pujols scored on throwing error by catcher Miller. Glaus walked. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Glaus out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 8th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Johnson walked. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop, Johnson to second. Gotay hit for Miller. Gotay grounded out to second, Johnson to third. Prado hit for Soriano. Prado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Sammons catching. Gonzalez pitching for Braves. Ryan singled to center. Miles hit for Franklin. Miles grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ryan safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Norton. Izturis singled to left, Ryan scored, Miles to third, Izturis to second advancing on throw. Stavinoha hit for Schumaker. Stavinoha hit sacrifice fly to left, Miles scored. Mather struck out swinging. Pujols intentionally walked. Ludwick walked, Izturis to third, Pujols to second. Glaus walked, Izturis scored, Pujols to third, Ludwick to second. Boyer pitching for Braves. Molina singled to center, Pujols and Ludwick scored, Glaus to second. Ryan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 9th. Stavinoha in left field. Mather in center field. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Blanco walked. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blanco safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Izturis. Kotsay popped out to shortstop. Escobar to second on fielder's indifference. Norton grounded out to first, Blanco scored, Escobar to third. Infante grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Cardinals 8 - Braves 3.	Pujols, Cards rally past Braves with five-run ninth