Braves - Top 1st. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco singled to center. Escobar flied out to right. Jones grounded into double play, third to second to first, Blanco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Campillo pitching for Braves. Drew homered to right. Jackson flied out to right. Hudson flied out to left. Reynolds grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. McCann flied out to center. Infante walked. Kotchman singled to right, Infante to second. Francoeur walked, Infante to third, Kotchman to second. Prado hit ground rule double to deep right center, Infante and Kotchman scored, Francoeur to third. Campillo struck out swinging. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Campillo pitching for Braves. Tracy flied out to left. Young struck out looking. Romero singled to center. Snyder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Escobar singled to center. Jones reached on infield single to shortstop, Escobar to second. Escobar to third, Jones to second on wild pitch by Davis. McCann lined out to second. Infante doubled to left, Escobar and Jones scored. Kotchman singled to left, Infante to third. Francoeur grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kotchman out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Campillo pitching for Braves. Davis struck out swinging. Drew grounded out to shortstop. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Prado tripled to deep center. Campillo grounded out to shortstop. Prado caught stealing home, to catcher. Blanco struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Campillo pitching for Braves. Hudson grounded out to pitcher. Reynolds flied out to center. Tracy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Escobar fouled out to right. Jones walked. McCann doubled to deep center, Jones scored. Infante walked. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark at first base. McCann to third, Infante to second on wild pitch by Buckner. Kotchman singled to center, McCann and Infante scored. Francoeur struck out looking. Prado doubled to deep right center, Kotchman scored. Campillo flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Campillo pitching for Braves. Young popped out to first. Romero tripled to deep right. Snyder hit sacrifice fly to right, Romero scored. Clark grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco popped out to shortstop. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Jones flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Campillo pitching for Braves. Drew singled to right. Jackson doubled to deep left, Drew to third. Hudson reached on infield single to pitcher, Drew scored, Jackson to third. Reynolds hit sacrifice fly to right, Jackson scored. Ojeda hit for Buckner. Ojeda grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Hudson out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks. McCann struck out swinging. Infante grounded out to third. Kotchman walked. Francoeur flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Campillo pitching for Braves. Young flied out to center. Romero doubled to deep right. Snyder doubled to deep center, Romero scored. Ohman pitching for Braves. Snyder to third on wild pitch by Ohman. Clark hit by pitch. Drew struck out swinging. Tavarez pitching for Braves. Jackson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks. Prado struck out looking. Johnson hit for Tavarez. Johnson struck out swinging. Blanco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Bennett pitching for Braves. Johnson at second base. Hudson struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. D'Antona hit for Rauch. D'Antona struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop. Jones homered to center, Escobar scored. McCann flied out to center. Infante walked. Kotchman flied out to center. Francoeur safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds, Infante to second. Bennett hit ground rule double to deep right, Infante scored, Francoeur to third. Johnson grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Bennett pitching for Braves. Young doubled to deep center. Romero struck out looking. Snyder grounded out to first, Young to third. Clark singled to right center, Young scored. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to second, Clark out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 11 - Diamondbacks 6.	Chipper hits a bomb in return as Braves cruise