Braves - Top 1st. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco walked. Escobar bunt popped into double play, pitcher to first, Blanco out at first. Jones singled to right. McCann homered to right, Jones scored. Kotchman flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Drew struck out swinging. Hudson struck out swinging. Jackson singled to center. Tracy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Infante singled to center. Kotsay singled to right, Infante to second. Johnson struck out looking. Jurrjens bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Infante out at third, Kotsay to second. Blanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jurrjens out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Reynolds struck out swinging. Romero grounded out to first. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Escobar singled to center. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to first, Escobar out at second. McCann flied into double play, left to first, Jones doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Montero grounded out to pitcher. Haren struck out looking. Drew doubled to deep center. Hudson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Kotchman struck out swinging. Infante struck out swinging. Kotsay singled to center. Kotsay to second on wild pitch by Haren. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Jackson flied out to right. Tracy doubled to left. Reynolds singled to center, Tracy to third. Romero grounded into fielder's choice to first, Tracy scored, Reynolds out at second. Romero stole second. Young walked. Montero struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Jurrjens grounded out to first. Blanco walked. Escobar struck out swinging. Jones walked, Blanco to second. McCann grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Haren grounded out to second. Drew tripled to deep center. Hudson walked. Jackson safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar, Drew scored, Hudson to third. Tracy hit sacrifice fly to center, Hudson scored. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jackson out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 6th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Kotchman lined out to right. Infante reached on infield single to third. Kotsay doubled to deep left, Infante to third. Johnson doubled to shallow right, Infante and Kotsay scored. Jurrjens singled to right, Johnson to third. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark at first base. Blanco walked, Jurrjens to second. Escobar hit by pitch, Johnson scored, Jurrjens to third, Blanco to second. Jones struck out swinging. McCann singled to shallow left, Jurrjens and Blanco scored, Escobar to third, Escobar scored, McCann to second on throwing error by pitcher Cruz. Ojeda at second base. McCann stole third, McCann scored on throwing error by pitcher Cruz. Kotchman popped out to third. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Romero grounded out to second. Young flied out to right. Montero doubled to left. Clark singled to center, Montero scored. Drew popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Infante flied out to center. Kotsay flied out to left. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Carlyle pitching for Braves. Ojeda grounded out to first. Jackson flied out to center. D'Antona hit for Cruz. D'Antona struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Carlyle singled to center. Blanco lined out to second. Escobar doubled to right, Carlyle scored, Escobar to third on throwing error by right fielder Romero. Jones hit sacrifice fly to center, Escobar scored. McCann grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Carlyle pitching for Braves. Reynolds struck out swinging. Romero popped out to third. Young fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Kotchman doubled to deep left center. Infante flied out to center. Kotsay grounded out to shortstop, Kotchman to third. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Nunez pitching for Braves. Montero singled to right. Clark walked, Montero to second. Drew flied out to left. Ojeda struck out swinging. Jackson out on batter's interference to catcher. Jackson batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 11 - Diamondbacks 4.	D-backs lose fourth straight