Marlins - Top 1st. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Ramirez grounded out to third. Gonzalez flied out to center. Cantu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Blanco flied out to center. Escobar walked. Jones doubled to deep left center, Escobar scored. Infante singled to center, Jones scored. Prado doubled to deep left, Infante to third. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Infante scored, Prado out at third. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Francoeur out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Willingham hit by pitch. Uggla flied out to center. Jacobs grounded out to first, Willingham to second. Ross homered to left, Willingham scored. Baker walked. Olsen grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Sammons flied out to left. Jurrjens grounded out to shortstop. Blanco reached on infield single to second. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blanco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Ramirez tripled to deep right. Gonzalez doubled to deep center, Ramirez scored. Cantu singled to center, Gonzalez to third. Willingham hit by pitch, Cantu to second. Uggla reached on infield single to first, Gonzalez scored, Cantu to third, Willingham to second. Jacobs grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Cantu scored, Uggla out at second, Willingham to third. Ross singled to center, Willingham scored. Baker struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Jones struck out swinging. Infante grounded out to second. Prado flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Olsen walked. Carlyle pitching for Braves. Ramirez walked, Olsen to second. Gonzalez struck out looking. Cantu flied out to center, Olsen to third. Willingham flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Francoeur struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. Sammons walked. Jones hit for Carlyle. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sammons out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Nunez pitching for Braves. Uggla flied out to right. Jacobs doubled to deep right. Ross popped out to shortstop. Baker intentionally walked. Olsen lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Blanco grounded out to second. Escobar flied out to center. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Nunez pitching for Braves. Ramirez grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Cantu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Hermida in right field. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Infante singled to right. Infante to second on wild pitch by Olsen. Prado grounded out to third. Francoeur walked. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Johnson struck out swinging. Sammons singled to right, Infante scored, Francoeur to second. Norton hit for Nunez. Norton lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Tavarez pitching for Braves. Willingham struck out swinging. Uggla walked. Jacobs homered to right center, Uggla scored. Ross struck out looking. Baker flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Cantu at first base. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Helms at third base. Blanco singled to center. Escobar walked, Blanco to second. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second, Blanco to third. Infante struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Bennett pitching for Braves. Helms grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez grounded out to third. Hermida singled to left. Cantu singled to center, Hermida to second. Willingham flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Prado walked. Francoeur singled to center, Prado to second. Rhodes pitching for Marlins. Johnson singled to center, Prado to third, Francoeur to second. Sammons flied out to center. McCann hit for Bennett. McCann popped out to shortstop. Blanco walked, Prado scored, Francoeur to third, Johnson to second. Nelson pitching for Marlins. Amezaga in center field. Ross in left field. Escobar walked, Francoeur scored, Johnson to third, Blanco to second. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Jones struck out swinging. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Infante batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Ohman pitching for Braves. Uggla flied out to center. Amezaga singled to center. Ross doubled to deep left center, Amezaga scored. Baker grounded out to shortstop, Ross to third. Helms struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Infante singled to left. Prado doubled to deep right, Infante scored. Francoeur singled to center, Prado scored. Johnson singled to left, Francoeur to third, Johnson to second advancing on throw. Sammons fouled out to first. Kotsay hit for Ohman. Kotsay intentionally walked. Blanco grounded into fielder's choice to second, Francoeur scored, Kotsay out at second, Johnson to third. Escobar singled to right, Johnson scored, Blanco to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 9 - Braves 10.	Braves rally in 9th, nip Marlins