Tigers - Top 1st . Beckett pitching for Dodgers . Davis flied out to left . Kinsler singled to left . Kinsler stole second . Cabrera walked . Kinsler stole third . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to left , Kinsler scored , Cabrera to second . Jackson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Gordon singled to center . Gordon caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Crawford hit ground rule double to deep left . Crawford to third on wild pitch by Sanchez . Ramirez walked . Gonzalez struck out looking , Ramirez stole second , Crawford scored , Ramirez to third on throwing error by catcher Martinez . Ethier reached on infield single to shortstop , Ramirez scored . Kemp struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 2nd . Beckett pitching for Dodgers . Castellanos struck out looking . Collins struck out swinging . Gonzalez safe at first on error by second baseman Gordon . Sanchez doubled to deep right center , Gonzalez scored . Davis grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Uribe singled to right . Uribe to second on passed ball by Martinez . Federowicz grounded out to shortstop , Uribe to third . Beckett sacrificed to pitcher , Uribe scored . Gordon reached on infield single to third . Gordon stole second . Crawford struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Beckett pitching for Dodgers . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to third . Martinez singled to left center . Jackson hit ground rule double to left , Martinez to third . Castellanos homered to center ( 411 feet ) , Martinez and Jackson scored . Collins flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Ramirez struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to right . Ethier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Beckett pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Sanchez struck out swinging . Davis hit by pitch . Davis stole second . Kinsler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Kemp struck out swinging . Uribe flied out to center . Federowicz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . League pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera singled to left center . Martinez singled to right , Cabrera to second . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second , Cabrera to third . Castellanos walked , Jackson to second . Collins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castellanos out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . League grounded out to second . Gordon grounded out to third . Crawford doubled to right . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . League pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez lined out to second . Holaday hit for Sanchez . Holaday struck out swinging . Davis safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez . Davis caught stealing second , catcher to second . Kinsler batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Ethier struck out swinging . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Kinsler singled to center . Cabrera struck out swinging . Kinsler to second on wild pitch by Wright , Kinsler safe at third on throwing error by catcher Federowicz . Martinez intentionally walked . Jackson hit sacrifice fly to center , Kinsler scored . Castellanos struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Uribe singled to left . Federowicz struck out looking . Turner hit for Wright . Turner grounded into double play , third to second to first , Uribe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers . Collins reached on infield single to third . Gonzalez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Collins out at second . Smyly struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . Crawford grounded out to second . Ramirez fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Maholm pitching for Dodgers . Davis singled to right . Kinsler grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Nathan pitching for Tigers . Gonzalez homered to center ( 427 feet ) . Ethier walked . Kemp walked , Ethier to second . Uribe singled to right center , Ethier to third , Kemp to second . Puig hit for Federowicz . Puig struck out looking . Van Slyke hit for Maholm . Van Slyke grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ethier scored , Uribe out at second , Kemp to third . Gordon singled to right , Kemp scored , Van Slyke to second . Crawford flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 10th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Butera catching . Van Slyke in left field . Martinez homered to right center ( 408 feet ) . Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop . Castellanos flied out to right . Collins singled to left , Jackson to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Kelly hit for Nathan . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Kelly struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 10th . Cabrera at third base . Martinez at first base . Avila catching . Chamberlain pitching for Tigers . Ramirez reached on infield single to pitcher . Krol pitching for Tigers . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Ethier struck out swinging . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Kemp grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 7 - Dodgers 6 .	V - Mart 's shot lifts Tigers by Dodgers