Tigers - Top 1st . Correia pitching for Twins . Kinsler grounded out to third . Hunter popped out to second . Cabrera singled to center . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Dozier popped out to first . Mauer lined out to left . Plouffe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Correia pitching for Twins . Jackson safe at second on error by right fielder Colabello . Castellanos homered to right ( 365 feet ) , Jackson scored . Avila singled to center . Romine doubled to deep center , Avila thrown out at home , Romine to third advancing on throw . Davis grounded out to first . Kinsler grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Colabello grounded out to shortstop . Kubel hit ground rule double to left . Pinto reached on infield single to pitcher , Kubel to third . Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to left , Kubel scored . Fuld singled to left center , Pinto to second . Florimon struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Correia pitching for Twins . Hunter doubled to deep right . Cabrera grounded out to second , Hunter to third . Martinez singled to right , Hunter scored . Jackson doubled to deep center , Martinez to third . Castellanos singled to center , Martinez scored , Jackson to third . Avila walked , Castellanos to second . Romine walked , Jackson scored , Castellanos to third , Avila to second . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Davis singled to right , Castellanos scored , Avila to third , Romine to second . Kinsler reached on infield single to third , Avila scored , Romine to third , Davis to second . Hunter singled to right , Romine and Davis scored , Kinsler to second , Kinsler to third advancing on throw . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hunter out at second . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Dozier lined out to third . Mauer grounded out to pitcher . Plouffe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Martinez lined out to left . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Castellanos grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Colabello struck out looking . Kubel flied out to left . Pinto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Avila grounded out to first . Romine flied out to left . Davis singled to left . Kinsler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Holaday catching . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Suzuki lined out to center . Fuld singled to left center . Florimon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Fuld out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Hunter doubled to deep left . Cabrera singled to deep right , Hunter scored . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cabrera out at second . Tonkin pitching for Twins . Jackson lined out to center . Castellanos flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Dozier homered to left ( 387 feet ) . Mauer singled to left . Plouffe walked , Mauer to second . Miller pitching for Tigers . Colabello singled to center , Mauer scored , Plouffe to second . Kubel doubled to deep center , Plouffe scored , Colabello to third . Pinto popped out to shortstop . Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to right , Colabello scored . Krol pitching for Tigers . Fuld struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Tonkin pitching for Twins . Holaday grounded out to shortstop . Romine struck out looking . Davis singled to center . Davis stole second . Kinsler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Krol pitching for Tigers . Florimon grounded out to pitcher . Dozier flied out to right . Mauer safe at first on error by second baseman Kinsler . Reed pitching for Tigers . Plouffe doubled to deep right , Mauer scored . Colabello struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 8th . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Hunter flied out to center . Cabrera flied out to right . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Reed pitching for Tigers . Kubel singled to center . Pinto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kubel out at second . Suzuki walked , Pinto to second . Chamberlain pitching for Tigers . Fuld grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Suzuki out at second , Pinto to third . Herrmann hit for Florimon . Herrmann fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Escobar at shortstop . Fien pitching for Twins . Jackson popped out to second . Castellanos grounded out to second . Holaday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Nathan pitching for Tigers . Dozier grounded out to second . Mauer singled to left . Plouffe struck out looking . Mauer to second on fielder 's indifference . Colabello grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 10 - Twins 6 .	Tigers ride big 3rd inning to 10 - 6 win over Twins