Twins - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Santana grounded out to first . Fuld struck out looking . Mauer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Deduno pitching for Twins . Kinsler flied out to left . Hunter doubled to left . Cabrera grounded out to third . Martinez reached on infield single to second , Hunter to third . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Willingham walked . Morales singled to right , Willingham to third . Arcia struck out swinging . Plouffe hit sacrifice fly to right , Willingham scored . Fryer flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Deduno pitching for Twins . Jackson struck out swinging . Castellanos flied out to center . Avila grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Escobar lined out to third . Santana flied out to center . Fuld struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Deduno pitching for Twins . Suarez homered to left center ( 434 feet ) . Kinsler walked . Kinsler stole second . Hunter doubled to left , Kinsler scored . Cabrera singled to center , Hunter scored . Martinez homered to right ( 356 feet ) , Cabrera scored . Martinez lined out to third . Jackson struck out swinging . Castellanos singled to right . Avila walked , Castellanos to second . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Suarez doubled to center , Castellanos scored , Avila to third . Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop , Avila scored , Suarez to third . Hunter grounded out to third . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Mauer lined out to shortstop . Willingham struck out swinging . Morales grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Nunez at third base . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Cabrera doubled to deep right . Martinez flied out to right , Cabrera to third . Martinez singled to left , Cabrera scored . Jackson lined into double play , second to first , Martinez doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Arcia grounded out to second . Nunez popped out to second . Fryer reached on infield single to shortstop . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Castellanos struck out looking . Avila walked . Suarez walked , Avila to second . Kinsler doubled to deep left center , Avila scored , Suarez to third . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Hunter hit sacrifice fly to center , Suarez scored . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Santana singled to right . Fuld struck out looking . Mauer grounded out to second , Santana to second . Parmelee hit for Willingham . Parmelee grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Parmelee in left field . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Martinez flied out to right . Martinez doubled to deep left . Jackson lined out to center . Castellanos singled to center , Martinez scored . Avila flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Morales walked . Arcia struck out swinging . Morales to second on wild pitch by Sanchez . Nunez tripled to deep center , Morales scored . Reed pitching for Tigers . Nunez scored on Avila 's passed ball . Fryer singled to right , Fryer to third on error by right fielder Hunter . Escobar walked . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fryer scored , Escobar out at second . Fuld singled to right , Santana to third . Coke pitching for Tigers . Mauer flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Suarez tripled to deep right . Kinsler singled to left center , Suarez scored . Hunter lined out to second . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Martinez doubled to deep left , Kinsler to third . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Parmelee singled to center . Morales grounded out to third , Parmelee to second . Arcia struck out swinging . Nunez singled to second , Parmelee to third . Fryer singled to right , Parmelee scored , Nunez to second . Escobar singled to right , Nunez to third , Fryer to second . Santana singled to right center , Nunez and Fryer scored , Escobar to second . Fuld walked , Escobar to third , Santana to second . Krol pitching for Tigers . Mauer grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Dozier at second base . Escobar at third base . Duensing pitching for Twins . Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop . Castellanos singled to center , Jackson to second . Avila flied out to left . Suarez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castellanos out at second , Jackson to third . Kinsler flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Krol pitching for Tigers . Parmelee walked . Morales flied out to right . Arcia struck out swinging . Dozier homered to left ( 384 feet ) , Parmelee scored . Fryer struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 9 - Tigers 12 .	Twins ' Plouffe ( oblique ) , Nunez hurt in loss