Royals - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . Infante grounded out to shortstop . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Royals . Davis singled to right . Kinsler popped out to shortstop . Davis stole second . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Martinez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Butler walked . Gordon singled to right , Butler to second . Perez struck out swinging . Cain flied into double play , center to second to shortstop , Butler doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Royals . Hunter grounded out to third . Jackson struck out swinging . Castellanos grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Moustakas flied out to left . Escobar flied out to left . Aoki hit by pitch . Infante flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Royals . Avila singled to right . Suarez sacrificed to first , Avila to second . Davis doubled to deep left center , Avila scored . Kinsler singled to left , Davis to third . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kinsler out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Hosmer reached on infield single to shortstop . Butler grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hosmer out at second . Gordon singled to right . Perez singled to right , Gordon to third . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Perez out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Royals . Martinez singled to right center . Hunter singled to right , Martinez to second . Martinez ran for Hunter . Jackson singled to center , Martinez scored , Martinez out at third . Castellanos flied out to left . Avila struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Martinez in right field . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Moustakas flied out to left . Escobar doubled to left . Aoki singled to right , Escobar to third . Infante singled to left , Escobar scored , Aoki to second . Hosmer reached on infield single to shortstop , Aoki to third , Infante to second . Butler doubled to deep center , Aoki , Infante and Hosmer scored . Gordon struck out swinging . Perez singled to left , Butler thrown out at home . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Royals . Suarez popped out to shortstop . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Cain doubled to deep right . Moustakas sacrificed to first , Cain to third . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cain out at home , Escobar to second . Escobar stole third . Aoki walked . Infante homered to left ( 392 feet ) , Escobar and Aoki scored . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Vargas pitching for Royals . Cabrera walked . Martinez grounded out to third , Cabrera to second . Martinez flied out to center . Jackson walked . Castellanos grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Reed pitching for Tigers . Butler singled to left . Gordon doubled to deep right center , Butler to third . Perez safe at first on error by shortstop Suarez . Hayes ran for Perez . Cain singled to left , Butler scored , Gordon to third , Hayes to second . Moustakas grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gordon and Hayes scored on throwing error by pitcher Reed , Cain safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Reed . Escobar singled to left , Cain scored , Moustakas to third . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Aoki struck out swinging . Infante struck out swinging . Hosmer grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Hayes catching . Vargas pitching for Royals . Avila grounded out to shortstop . Suarez fouled out to right . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Romine at second base . Kelly at first base . Holaday catching . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Butler grounded out to shortstop . Gordon grounded out to third . Hayes walked . Cain reached on infield single to third , Hayes to second . Moustakas walked , Hayes to third , Cain to second . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moustakas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Ciriaco at second base . Collins pitching for Royals . Kelly walked . Holaday singled to left , Kelly to second . Martinez flied out to left . Martinez struck out swinging . Jackson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . Ciriaco grounded out to second . Hosmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Joseph pitching for Royals . Castellanos doubled to deep right . Romine singled to right , Castellanos to third . Suarez walked , Romine to second . Davis singled to left , Castellanos scored , Romine to third , Suarez to second . Kelly struck out swinging . Holaday struck out swinging . Martinez reached on infield single to third , Romine scored , Suarez to third , Davis to second . Martinez homered to left ( 393 feet ) , Suarez , Davis and Martinez scored . Mariot pitching for Royals . Jackson struck out looking . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 11 - Tigers 8 .	Royals rip Verlander , win 8th in row