Tigers - Top 1st . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Kinsler popped out to second . Jackson struck out swinging . Cabrera homered to right center ( 393 feet ) . Martinez walked . Martinez walked , Martinez to second . Castellanos lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Bourn walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . Brantley singled to right center , Bourn to second . Kipnis struck out swinging . Santana struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Avila struck out swinging . Romine grounded out to second . Davis popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Chisenhall flied out to left . Swisher struck out swinging . Murphy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Kinsler doubled to deep left . Jackson grounded out to shortstop , Kinsler to third . Cabrera singled to left center , Kinsler scored . Martinez struck out swinging . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Gomes singled to center . Bourn walked , Gomes to second . Cabrera struck out looking . Brantley popped out to shortstop . Kipnis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Castellanos doubled to deep center . Avila struck out swinging . Castellanos to third on wild pitch by Tomlin . Romine struck out looking . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Santana grounded out to second . Chisenhall flied out to left . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Kinsler singled to left . Kinsler stole second . Jackson singled to right , Kinsler to third . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kinsler scored , Jackson safe at second on missed catch error by shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera . Martinez safe at first on error by center fielder Bourn , Jackson to third , Cabrera to second . Martinez doubled to deep center , Jackson and Cabrera scored , Martinez to third . Castellanos doubled to deep left , Martinez and Martinez scored . Crockett pitching for Indians . Avila grounded out to second , Castellanos to third . Romine singled to right center , Castellanos scored . Axford pitching for Indians . Davis grounded out to second , Romine to second . Kinsler singled to left , Romine scored . Jackson walked , Kinsler to second . Cabrera grounded out to second . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Murphy flied out to center . Gomes singled to left . Bourn grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gomes out at second . Cabrera singled to left , Bourn to third . Brantley doubled to deep right , Bourn scored , Cabrera to third . Kipnis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Martinez flied out to center . Martinez flied out to right . Castellanos walked . Avila doubled to deep center , Castellanos scored . Romine grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Santana struck out swinging . Chisenhall lined out to pitcher . Swisher doubled to deep left . Murphy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Kottaras catching . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Davis grounded out to third . Kinsler struck out swinging . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Kottaras struck out swinging . Bourn grounded out to first . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Kelly hit for Cabrera . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Kelly struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to third . Martinez safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Chisenhall . Lowe pitching for Indians . Castellanos struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 8th . Kelly at first base . McCoy pitching for Tigers . Brantley struck out swinging . Kipnis lined out to shortstop . Santana singled to left . Chisenhall grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Lowe pitching for Indians . Avila singled to right . Romine grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Avila out at second . Shaw pitching for Indians . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Romine out at second . Suarez hit for Kinsler . Suarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Suarez at shortstop . Romine at second base . Smith pitching for Tigers . Swisher struck out swinging . Murphy lined out to shortstop . Kottaras singled to center . Bourn singled to center , Kottaras to second . Cabrera singled to right , Kottaras scored , Bourn to third . Brantley doubled to deep left , Bourn and Cabrera scored . Kipnis struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 10 - Indians 4 .	Scherzer , Cabrera and Tigers sweep Indians