Dodgers - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Gordon struck out swinging . Puig walked . Ramirez singled to left , Puig to second . Gonzalez doubled to deep right , Puig and Ramirez scored . Kemp singled to center , Gonzalez scored . Ethier flied out to center . Uribe homered to left ( 364 feet ) , Kemp scored . Ellis grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Jackson walked . Kinsler flied out to left . Cabrera struck out looking . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Rojas flied out to left . Gordon fouled out to shortstop . Puig flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Hunter doubled to deep right . Castellanos singled to right , Hunter to third . Avila singled to right , Hunter scored , Castellanos to second . Suarez singled to left , Castellanos to third , Avila to second . Davis reached on infield single to shortstop , Castellanos scored , Avila to third , Suarez to second . Avila scored , Suarez to third , Davis to second on wild pitch by Ryu . Jackson struck out looking . Kinsler singled to left center , Suarez scored , Davis to third . Cabrera singled to center , Davis scored , Kinsler to second . Martinez singled to shallow center , Kinsler to third , Cabrera to second . Hunter grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . 5 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Ramirez flied out to right . Gonzalez struck out looking . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Castellanos doubled to left . Avila walked . Suarez sacrificed to pitcher , Castellanos to third , Avila to second . Davis singled to right , Castellanos scored , Avila to third . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Jackson hit sacrifice fly to center , Avila scored . Kinsler struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Ethier grounded out to pitcher . Uribe flied out to left . Ellis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera singled to center . Martinez singled to shallow center , Cabrera to third . Hunter walked , Martinez to second . Castellanos singled to right , Cabrera scored , Martinez to third , Hunter to second . Avila walked , Martinez scored , Hunter to third , Castellanos to second . Suarez singled to left , Hunter scored , Castellanos to third , Avila to second . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Davis hit sacrifice fly to left , Castellanos scored . Jackson hit by pitch , Avila to third , Suarez to second . Kinsler grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Jackson out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Rojas grounded out to pitcher . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Puig flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera grounded out to third . Martinez tripled to deep right center . Hunter singled to right , Martinez scored . Castellanos struck out swinging , Hunter stole second . Maholm pitching for Dodgers . Avila lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Ramirez walked . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Kemp reached on infield single to third , Ramirez to second . Ethier hit into fielder 's choice to left , Ramirez out at third , Kemp to second . Uribe popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Maholm pitching for Dodgers . Suarez grounded out to third . Davis reached on infield single to third . Jackson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Ellis walked . Rojas struck out swinging . Gordon lined out to right . Puig popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Maholm pitching for Dodgers . Kinsler singled to center . Cabrera tripled to deep right center , Kinsler scored . Martinez popped out to first . Hunter singled to shallow left , Cabrera scored . Castellanos struck out swinging . Avila struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Kelly at first base . Krol pitching for Tigers . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . Van Slyke hit for Gonzalez . Van Slyke grounded out to shortstop . Kemp singled to left . Ethier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Van Slyke at first base . Baez pitching for Dodgers . Suarez lined out to left . Davis grounded out to second . Jackson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Romine at second base . Holaday catching . Smith pitching for Tigers . Uribe singled to center . Ellis fouled out to first . Rojas grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Uribe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 5 - Tigers 14 .	Tigers slug their way past Dodgers for 14 - 5 win