White Sox - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Eaton grounded out to first . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Jackson flied out to center . Davis singled to center . Kinsler struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to right , Davis to second . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Dunn walked . Viciedo struck out swinging . Gillaspie flied out to left . Beckham flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Hunter singled to right . Martinez tripled to deep right , Hunter scored . Holaday hit sacrifice fly to left , Martinez scored . Suarez singled to center . Jackson singled to left center , Suarez to second . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jackson out at second , Suarez to third . Kinsler popped out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . De Aza flied out to right . Flowers struck out swinging . Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop , Eaton to second on throwing error by shortstop Suarez . Ramirez lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Martinez singled to left center . Hunter flied out to center . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Abreu singled to right . Dunn struck out looking . Viciedo reached on infield single to shortstop , Abreu to second . Gillaspie singled to right center , Abreu scored , Viciedo to third . Beckham hit sacrifice fly to left , Viciedo scored . Gillaspie caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . De Aza batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Holaday flied out to right . Romine hit for Suarez . Romine singled to right . Romine caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Jackson walked . Davis fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Romine at shortstop . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . De Aza fouled out to third . Flowers struck out swinging . Eaton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Kinsler struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to center . Martinez singled to center . Hunter flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Abreu walked . Dunn struck out swinging . Viciedo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Holaday walked . Romine grounded into double play , third to second to first , Holaday out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Gillaspie singled to deep right . Beckham safe at first on error by third baseman Cabrera , Gillaspie to second . De Aza popped out to shortstop . Flowers singled to left , Gillaspie to third , Beckham to second , Gillaspie scored on error by left fielder Davis . Soria pitching for Tigers . Eaton singled to left center , Beckham to third , Flowers to second . Ramirez doubled to deep right center , Beckham , Flowers and Eaton scored . Abreu homered to left ( 388 feet ) , Ramirez scored . Dunn homered to right ( 384 feet ) . Viciedo grounded out to second . Gillaspie singled to right . Beckham singled to right , Gillaspie to second . Krol pitching for Tigers . De Aza grounded out to second . 7 Runs , 8 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for White Sox . Jackson hit by pitch . Davis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jackson out at second . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Krol pitching for Tigers . Flowers singled to right . Eaton singled to right , Flowers to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Eaton out at second , Flowers to third . Abreu doubled to deep right , Flowers and Ramirez scored . Dunn flied out to right , Abreu to third . Viciedo intentionally walked . Gillaspie struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Sierra in right field . Thompson pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to center . Martinez singled to left , Cabrera to third . Hunter hit by pitch , Martinez to second . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera scored , Hunter out at second , Martinez to third . Holaday singled to center , Martinez scored . Romine grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Tigers . Beckham struck out swinging . De Aza flied out to left . Flowers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Davis flied out to right . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 11 - Tigers 4 .	Abreu hits 31st homer , White Sox pound Tigers