Tigers - Top 1st . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Davis doubled to right . Kinsler flied out to right , Davis to third . Cabrera fouled out to first . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Reyes flied out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . Bautista walked . Navarro singled to center , Bautista to third . Valencia singled to left , Bautista scored , Navarro to second . Rasmus struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Hunter singled to left . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hunter out at second . Avila struck out swinging , Martinez stole second , Martinez to third on throwing error by catcher Thole . Castellanos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Kawasaki safe at second on error by left fielder Martinez . Thole sacrificed to third , Kawasaki to third . Goins reached on bunt single to pitcher , Kawasaki scored . Reyes singled to shallow right , Goins to second . Cabrera singled to shallow left , Goins scored , Reyes to second , Reyes to third on error by left fielder Martinez . Bautista singled to right center , Reyes scored , Cabrera to second . Navarro flied out to left . Valencia flied out to right . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 3rd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Suarez walked . Davis doubled to right , Suarez to third . Kinsler singled to center , Suarez and Davis scored . Cabrera fouled out to first . Martinez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Kinsler out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Rasmus reached on bunt single to shortstop . Kawasaki sacrificed to pitcher , Rasmus to second . Thole flied out to right . Goins grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Hunter struck out looking . Martinez grounded out to third . Avila walked . Castellanos walked , Avila to second . Suarez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castellanos out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Reyes grounded out to first . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Bautista safe at first on error by third baseman Castellanos . Navarro singled to shallow center , Bautista to second . Valencia fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 5th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Davis grounded out to second . Kinsler singled to center . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Kinsler to second . Martinez walked . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Rasmus flied out to right . Kawasaki singled to center . Thole struck out swinging . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Goins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Martinez struck out swinging . Avila struck out swinging . Castellanos grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Reyes bunt grounded out to catcher . Cabrera flied out to left . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Suarez flied out to center . Davis grounded out to third . Kinsler popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Navarro reached on infield single to third . Valencia singled to left , Navarro to second . Rasmus struck out swinging . Tolleson hit for Kawasaki . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Tolleson lined out to third . Navarro to third , Valencia to second on balk by Alburquerque . Thole flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Tolleson at third base . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Martinez flied out to center . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Goins grounded out to second . Reyes struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Gose in left field . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Martinez doubled to center . Avila grounded out to first , Martinez to third . Castellanos homered to left ( 402 feet ) , Martinez scored . Suarez homered to center ( 421 feet ) . Davis flied out to center . Kinsler doubled to left . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Davis in left field . Carrera in center field . Kelly at third base . Nathan pitching for Tigers . Bautista singled to center . Navarro flied out to right . Valencia struck out swinging . Rasmus walked , Bautista to second . Francisco hit for Tolleson . Francisco walked , Bautista to third , Rasmus to second . Thole fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 5 - Blue Jays 4 .	Tigers rally to beat Blue Jays 5 - 4