Mariners - Top 1st . Price pitching for Tigers . Jackson flied out to right . Ackley struck out swinging . Cano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Kinsler struck out swinging . Carrera flied out to left . Cabrera singled to right . Martinez singled to left , Cabrera to second . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Price pitching for Tigers . Morales walked . Denorfia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Morales out at second . Seager lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Martinez reached on infield single to shortstop . Castellanos struck out swinging . Martinez stole second . Avila singled to right , Martinez to third . Suarez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez scored , Avila out at second . Kinsler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Price pitching for Tigers . Zunino struck out swinging . Morrison grounded out to second . Taylor lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Carrera flied out to right . Cabrera hit by pitch . Martinez flied out to left . Hunter singled to center , Cabrera to second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hunter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Price pitching for Tigers . Jackson doubled to deep right . Ackley flied out to center , Jackson to third . Cano grounded out to first , Jackson scored . Morales grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Castellanos homered to left ( 412 feet ) . Avila grounded out to shortstop . Suarez grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Price pitching for Tigers . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . Seager grounded out to second . Zunino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Carrera flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Martinez singled to left . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Price pitching for Tigers . Morrison grounded out to second . Taylor struck out swinging . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Martinez flied out to center . Castellanos safe at first on error by shortstop Taylor . Avila flied out to left . Suarez reached on infield single to third , Castellanos to second . Castellanos to third , Suarez to second on passed ball by Zunino . Kinsler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 7th . Price pitching for Tigers . Ackley struck out swinging . Cano grounded out to second . Morales reached on infield single to shortstop . Denorfia flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Carrera popped out to second . Cabrera doubled to deep left center . Martinez intentionally walked . Hunter struck out swinging . Martinez singled to left , Cabrera scored , Martinez to second . Castellanos singled to center , Martinez scored , Martinez to third . Beimel pitching for Mariners . Avila struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Price pitching for Tigers . Seager walked . Zunino struck out swinging . Morrison singled to right , Seager to second . Taylor walked , Seager to third , Morrison to second . Jackson struck out swinging . Ackley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Taylor out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Mariners . Suarez grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler singled to center . Carrera flied out to left . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Davis in left field . Kelly at third base . Nathan pitching for Tigers . Cano singled to right . Morales grounded out to pitcher , Cano to third . Chavez hit for Denorfia . Chavez singled to left center , Cano scored . Seager grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Chavez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 2 - Tigers 4 .	Price wins duel as Hernandez exits early