Yankees - Top 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Ellsbury grounded out to second . Jeter singled to right . McCann grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jeter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . McCarthy pitching for Yankees . Kinsler grounded out to third . Hunter doubled to deep left . Cabrera grounded out to third . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Teixeira grounded out to second . Beltran grounded out to first . Prado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . McCarthy pitching for Yankees . Martinez singled to left center . Castellanos walked , Martinez to second . Avila flied out to center , Martinez to third . Suarez hit by pitch , Castellanos to second . Davis walked , Martinez scored , Castellanos to third , Suarez to second . Kinsler grounded into double play , third to first , Suarez out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Drew grounded out to second . Headley grounded out to first . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Ellsbury singled to right , Suzuki to second . Jeter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Yankees . Hunter struck out swinging . Cabrera doubled to deep left center . Martinez grounded out to first , Cabrera to third . Martinez singled to center , Cabrera scored . Castellanos fouled out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . McCann singled to right center . Teixeira flied out to center . Beltran singled to right center , McCann to second . Prado grounded into fielders choice , Beltran out at second , McCann to third . Drew flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . McCarthy pitching for Yankees . Avila grounded out to second . Suarez struck out swinging . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Headley flied out to center . Suzuki grounded out to second . Ellsbury homered to right ( 397 feet ) . Jeter grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . McCarthy pitching for Yankees . Kinsler struck out swinging . Hunter grounded out to second . Cabrera lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . McCann struck out swinging . Teixeira lined out to third . Beltran singled to left center . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltran out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . McCarthy pitching for Yankees . Martinez singled to right . Martinez doubled to deep left , Martinez to third . Castellanos singled to right center , Martinez scored , Martinez to third . Avila grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martinez scored , Castellanos out at second . Suarez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Drew flied out to center . Headley grounded out to second . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . McCarthy pitching for Yankees . Davis doubled to left . Kinsler grounded out to third , Davis to third . Hunter singled to left , Davis scored . Rogers pitching for Yankees . Cabrera struck out swinging . Martinez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Ellsbury homered to right ( 359 feet ) . Jeter reached on infield single to second . McCann grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Jeter out at second . Teixeira popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Rogers pitching for Yankees . Martinez flied out to center . Castellanos struck out swinging . Avila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Kelly at third base . Carrera in center field . Davis in left field . Nathan pitching for Tigers . Beltran struck out swinging . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Drew grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 2 - Tigers 5 .	Porcello , Tigers snap Yankees ' streak at 5