Tigers - Top 1st . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Davis fouled out to first . Kinsler grounded out to third . Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hunter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Eaton safe at second on error by left fielder Martinez . Sanchez struck out swinging . Abreu grounded out to first , Eaton to third . Garcia walked . Gillaspie singled to left , Eaton scored , Garcia to third . Viciedo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garcia scored , Gillaspie safe at second on error by shortstop Suarez . Wilkins struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Castellanos lined out to center . Kelly walked . Suarez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Flowers singled to right . Garcia bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Flowers out at second . Eaton doubled to left , Garcia to third . Sanchez safe at first on error by first baseman Kelly , Garcia scored , Eaton to third . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Eaton scored , Sanchez safe at third on error by third baseman Castellanos . Garcia singled to center , Sanchez scored , Abreu to second . Gillaspie struck out swinging . Viciedo struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Holaday flied out to center . Davis grounded out to second . Kinsler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Wilkins struck out swinging . Flowers flied out to right . Garcia singled to right . Eaton lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Hunter singled to center . Martinez grounded out to shortstop , Hunter to second . Martinez flied into double play , center to second , Hunter doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Sanchez grounded out to third . Abreu singled to left . Garcia grounded out to pitcher , Abreu to second . Gillaspie lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Castellanos singled to right . Kelly popped out to first . Suarez struck out swinging . Holaday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Viciedo popped out to second . Wilkins flied out to right . Flowers doubled to deep right . Garcia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Davis doubled to right . Kinsler doubled to left , Davis scored . Hunter flied out to center . Martinez singled to deep left , Kinsler scored . Martinez struck out looking . Martinez to second on wild pitch by Quintana . Castellanos struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Eaton grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez singled to right . Abreu flied out to right . Garcia doubled to deep left , Sanchez scored . Gillaspie flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Kelly flied out to left . Suarez flied out to center . Holaday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Viciedo singled to center . Sierra ran for Viciedo . Wilkins struck out swinging , Sierra stole second , Sierra to third on throwing error by catcher Holaday . Flowers struck out looking . Coke pitching for Tigers . Garcia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 8th . Sierra in left field . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Davis lined out to third . Kinsler struck out swinging . Hunter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Eaton struck out swinging . Sanchez singled to center . Reed pitching for Tigers . Abreu hit by pitch , Sanchez to second . Garcia struck out swinging , Sanchez stole third , Abreu stole second . Gillaspie flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Martinez grounded out to first . Martinez struck out swinging . Castellanos lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 2 - White Sox 6 .	Tigers commit 4 errors in loss to White Sox