Blue Jays - Top 1st. Archer pitching for Rays. Reyes struck out swinging. Kawasaki struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Jennings singled to right. Zobrist singled to right, Jennings to second. Guyer reached on bunt single to pitcher, Jennings to third, Zobrist to second. Longoria hit sacrifice fly to right, Jennings scored, Zobrist to third. Loney grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Guyer out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Archer pitching for Rays. Bautista struck out looking. Navarro lined out to left. Reimold struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to center. Molina singled to left. Forsythe doubled to right, Molina to third. Jennings walked. Zobrist flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Kiermaier in center field. Archer pitching for Rays. Rasmus singled to right. Johnson walked, Rasmus to second. Francisco struck out swinging. Reyes singled to left, Rasmus to third, Johnson to second. Kawasaki singled to right, Rasmus scored, Johnson to third, Reyes to second. Cabrera reached on infield single to second, Johnson scored, Reyes to third, Kawasaki to second. Bautista hit sacrifice fly to right, Reyes scored, Kawasaki to third. Navarro grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Guyer singled to center. Longoria struck out swinging. Loney popped out to shortstop. Rodriguez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Archer pitching for Rays. Reimold walked. Rasmus fouled out to right, Reimold to second. Johnson walked. Francisco grounded out to second, Reimold to third, Johnson to second. Mastroianni ran for Reimold. Reyes singled to right, Mastroianni and Johnson scored. Kawasaki struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Mastroianni in right field. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Escobar flied out to center. Molina struck out looking. Forsythe singled to right. Kiermaier singled to center, Forsythe to second. Zobrist singled to left, Forsythe scored, Kiermaier to third, Zobrist to second advancing on throw. Guyer flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Archer pitching for Rays. Cabrera singled to right. Bautista flied out to left. Navarro flied out to right. Cabrera caught stealing second, catcher to second. Mastroianni batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Longoria flied out to right. Loney flied out to center. Rodriguez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Ramos pitching for Rays. Mastroianni flied out to right. Rasmus grounded out to second. Johnson walked. Francisco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays. Escobar singled to right. Molina flied out to left. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop, Escobar to second. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Kiermaier grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Ramos pitching for Rays. Reyes grounded out to second. Kawasaki grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Tolleson at second base. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Zobrist flied out to center. Guyer grounded out to shortstop. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Longoria walked. Loney walked, Longoria to second. Rodriguez homered to left (436 feet), Longoria and Loney scored. Escobar walked. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Molina struck out looking. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Boxberger pitching for Rays. Bautista singled to center. Navarro grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Bautista out at second. Mastroianni reached on infield single to first. Rasmus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Forsythe flied out to center. Kiermaier struck out looking. Zobrist struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Balfour pitching for Rays. Johnson walked. Francisco struck out swinging. Reyes doubled to deep right, Johnson to third. Tolleson singled to right, Johnson and Reyes scored. Cabrera walked, Tolleson to second. Tolleson to third, Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Balfour. Bautista singled to right, Tolleson scored, Cabrera to third. Yates pitching for Rays. Navarro flied out to right. Mastroianni flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 9th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Guyer grounded out to shortstop. Longoria flied out to right. Loney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 8 - Rays 5.	Tolleson's 2-run single helps Blue Jays beat Rays