Blue Jays - Top 1st. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Reyes popped out to second. Cabrera grounded out to first. Bautista walked. Johnson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Kiermaier doubled to right center. Zobrist flied out to center, Kiermaier to third. Joyce hit sacrifice fly to center, Kiermaier scored. Longoria lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Navarro struck out swinging. Rasmus tripled to center. Francisco hit sacrifice fly to left, Rasmus scored. Tolleson popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Loney singled to center. Guyer struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to right. Molina fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Gose flied out to left. Reyes flied out to left. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez popped out to shortstop. Kiermaier walked. Zobrist walked, Kiermaier to second. Joyce grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kiermaier out at third, Zobrist to second. Longoria grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Bautista safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Rodriguez. Johnson reached on infield single to pitcher, Bautista to third. Navarro singled to center, Bautista scored, Johnson to second. Rasmus struck out swinging. Francisco struck out swinging. Tolleson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Navarro out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Bottom 4th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Loney singled to left. Guyer struck out swinging. Escobar singled to left, Loney to second. Molina singled to center, Loney scored, Escobar to third. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Molina stole second. Kiermaier struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Gose bunt grounded out to pitcher. Reyes singled to right, Reyes out stretching at second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Zobrist struck out looking. Joyce popped out to shortstop. Longoria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Bautista struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. Navarro grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Loney walked. Guyer singled to left, Loney to second. Escobar walked, Loney to third, Guyer to second. Molina struck out swinging. Figueroa hit for Rodriguez. Figueroa walked, Loney scored, Guyer to third, Escobar to second. Happ pitching for Blue Jays. Kiermaier singled to left, Guyer and Escobar scored, Figueroa to second. Zobrist singled to left, Figueroa scored, Kiermaier to third, Zobrist to second advancing on throw. Joyce singled to left, Kiermaier and Zobrist scored. Longoria popped out to third. Loney struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Figueroa at second base. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Rasmus grounded out to first. Francisco hit ground rule double to deep center. Tolleson struck out looking. Gose singled to right, Francisco scored. Reyes walked, Gose to second. Peralta pitching for Rays. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Santos pitching for Blue Jays. Guyer doubled to deep left. Escobar singled to left, Guyer to third. Escobar to second on wild pitch by Santos. Molina walked. Figueroa struck out swinging. Kiermaier singled to right, Guyer scored, Escobar to third, Molina to second. Zobrist hit sacrifice fly to center, Escobar scored. Joyce walked, Molina to third, Kiermaier to second. Longoria popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Peralta pitching for Rays. Bautista flied out to left. Johnson struck out swinging. Navarro doubled to deep right. Oviedo pitching for Rays. Rasmus fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Loney struck out swinging. Guyer walked. Escobar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guyer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Bedard pitching for Rays. Mastroianni hit for Francisco. Mastroianni singled to right. Tolleson singled to left, Mastroianni to second. Kratz hit for Gose. Kratz flied out to center, Mastroianni to third. Reyes popped out to pitcher. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 3 - Rays 10.	Odorizzi fills in for ill Price, aids in Rays' win