Yankees - Top 1st. Cobb pitching for Rays. Gardner struck out looking. Jeter struck out swinging. Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. McCarthy pitching for Yankees. Jennings singled to right. Jennings stole second. Zobrist singled to right, Jennings to third. Joyce walked, Zobrist to second. Longoria grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jennings scored, Joyce out at second, Zobrist to third. Loney grounded into fielder's choice to second, Zobrist scored, Longoria out at second. Forsythe struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Cobb pitching for Rays. Teixeira reached on infield single to shortstop. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Teixeira out at second. Headley grounded into double play, second to third to first, Beltran out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Yankees. Escobar struck out swinging. Casali struck out swinging. Kiermaier safe at first on error by second baseman Drew. Jennings grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kiermaier out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 3rd. Cobb pitching for Rays. Drew singled to center. Prado flied out to left. Cervelli struck out swinging. Gardner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Yankees. Zobrist lined out to center. Joyce struck out swinging. Longoria grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Cobb pitching for Rays. Jeter reached on infield single to third. Jeter to second on wild pitch by Cobb. Ellsbury struck out looking. Teixeira struck out swinging. Beltran grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. McCarthy pitching for Yankees. Loney singled to right. Forsythe grounded into double play, third to second to first, Loney out at second. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Cobb pitching for Rays. Headley singled to center. Drew lined out to center. Prado grounded into fielder's choice to first, Headley out at second. Cervelli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. McCarthy pitching for Yankees. Casali grounded out to third. Kiermaier grounded out to second. Jennings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Cobb pitching for Rays. Gardner grounded out to pitcher. Jeter grounded out to first. Ellsbury grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. McCarthy pitching for Yankees. Zobrist flied out to center. Joyce struck out swinging. Longoria singled to center. Loney grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Cobb pitching for Rays. Teixeira singled to left. Beltran popped out to shortstop. Headley struck out swinging. Drew flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. McCarthy pitching for Yankees. Forsythe safe at first on error by third baseman Headley. Escobar sacrificed to first, Forsythe to second. Casali singled to right, Forsythe scored. Kiermaier singled to left, Casali to second. Jennings singled to right, Casali to third, Kiermaier to second. Rogers pitching for Yankees. Zobrist grounded out to first, Casali scored, Kiermaier to third, Jennings to second. Joyce grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 8th. Cobb pitching for Rays. Prado struck out looking. Cervelli singled to left. Gardner walked, Cervelli to second. Boxberger pitching for Rays. Jeter singled to right, Cervelli to third, Gardner to second. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Teixeira struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Rogers pitching for Yankees. Longoria grounded out to second. Loney homered to right (372 feet). Forsythe struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Peralta pitching for Rays. Beltran lined out to right. Headley struck out swinging. Drew struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 0 - Rays 5.	Cobb, Rays reach .500 by blanking Yankees