Red Sox - Top 1st. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Holt struck out swinging. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Zobrist grounded out to second. Myers grounded out to third. Joyce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Cespedes hit by pitch. Nava flied out to left. Craig grounded out to third, Cespedes to second. Betts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Longoria hit by pitch. Loney doubled to deep right, Longoria scored. Guyer singled to left center, Loney to third. Forsythe walked, Guyer to second. Hanigan hit sacrifice fly to center, Loney scored, Guyer to third, Forsythe to second. Holt at second base. Middlebrooks at third base. Kiermaier walked. Zobrist grounded into fielder's choice to first, Guyer scored, Kiermaier out at second, Forsythe to third. Myers struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Bogaerts fouled out to first. Ross struck out looking. Holt fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Joyce grounded out to first. Longoria grounded out to second. Loney lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Middlebrooks singled to right center. Ortiz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Middlebrooks out at second. Cespedes safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria. Nava flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rays - Bottom 4th. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Guyer grounded out to shortstop. Forsythe singled to center. Hanigan singled to left, Forsythe to second. Kiermaier hit by pitch, Forsythe to third, Hanigan to second. Zobrist grounded out to third, Forsythe scored, Hanigan to third, Kiermaier to second. Myers struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Craig struck out swinging. Betts flied out to center. Bogaerts flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Joyce walked. Longoria reached on infield single to third, Joyce to second. Wilson pitching for Red Sox. Loney struck out swinging. Guyer reached on bunt single to catcher, Joyce to third, Longoria to third, Joyce and Longoria scored, Guyer to third on throwing error by catcher Ross. Forsythe hit sacrifice fly to right, Guyer scored. Hanigan hit ground rule double to right. Kiermaier flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 6th. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Ross struck out swinging. Holt struck out swinging. Middlebrooks flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Wilson pitching for Red Sox. Zobrist struck out swinging, Zobrist safe at first on wild pitch by Wilson. Myers grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Zobrist out at second. Joyce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Odorizzi pitching for Rays. Ortiz grounded out to first. Cespedes struck out swinging. Nava walked. Craig walked, Nava to second. Betts walked, Nava to third, Craig to second. Bogaerts popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Wilson pitching for Red Sox. Longoria flied out to right. Loney flied out to left. Guyer hit by pitch. Forsythe struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Beliveau pitching for Rays. Ross grounded out to third. Holt grounded out to second. Middlebrooks flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Layne pitching for Red Sox. Hanigan hit by pitch. Kiermaier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hanigan out at second. Zobrist grounded out to shortstop, Kiermaier to second. Myers flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Yates pitching for Rays. Ortiz walked. Cespedes grounded into double play, second to first, Ortiz out at second. Nava struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 0 - Rays 7.	Odorizzi stellar as Rays beat Red Sox 7-0