Cubs - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Johnson grounded out to third. DeWitt grounded out to second. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Maholm pitching for Cubs. Furcal lined out to first. Greene struck out swinging. Holliday flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Baker grounded out to shortstop. Stewart flied out to left. Mather grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Maholm pitching for Cubs. Beltran hit by pitch. Molina walked, Beltran to second. Carpenter singled to center, Beltran scored, Molina to third. Robinson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina scored, Carpenter out at second. Descalso grounded into fielder's choice to second, Robinson out at second. Westbrook struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Soto grounded out to shortstop. Byrd safe at first on error by third baseman Descalso. Byrd caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Maholm grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Maholm pitching for Cubs. Furcal doubled to left. Greene bunt popped out to third. Holliday singled to right, Furcal scored. Beltran singled to left center, Holliday to second. Molina homered to left (364 feet), Holliday and Beltran scored. Carpenter singled to shallow left center. Robinson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Carpenter out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Johnson singled to left. DeWitt singled to left, Johnson to second. Castro lined out to shortstop. Baker grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeWitt out at second, Johnson to third. Johnson scored, Baker to second on wild pitch by Westbrook. Stewart walked. Mather grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stewart out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Maholm pitching for Cubs. Descalso hit by pitch. Westbrook sacrificed to pitcher, Descalso to second. Furcal flied out to center. Greene flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Soto doubled to deep right center. Byrd safe at first on error by second baseman Greene, Soto to third. DeJesus hit for Maholm. DeJesus flied out to right. Johnson grounded out to third, Soto scored, Byrd to second. DeWitt grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Castillo pitching for Cubs. Holliday struck out swinging. Beltran walked. Beltran stole second. Molina struck out swinging. Carpenter homered to center (428 feet), Beltran scored. Robinson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Komatsu in right field. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Baker singled to right. Stewart lined into double play, to first, Baker doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Castillo pitching for Cubs. Descalso grounded out to second. Westbrook singled to right. Furcal struck out looking. Greene grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Westbrook out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Mather lined out to pitcher. Soto lined out to third. Byrd struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Johnson in center field. Lopez pitching for Cubs. Baker in right field. Clevenger at first base. Holliday lined out to left. Komatsu singled to shallow left. Molina singled to center, Komatsu to second. Carpenter tripled to deep center, Komatsu and Molina scored. Robinson grounded out to shortstop. Descalso grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Komatsu in center field. Molina at first base. Carpenter in right field. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Cruz catching. Clevenger grounded out to second. Johnson doubled to deep center. DeWitt grounded out to first, Johnson to third. Castro reached on infield single to shortstop, Johnson scored. Baker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castro out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Lopez pitching for Cubs. Cruz doubled to deep center. Furcal flied out to left. Greene walked. Holliday flied out to right, Cruz to third. Komatsu popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Marte pitching for Cardinals. Stewart struck out swinging. Mather fouled out to third. Soto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 3 - Cardinals 10.	Cards rip Cubs behind Carpenter's 5 RBIs \n\n