Cardinals - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Braves. Furcal fouled out to left. Schumaker struck out looking. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Bourn grounded out to first. Prado singled to left. McCann homered to right (358 feet), Prado scored. Uggla struck out swinging. Freeman homered to center (419 feet). Heyward flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Adams grounded out to second. Greene flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Constanza singled to right. Wilson flied out to center. Hudson sacrificed to pitcher, Constanza to second. Bourn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Descalso grounded out to second. Robinson flied out to right. Lohse struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Prado singled to center. McCann grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Prado out at second. Uggla singled to right. Freeman doubled to shallow left, Uggla scored. Heyward walked. Constanza singled to right center, Freeman scored, Heyward to third. Wilson fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Furcal singled to center. Schumaker grounded out to first, Furcal to second. Holliday singled to center, Furcal scored. Molina flied out to center. Adams flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Hudson flied out to center. Bourn doubled to deep left. Prado struck out swinging. McCann flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Greene grounded out to third. Descalso grounded out to first. Robinson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Uggla flied out to center. Freeman grounded out to pitcher. Heyward struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Chambers hit for Lohse. Hudson pitching for Braves. Chambers singled to right center. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chambers out at second. Schumaker singled to left, Furcal to second. Holliday singled to center, Furcal scored, Schumaker to second. Molina struck out looking. Adams walked, Schumaker to third, Holliday to second. Greene singled to left, Schumaker and Holliday scored, Adams to second. Venters pitching for Braves. Descalso singled to center, Adams scored, Greene to second. Robinson flied out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Constanza reached on infield single to shortstop. Constanza to second on wild pitch by Rzepczynski. Wilson doubled to right, Constanza scored. Diaz hit for Venters. Diaz grounded out to first, Wilson to third. Bourn grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wilson out at home, Bourn to second. Prado intentionally walked. Bourn to third, Prado to second on passed ball by Molina. McCann singled to left, Bourn and Prado scored. Uggla singled to left, McCann to second. Freeman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Uggla out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Durbin pitching for Braves. Hill hit for Rzepczynski. Hill grounded out to third. Furcal singled to center. Freese hit for Schumaker. Freese flied out to center. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Freese at third base. Greene in right field. Descalso at second base. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Heyward grounded out to first. Constanza grounded out to shortstop. Wilson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Molina singled to left. Adams grounded out to shortstop, Molina to second. Greene safe at first on error by second baseman Uggla. Descalso walked, Molina to third, Greene to second. Robinson hit sacrifice fly to center, Molina scored, Greene to third. Beltran hit for Boggs. Beltran reached on infield single to third, Greene scored, Descalso to second. Westbrook ran for Beltran. Furcal struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 8th. Hinske hit for O'Flaherty. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Hinske hit for O'Flaherty. Hinske walked. Pastornicky ran for Hinske. Bourn walked, Pastornicky to second. Prado sacrificed to first, Pastornicky to third, Bourn to second. McCann intentionally walked. Uggla hit sacrifice fly to right, Pastornicky scored, Bourn to third. Freeman singled to right, Bourn scored, McCann to second. Heyward struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Kimbrel pitching for Braves. Freese struck out looking. Holliday struck out swinging. Molina safe at first on error by shortstop Wilson. Adams flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Braves 10.	Freeman's big return helps Braves by Cards