White Sox - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. De Aza struck out swinging. Beckham struck out swinging. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. Molina lined out to left. Holliday singled to right center. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to third, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Konerko singled to center. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to third, Konerko out at second. Pierzynski reached on infield single to shortstop, Rios to second. Ramirez flied out to left. Hudson tripled to deep right center, Rios and Pierzynski scored. Quintana struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Craig doubled to deep left. Freese struck out swinging. Greene reached on infield single to second, Craig to third. Robinson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Greene out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. De Aza struck out swinging. Beckham lined out to right. Dunn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Wainwright singled to right. Furcal grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wainwright out at second. Molina doubled to deep left center. Holliday struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Konerko singled to right center. Rios lined out to pitcher, Konerko out at first. Pierzynski singled to deep right. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Beltran flied out to right. Craig grounded out to shortstop. Freese singled to center. Greene singled to center, Freese to second. Robinson lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Hudson grounded out to second. Quintana walked. De Aza flied out to center. Beckham walked, Quintana to second. Dunn fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Wainwright lined out to center. Furcal struck out swinging. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Konerko grounded out to third. Rios flied out to center. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Holliday doubled to deep left center. Beltran struck out swinging. Craig singled to center, Holliday scored. Freese singled to right, Craig to second. Jones pitching for White Sox. Greene grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Freese out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez lined out to shortstop. Hudson grounded out to first. Viciedo hit for Jones. Viciedo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Robinson fouled out to third. Chambers hit for Wainwright. Chambers struck out looking. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. De Aza doubled to deep left center. Beckham singled to center, De Aza scored, Beckham out stretching at second. Dunn homered to right (421 feet). Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Konerko singled to center. Lillibridge ran for Konerko. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lillibridge out at second. Pierzynski homered to right (387 feet), Rios scored. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Crain pitching for White Sox. Lillibridge at first base. Jor Danks in left field. Molina flied out to right. Holliday flied out to right. Beltran singled to center. Craig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Hudson flied out to center. Jor Danks doubled to shallow left. De Aza lined out to center. Beckham grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Reed pitching for White Sox. Freese flied out to center. Greene struck out swinging. Robinson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 6 - Cardinals 1.	Konerko, Dunn spark White Sox over Cards