Cardinals - Top 1st. Latos pitching for Reds. Furcal popped out to shortstop. Jay struck out looking. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cozart lined out to left. Stubbs lined out to shortstop. Votto grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Latos pitching for Reds. Beltran walked. Craig grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Beltran out at second. Molina doubled to deep left. Freese walked. Schumaker singled to right center, Molina scored, Freese to third. Wainwright struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Phillips doubled to deep left. Bruce walked. Ludwick flied out to center. Frazier fouled out to first. Hanigan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Latos pitching for Reds. Furcal singled to center. Furcal stole second. Jay reached on infield single to shortstop, Furcal to third. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Furcal scored, Jay to second. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to first, Holliday out at second, Jay to third. Craig popped out to shortstop. Molina struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Latos grounded out to shortstop. Cozart grounded out to second. Stubbs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Latos pitching for Reds. Freese walked. Schumaker grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Freese out at second. Wainwright struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Votto grounded out to shortstop. Phillips struck out swinging. Bruce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Latos pitching for Reds. Furcal flied out to center. Jay grounded out to second. Holliday flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ludwick grounded out to third. Frazier homered to right (365 feet). Hanigan grounded out to third. Cairo hit for Latos. Cairo popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Simon pitching for Reds. Beltran struck out swinging. Craig grounded out to third. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cozart struck out swinging. Stubbs grounded out to third. Votto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Simon pitching for Reds. Freese struck out looking. Schumaker singled to right. Wainwright sacrificed to pitcher, Schumaker to second. Furcal walked. Jay walked, Schumaker to third, Furcal to second. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Phillips singled to center. Bruce singled to right, Phillips to second. Ludwick sacrificed to third, Phillips to third, Bruce to second. Frazier intentionally walked. Hanigan reached on infield single to first, Phillips scored, Bruce to third, Frazier to second, Bruce scored, Frazier to third, Hanigan to second on throwing error by first baseman Craig. Marte pitching for Cardinals. Rolen hit for Simon. Rolen walked. Cozart hit sacrifice fly to center, Frazier scored. Stubbs struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 8th. Arredondo pitching for Reds. Rolen at third base. Beltran singled to center. Craig grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beltran out at second. Molina singled to right center, Craig to second. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second, Craig to third. Marshall pitching for Reds. Robinson hit for Schumaker. Robinson singled to left, Craig scored, Freese to second. Greene hit for Marte. Greene walked, Freese to third, Robinson to second. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Greene out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Browning pitching for Cardinals. Greene at second base. Votto grounded out to second. Phillips singled to center. Bruce struck out swinging. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Ludwick tripled to deep right, Phillips scored. Heisey hit for Marshall. Heisey walked. Hanigan grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Chapman pitching for Reds. Heisey in left field. Jay struck out swinging. Holliday singled to right. Beltran struck out swinging. Craig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Reds 5.	Reds rally to win 4th straight on error by Cards