Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Drew struck out looking. Hill grounded out to third. Kubel hit ground rule double to deep left. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Jay flied out to left. Craig grounded out to second. Holliday fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Upton singled to center. Montero grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Upton out at second. Wheeler singled to left center. Parra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Beltran struck out looking. Freese grounded out to pitcher. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Kennedy struck out swinging. Drew tripled to deep center. Hill walked. Kubel grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Schumaker grounded out to second. Furcal tripled to deep center. Kelly grounded out to pitcher. Jay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Goldschmidt lined out to right. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Montero walked. Wheeler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Craig singled to center. Holliday homered to left (416 feet), Craig scored. Beltran struck out swinging. Freese walked. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Freese out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Parra lined out to second. Kennedy struck out looking. Drew lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Schumaker grounded out to second. Furcal popped out to shortstop. Kelly grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Hill grounded out to pitcher. Kubel grounded out to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Jay homered to right (391 feet). Craig doubled to deep center. Holliday walked. Beltran struck out swinging. Freese struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Upton singled to right center. Montero homered to center (425 feet), Upton scored. Wheeler flied out to left. Mujica pitching for Cardinals. Parra singled to center. Kennedy sacrificed to pitcher, Parra to second. Drew struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Schumaker singled to shallow left center. Furcal sacrificed to first, Schumaker to second, Furcal safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Kennedy. Robinson hit for Mujica. Robinson grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Schumaker scored, Furcal safe at third, Robinson safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Kennedy. Jay intentionally walked. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Craig grounded out to shortstop, Furcal scored, Robinson to third, Jay to second. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to second, Robinson out at home, Jay to third. Beltran grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Hill flied out to left. Kubel grounded out to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Freese popped out to second. Molina walked. Molina to second on wild pitch by Shaw. Schumaker singled to left, Molina to third. Furcal grounded out to first, Schumaker to second. Carpenter hit for Boggs. Carpenter doubled to center, Molina and Schumaker scored. Jay singled to right, Carpenter scored. Craig struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Carpenter at first base. Cruz catching. Upton struck out swinging. Montero grounded out to second. Wheeler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 2 - Cardinals 8.	HRs by Holliday, Jay help Cards drub D-backs