Cardinals - Top 1st. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Jay struck out looking. Beltran struck out looking. Holliday reached on infield single to second. Craig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Werth walked. Harper homered to right (379 feet), Werth scored. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Morse grounded out to second. LaRoche grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Molina struck out swinging. Freese walked. Schumaker struck out swinging. Furcal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Desmond singled to left center. Espinosa flied out to center. Flores flied out to center. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Desmond out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Garcia struck out swinging. Jay flied out to center. Beltran singled to right. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Werth singled to left. Harper flied out to center. Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop, Werth to second. Morse walked, Werth to third, Zimmerman to second. LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to right, Werth scored, Zimmerman to third. Desmond flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Craig grounded out to shortstop. Molina walked. Freese grounded out to third, Molina to second. Schumaker singled to left, Molina to third. Furcal popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Espinosa struck out looking. Flores flied out to center. Jackson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Garcia grounded out to second. Jay struck out swinging. Beltran grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Werth homered to left center (417 feet). Harper grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Morse reached on infield single to shortstop. LaRoche struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Holliday struck out swinging. Craig grounded out to second. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Desmond reached on infield single to shortstop. Espinosa singled to center, Desmond to second. Flores singled to left, Desmond to third, Espinosa to second. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Desmond out at home, Espinosa to third, Flores to second. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Werth grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Espinosa scored, Jackson out at second, Flores to third. Descalso at shortstop. Harper singled to center, Flores scored, Werth to second. Werth to third, Harper to second on wild pitch by Salas. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Freese grounded out to second. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. Descalso flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Anderson catching. Morse singled to center. LaRoche walked, Morse to second. Desmond struck out swinging. Espinosa walked, Morse to third, LaRoche to second. Flores singled to left, Morse and LaRoche scored, Espinosa to second. Jackson struck out looking. Werth grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Flores out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Anderson doubled to deep right. Jay safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman, Anderson scored. Beltran struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to second, Jay to third. Craig lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Cruz at first base. Mujica pitching for Cardinals. Craig in right field. Robinson in left field. Harper lined out to left. Zimmerman walked. Morse singled to left, Zimmerman to second. LaRoche grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Morse out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Robinson flied out to center. Freese lined out to shortstop. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 1 - Nationals 8.	Jackson fans 10 as Nats roll past Cardinals