Nationals - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Werth popped out to second. Harper doubled to right. Zimmerman struck out swinging. LaRoche singled to center, Harper scored. Morse popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Jay singled to center. Carpenter walked, Jay to second. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jay to third, Carpenter to second. Craig singled to left, Jay scored, Carpenter to third, Holliday to second. Molina safe at first on error by third baseman Zimmerman, Carpenter scored, Holliday to third, Craig to second. Beltran walked, Holliday scored, Craig to third, Molina to second. Descalso hit sacrifice fly to center, Craig scored, Molina to third, Beltran to second. Kozma singled to center, Molina scored, Beltran to third. Wainwright grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kozma out at second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Desmond singled to center. Espinosa flied out to left. Suzuki struck out looking. Jackson walked, Desmond to second. Werth flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Jackson pitching for Nationals. Jay doubled to deep left center. Jay to third on wild pitch by Jackson. Carpenter walked. Carpenter to second on wild pitch by Jackson. Holliday grounded out to shortstop, Jay scored, Carpenter to third. Craig singled to left, Carpenter scored. Molina homered to left center (391 feet), Craig scored. Beltran walked. Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals. Descalso grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Beltran out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Harper grounded out to first. Zimmerman doubled to deep center. LaRoche flied out to left, Zimmerman to third. Morse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals. Kozma lined out to first. Wainwright struck out swinging. Jay grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Desmond grounded out to second. Espinosa struck out swinging. Suzuki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals. Carpenter flied out to center. Holliday struck out swinging. Craig singled to center. Molina walked, Craig to second. Beltran walked, Craig to third, Molina to second. Descalso grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Bernadina hit for Gorzelanny. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Bernadina grounded out to third. Werth grounded out to shortstop. Harper singled to center. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Brown in right field. DeRosa at third base. Garcia pitching for Nationals. Flores catching. Bernadina in center field. Kozma struck out looking. Wainwright struck out looking. Jay lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche flied out to right. Morse lined out to shortstop. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Tracy at first base. Lombardozzi at second base. Espinosa at shortstop. Garcia pitching for Nationals. Carpenter grounded out to second. Holliday hit by pitch. Robinson ran for Holliday. Craig singled to center, Robinson to third. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Craig out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Robinson in left field. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Espinosa grounded out to second. Flores struck out looking. Bernadina homered to center (433 feet). Brown walked. DeRosa struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Moore in left field. Duke pitching for Nationals. Beltran flied out to right. Descalso grounded out to second. Kozma grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Chambers in right field. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Cruz catching. Moore walked. Tracy flied out to center. Perez hit for Duke. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Moore out at second. Lombardozzi grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Cruz doubled to deep left. Jay grounded out to first, Cruz to third. Carpenter doubled to deep right, Cruz scored. Robinson homered to left (371 feet), Carpenter scored. Jackson hit for Craig. Jackson flied out to right. Chambers grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Carpenter at first base. Jackson at second base. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at third base. Espinosa grounded out to first. Flores flied out to left. Bernadina walked. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 2 - Cardinals 12.	Cards reduce magic number to 3 with rout   \n\n