Cardinals - Top 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Jay lined out to center. Beltran walked. Holliday singled to left, Beltran to second. Craig grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Holliday out at second, Beltran to third. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Pagan homered to right (382 feet). Scutaro singled to shallow right center. Sandoval fouled out to third. Posey fouled out to first. Pence walked, Scutaro to second. Belt grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Freese flied out to right. Descalso struck out swinging. Kozma walked. Carpenter doubled to deep center, Kozma scored. Jay flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Blanco flied out to center. Crawford grounded out to second. Vogelsong struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Beltran doubled to center. Holliday popped out to first. Craig struck out swinging. Molina fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Pagan grounded out to third. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. Sandoval singled to right. Posey grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sandoval out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Freese grounded out to second. Descalso grounded out to second. Kozma popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Belt doubled to left. Blanco singled to left, Belt to third. Crawford safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Carpenter, Belt scored, Blanco to second. Vogelsong sacrificed to first, Blanco to third, Crawford to second. Pagan walked. Scutaro singled to center, Blanco and Crawford scored, Pagan to second, Pagan scored, Scutaro to second on error by left fielder Holliday. Sandoval grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Schumaker hit for Carpenter. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Schumaker struck out looking. Jay fouled out to left. Beltran doubled to deep right. Holliday fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Posey singled to right. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Posey out at second. Belt singled to center, Pence to second. Blanco grounded into fielder's choice to first, Belt out at second, Pence to third. Crawford lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Theriot at second base. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Craig hit by pitch. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to third, Craig out at second. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to second, Molina out at second. Descalso popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Vogelsong doubled to deep center. Pagan grounded out to second, Vogelsong to third. Theriot lined out to center. Sandoval struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Kozma struck out looking. Chambers hit for Salas. Chambers grounded out to second. Jay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Posey struck out looking. Pence popped out to second. Belt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Beltran popped out to second. Holliday grounded out to second. Craig flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Blanco walked. Crawford lined out to center. Huff hit for Affeldt. Huff singled to shallow left, Blanco to second. Pagan singled to center, Blanco to third, Huff to second. Theriot singled to shallow left center, Blanco and Huff scored, Pagan to second. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Sandoval flied out to right, Pagan to third. Posey struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Romo pitching for Giants. Molina singled to center. Freese lined out to right. Descalso grounded into fielder's choice to second, Molina out at second. Kozma struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 1 - Giants 7.	Giants rip Cards; NLCS at 1-1 \n\n