Cardinals - Top 1st. Cain pitching for Giants. Jay struck out swinging. Beltran singled to center. Holliday flied out to center. Beltran stole second. Craig popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Pagan singled to right. Scutaro singled to shallow right, Pagan to third. Sandoval grounded out to pitcher, Pagan scored, Scutaro to second. Posey grounded out to shortstop. Pence struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Cain pitching for Giants. Molina singled to left. Freese walked, Molina to second. Descalso grounded into fielder's choice to first, Freese out at second, Molina to third. Kozma struck out swinging, Descalso stole second. Lohse lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Belt grounded out to second. Blanco singled to right. Crawford grounded out to first, Blanco to second. Cain singled to center, Blanco scored. Pagan flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Cain pitching for Giants. Jay singled to left. Beltran grounded out to second, Jay to second. Holliday flied out to right, Jay to third. Craig lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Scutaro singled to right. Sandoval doubled to left, Scutaro to third. Posey walked. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Pence doubled to center, Scutaro and Sandoval scored, Posey to third, Posey scored on error by center fielder Jay. Belt reached on infield single to second, Pence to third. Blanco walked, Belt to second. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pence scored, Belt to third, Blanco to second. Cain struck out swinging. Pagan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belt scored, Crawford out at second, Blanco to third. Scutaro walked, Pagan to second. Mujica pitching for Cardinals. Sandoval lined out to first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 4th. Cain pitching for Giants. Molina singled to center. Freese flied out to right. Descalso struck out looking. Kozma grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Mujica pitching for Cardinals. Posey grounded out to shortstop. Pence singled to right center. Belt lined out to center. Blanco grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Chambers hit for Mujica. Cain pitching for Giants. Chambers lined out to left. Jay grounded out to first. Beltran flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Crawford struck out swinging. Cain struck out swinging. Pagan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Cain pitching for Giants. Holliday hit by pitch. Craig lined out to first. Molina singled to left, Holliday to second. Freese struck out swinging. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Descalso popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Scutaro flied out to left. Sandoval walked. Posey singled to center, Sandoval to second. Pence struck out swinging. Belt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Kozma struck out swinging. Robinson hit for Rosenthal. Robinson struck out swinging. Jay walked. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jay out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Blanco walked. Crawford singled to right, Blanco to third. Huff hit for Affeldt. Huff grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Blanco scored, Crawford out at second. Pagan singled to right. Scutaro singled to center, Pagan to second. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Sandoval safe at first on error by shortstop Kozma, Pagan advanced to third on Kozma error, Scutaro to second, Pagan tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 8th. Casilla pitching for Giants. Arias at third base. Holliday reached on infield single to third. Craig flied out to center. Molina singled to center, Holliday to second. Holliday to third, Molina to second on wild pitch by Casilla. Freese grounded out to pitcher. Lopez pitching for Giants. Cruz hit for Descalso. Cruz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Schumaker at second base. Posey grounded out to shortstop. Pence flied out to right. Belt homered to right (388 feet). Blanco grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Lopez pitching for Giants. Kozma walked. Schumaker grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kozma out at second. Jay struck out looking. Beltran walked, Schumaker to second. Romo pitching for Giants. Schumaker to third, Beltran to second on wild pitch by Romo. Holliday popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 0 - Giants 9.	Giants rout Cardinals, reach Series \n\n