Rays - Top 1st. Pineda pitching for Twins. Lowe singled to right. Franco popped out to shortstop. Cruz struck out swinging. Arozarena doubled to deep center, Lowe scored. Wendle struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. McClanahan pitching for Rays. Polanco struck out looking. Rooker singled to left. Donaldson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rooker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Pineda pitching for Twins. Díaz homered to right (395 feet). Kiermaier grounded out to pitcher. Margot grounded out to third. Zunino singled to left. Lowe singled to right, Zunino to third. Zunino scored on Pineda wild pitch, Lowe to second on wild pitch by Pineda. Franco struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. McClanahan pitching for Rays. Garver grounded out to third. Refsnyder walked. Sanó lined out to right. Larnach lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Pineda pitching for Twins. Cruz homered to left (376 feet). Arozarena grounded out to third. Wendle grounded out to second. Vincent pitching for Twins. Díaz flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. McClanahan pitching for Rays. Jeffers popped out to second. Simmons grounded out to second. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Vincent pitching for Twins. Kiermaier popped out to second. Margot singled to right center, Margot out stretching at second. Zunino homered to left center (402 feet). Lowe grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. McClanahan pitching for Rays. Rooker singled to left. Donaldson struck out swinging. Garver walked, Rooker to second. Refsnyder grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Garver out at second, Rooker to third. Sanó singled to shallow left center, Rooker scored, Refsnyder to second. Larnach struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Vincent pitching for Twins. Franco grounded out to first. Cruz singled to shallow right. Arozarena walked, Cruz to second. Wendle struck out swinging. Díaz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. McClanahan pitching for Rays. Jeffers singled to right. Simmons lined out to center. Polanco grounded out to shortstop, Jeffers to second. Rooker singled to shallow center, Jeffers scored. Donaldson struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Gant pitching for Twins. Kiermaier homered to right (349 feet). Margot struck out swinging. Zunino struck out looking. Lowe grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. McClanahan pitching for Rays. Garver singled to deep left. Refsnyder reached on infield single to third, Garver to second, Garver safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Wendle. Luplow at first base. Sanó singled to shallow left, Garver scored, Refsnyder to second. Larnach struck out swinging. Wisler pitching for Rays. Jeffers grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sanó out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Top 7th. Gant pitching for Twins. Franco doubled to deep left. Cruz safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Donaldson, Franco safe at third on error. Arozarena walked, Cruz to second. Wendle reached on infield single to second, Franco scored, Arozarena to second, Cruz to third. Luplow struck out swinging. Kiermaier singled to right, Arozarena scored and Cruz scored, Wendle to third. Margot hit sacrifice fly to center, Wendle scored. Zunino flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 7th. Phillips pitching for Rays. Simmons grounded out to third. Polanco flied out to left. Rooker homered to left (392 feet). Donaldson singled to center. Garver singled to center, Donaldson to second. Refsnyder grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Garver out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. García pitching for Twins. Lowe grounded out to first. Franco popped out to shortstop. Cruz walked. Arozarena struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Phillips pitching for Rays. Sanó grounded out to third. Larnach struck out swinging. Jeffers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Garcia pitching for Twins. Wendle flied out to left. Luplow safe at first on fielding error by catcher Jeffers. Kiermaier struck out swinging. Margot grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Luplow out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 9th. Phillips pitching for Rays. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Polanco lined out to left. Rooker lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 10 - Twins 4.	Cruz homers in return to Minnesota; Rays rout Twins 10-4