Indians - Top 1st. Jax pitching for Twins. Straw flied out to center. Rosario grounded out to second. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Quantrill pitching for Indians. Kepler homered to right (392 feet). Rooker hit by pitch. Polanco grounded into double play, pitcher to third to first, Rooker out at second. Donaldson singled to right. Arraez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Jax pitching for Twins. Reyes walked. Zimmer homered to center (446 feet), Reyes scored. Mercado struck out swinging. Miller hit by pitch. Giménez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Miller out at second. Giménez to second on wild pitch by Jax. Hedges popped out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Quantrill pitching for Indians. Sanó singled to shallow left. Cave struck out swinging. Jeffers lined out to center. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sanó out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Jax pitching for Twins. Straw fouled out to right. Rosario singled to center. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rosario to second, Rosario safe at third on fielding error by second baseman Polanco. Reyes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ramírez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Quantrill pitching for Indians. Kepler walked. Rooker flied out to right. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kepler out at second. Donaldson singled to deep right center, Polanco scored. Arraez singled to shallow right, Donaldson to second. Sanó struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Jax pitching for Twins. Zimmer singled to right. Mercado popped out to second. Zimmer to second on pickoff error by pitcher Jax. Miller struck out swinging. Giménez reached on infield single to pitcher, Zimmer to third. Hedges flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 4th. Quantrill pitching for Indians. Cave doubled to center. Jeffers hit by pitch. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jeffers out at second, Cave to third. Kepler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cave scored, Simmons out at second. Rooker reached on infield single to third, Kepler to second. Polanco struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Jax pitching for Twins. Straw flied out to center. Rosario doubled to center, Rosario safe at third on fielding error by center fielder Cave. Ramírez singled to right, Rosario scored. Reyes grounded into double play, second to first, Ramírez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 5th. Quantrill pitching for Indians. Donaldson struck out looking. Arraez singled to center. Sanó grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Arraez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Jax pitching for Twins. Zimmer grounded out to second. Mercado grounded out to shortstop. Miller safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Simmons. Giménez walked, Miller to second. Hedges doubled to left, Miller scored, Giménez thrown out at home. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 6th. Garza pitching for Indians. Cave struck out swinging. Jeffers homered to center (427 feet). Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Kepler walked. Rooker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Refsnyder in left field. Gant pitching for Twins. Straw struck out looking. Rosario flied out to second. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Garza pitching for Indians. Polanco singled to right center. Donaldson struck out swinging. Parker pitching for Indians. Arraez grounded out to second, Polanco to second. Sanó walked. Cave struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Minaya pitching for Twins. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. Zimmer walked. Zimmer stole second. Zimmer to third on wild pitch by Minaya. Mercado struck out swinging. Miller grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Karinchak pitching for Indians. Jeffers grounded out to second. Garver hit for Simmons. Garver doubled to deep center. Gordon ran for Garver. Kepler flied out to second. Refsnyder flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Polanco at shortstop. Gordon at second base. Colomé pitching for Twins. Giménez grounded out to first. Hedges grounded out to shortstop. Straw reached on infield single to shortstop. Rosario grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Wittgren pitching for Indians. Polanco grounded out to second. Donaldson singled to left. Maeda ran for Donaldson. Arraez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arraez safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Giménez, Maeda out at second. Sanó intentionally walked. Cave walked, Sanó to second, Arraez to third. Jeffers grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 10th. Maeda as designated hitter. Thielbar pitching for Twins. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. Reyes struck out swinging. Zimmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 10th. Wittgren pitching for Indians. Gordon singled to center, Jeffers to third. Kepler intentionally walked, Gordon to second. Refsnyder grounded into double play, third to catcher, Kepler to second, Gordon out at third, Jeffers out at home. Polanco doubled to shallow right, Kepler scored, Refsnyder to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 4 - Twins 5.	Polanco's 10th-inning double lifts Twins past Indians, 5-4