Twins - Top 1st. Heasley pitching for Royals. Arraez grounded out to shortstop. Buxton popped out to second. Polanco grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Gant pitching for Twins. Merrifield singled to left. Lopez reached on bunt single to first, Merrifield to second. Perez hit by pitch, Lopez to second, Merrifield to third. Merrifield scored on Gant wild pitch, Perez to second on wild pitch by Gant, Lopez to third on wild pitch by Gant. Benintendi walked. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lopez scored, Benintendi out at second, Perez to third. Dozier struck out looking. Mondesi struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Heasley pitching for Royals. Donaldson popped out to third. Kepler grounded out to first. Sanó flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Gant pitching for Twins. Taylor struck out swinging. Gallagher lined out to left. Merrifield lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Heasley pitching for Royals. Rooker singled to left center. Gordon lined out to left. Rooker picked off first. Jeffers grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Gant pitching for Twins. Lopez flied out to left. Perez flied out to shortstop. Benintendi singled to center. Santana reached on infield single to second, Benintendi to second. Dozier singled to right, Benintendi scored, Santana to second. Mondesi doubled to right center, Santana scored, Dozier to third. Taylor grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Heasley pitching for Royals. Arraez grounded out to shortstop. Buxton doubled to left. Polanco flied out to right, Buxton to third. Donaldson doubled to deep left, Buxton scored. Kepler flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Gant pitching for Twins. Gallagher grounded out to third. Merrifield singled to left center. Lopez walked, Merrifield to second. Perez flied out to left, Merrifield to third. Lopez stole second. Benintendi doubled to left, Lopez scored and Merrifield scored. Santana flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Heasley pitching for Royals. Sanó singled to left. Rooker grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sanó out at second. Gordon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Farrell pitching for Twins. Dozier homered to center (422 feet). Mondesi doubled to left. Taylor struck out swinging. Gallagher singled to left, Mondesi scored. Merrifield walked, Gallagher to second. Lopez walked, Merrifield to second, Gallagher to third. Perez struck out swinging. Benintendi grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Heasley pitching for Royals. Jeffers homered to left (429 feet). Arraez struck out swinging. Buxton doubled to left. Polanco walked. Donaldson hit by pitch, Polanco to second, Buxton to third. Speier pitching for Royals. Kepler fouled out to third. Sanó singled to center, Buxton scored and Polanco scored, Donaldson to second. Rooker struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Farrell pitching for Twins. Santana popped out to third. Dozier singled to right. Dozier stole second. Mondesi walked. Moran pitching for Twins. Taylor singled to center, Dozier scored, Mondesi to third. Gallagher reached on bunt single to first, Mondesi scored, Taylor to second. Merrifield singled to right center, Taylor scored, Merrifield out stretching at second, Gallagher to third. Lopez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Speier pitching for Royals. Gordon grounded out to first. Jeffers singled to shallow left center. Arraez singled to center, Jeffers to second. Buxton singled to center, Arraez to second, Jeffers to third. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jeffers scored on error and Arraez scored on throwing error by second baseman Merrifield, Buxton out at second, Polanco to second. Holland pitching for Royals. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 7th. Moran pitching for Twins. Perez struck out swinging. Benintendi flied out to left. Santana walked. Dozier struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Holland pitching for Royals. Kepler lined out to left. Sanó singled to left. Rooker grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sanó out at second. Gordon singled to right, Rooker to third. Jeffers flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Coulombe pitching for Twins. Mondesi grounded out to shortstop. Taylor grounded out to third. Gallagher lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Santana pitching for Royals. Arraez singled to right center. Buxton struck out swinging. Polanco flied out to left. Arraez to second on fielder's indifference. Donaldson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 6 - Royals 11.	Perez hitless, rest of Royals bats busy; Twins finish last