Indians - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Royals . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera singled to left . Cabrera caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to first to second . Choo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Gomez pitching for Indians . Dyson grounded out to second . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Hosmer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Royals . Santana walked . Duncan singled to left , Santana to second . Lopez popped out to catcher . Kotchman flied out to center . Donald grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Gomez pitching for Indians . Butler grounded out to third . Gordon safe at first on error by third baseman Hannahan . Betancourt grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Royals . Hannahan struck out swinging . Brantley tripled to deep center . Cabrera singled to center , Brantley scored . Choo hit by pitch , Cabrera to second . Santana doubled to deep center , Cabrera scored , Choo to third . Duncan intentionally walked . Lopez doubled to left , Choo and Santana scored , Duncan to third . Kotchman walked . Donald hit sacrifice fly to left , Duncan scored . Hannahan walked , Lopez to third , Kotchman to second . Collins pitching for Royals . Brantley grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Gomez pitching for Indians . Moustakas hit by pitch . Donald at third base . Kipnis at second base . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Quintero grounded out to pitcher , Moustakas to second . Escobar tripled to deep right , Moustakas scored . Dyson hit sacrifice fly to right , Escobar scored . Francoeur flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Collins pitching for Royals . Cabrera doubled to deep left . Choo struck out swinging . Santana singled to center , Cabrera scored , Santana to second advancing on throw . Duncan struck out swinging . Lopez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Hosmer flied out to right . Butler grounded out to shortstop . Gordon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Collins pitching for Royals . Kotchman homered to right center ( 431 feet ) . Donald reached on infield single to second . Kipnis homered to left center ( 417 feet ) , Donald scored . Brantley flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Choo lined out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Betancourt singled to left . Betancourt to second on wild pitch by Tomlin . Moustakas doubled to deep right , Betancourt scored . Quintero singled to center , Moustakas to third . Escobar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Moustakas scored , Quintero out at second . Dyson flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Herrera pitching for Royals . Santana struck out swinging . Duncan fouled out to third . Lopez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Francoeur singled to right . Hosmer grounded out to first , Francoeur to second . Butler doubled to deep center , Francoeur scored . Gordon flied out to left . Betancourt safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Donald , Butler to third . Perez pitching for Indians . Moustakas doubled to deep right , Butler scored , Betancourt to third . Smith pitching for Indians . Quintero grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 7th . Mijares pitching for Royals . Kotchman walked . Donald popped out to shortstop . Kipnis flied out to right . Kotchman stole second . Brantley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Smith pitching for Indians . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . Dyson doubled to deep left . Francoeur grounded out to third . Sipp pitching for Indians . Hosmer doubled to deep left , Dyson scored . Butler singled to center , Hosmer scored . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Butler out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Crow pitching for Royals . Cabrera flied out to center . Choo grounded out to second . Santana flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Cunningham in left field . Pestano pitching for Indians . Betancourt homered to left ( 361 feet ) . Moustakas flied out to left . Quintero struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Getz at second base . Broxton pitching for Royals . Cunningham grounded out to second . Lopez grounded out to third . Kotchman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Asencio pitching for Indians . Dyson walked . Francoeur struck out swinging . Dyson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Hosmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 10th . Holland pitching for Royals . Donald singled to center . Kipnis singled to left center , Donald to second . Brantley bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Donald out at third , Kipnis to second . Cabrera flied out to center . Choo doubled to deep center , Kipnis and Brantley scored . Santana intentionally walked . Cunningham struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 10th . Perez pitching for Indians . Butler grounded out to third . Gordon struck out swinging . Getz lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 11 - Royals 9 .	Indians hang on to top Royals in testy affair    \n\n