Indians - Top 1st . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Choo singled to right . Cabrera flied out to center . Kipnis singled to left , Choo to second . Brantley singled to left , Choo scored , Kipnis to second . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Brantley out at second , Kipnis to third . Kotchman lined out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Lowe pitching for Indians . Roberts safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Kotchman . Roberts to second on wild pitch by Lowe . Avery grounded out to second , Roberts to third . Hardy safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera , Roberts scored . Jones reached on infield single to pitcher , Hardy to second . Betemit doubled to deep right , Hardy scored , Jones to third . Davis grounded out to third , Jones scored . Wieters grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Chisenhall grounded out to first . Hannahan popped out to second . Marson walked . Choo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Lowe pitching for Indians . Flaherty grounded out to first . Andino grounded out to shortstop . Roberts singled to left . Avery grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Cabrera homered to right ( 414 feet ) . Kipnis lined out to center . Brantley grounded out to catcher . Damon grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Lowe pitching for Indians . Hardy fouled out to third . Jones grounded out to third . Betemit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Kotchman singled to center . Chisenhall singled to right , Kotchman to second . Hannahan struck out swinging . Marson singled to center , Kotchman to third , Chisenhall to second . Choo walked , Kotchman scored , Chisenhall to third , Marson to second . Cabrera lined out to second . Kipnis singled to right center , Chisenhall and Marson scored , Choo to third . Patton pitching for Orioles . Brantley walked , Kipnis to second . Damon grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Lowe pitching for Indians . Davis walked . Wieters grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . Flaherty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Kotchman grounded out to shortstop . Chisenhall hit by pitch . Duncan ran for Chisenhall . Hannahan walked , Duncan to second . Marson flied out to center , Duncan to third . Choo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Lowe pitching for Indians . Andino walked . Andino stole second . Roberts grounded out to second , Andino to third . Avery grounded out to second , Andino scored . Hardy lined out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Cabrera flied out to right . Kipnis reached on bunt single to third . Brantley grounded out to shortstop , Kipnis to second . Damon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Lowe pitching for Indians . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Betemit singled to deep right . Davis singled to left center , Betemit to third . Wieters homered to right ( 417 feet ) , Betemit and Davis scored . Flaherty walked . Accardo pitching for Indians . Flaherty stole second . Andino walked . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Andino out at second , Flaherty to third . Roberts stole second . Avery walked . Hardy flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Kotchman doubled to deep center . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Duncan doubled to deep left center , Kotchman scored . Hannahan singled to left , Duncan to third . Marson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Duncan scored , Hannahan out at second . Choo singled to right center . Cabrera singled to right , Choo to third . Lindstrom pitching for Orioles . Kipnis grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Cunningham in left field . Smith pitching for Indians . Jones grounded out to third . Betemit grounded out to second . Davis singled to center . Wieters walked , Davis to second . Flaherty singled to right , Davis scored , Wieters to third . Andino struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Strop pitching for Orioles . Brantley struck out swinging . Cunningham lined out to third . Kotchman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Roberts struck out swinging . Avery homered to left ( 387 feet ) . Hardy struck out looking . Jones singled to right . Betemit grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Duncan reached on infield single to third . Hannahan grounded out to second , Duncan to second . Marson struck out swinging . Choo singled to center , Duncan scored . Cabrera flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 8 - Orioles 9 .	Flaherty breaks tie , lifts Orioles past Indians