Angels - Top 1st . McAllister pitching for Indians . Trout struck out swinging . Hunter struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Angels . Choo tripled to center . Cabrera grounded out to first . Kipnis singled to center , Choo scored . Lopez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kipnis out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Morales popped out to third . Trumbo flied out to right . Callaspo fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Angels . Brantley singled to right center . Santana popped out to second . Kotchman singled to center , Brantley to third . Duncan hit sacrifice fly to center , Brantley scored . Hannahan doubled to deep right center , Kotchman scored , Hannahan to third advancing on throw . Choo flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Aybar singled to left . Hester struck out swinging . Trout singled to center , Aybar to second . Hunter flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Angels . Cabrera struck out swinging . Kipnis grounded out to second . Lopez singled to center . Brantley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Pujols flied out to right . Morales struck out swinging . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Angels . Santana grounded out to pitcher . Kotchman grounded out to shortstop . Duncan homered to left ( 395 feet ) . Hannahan flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Callaspo singled to right . Kendrick singled to right , Callaspo to second . Aybar lined out to third . Hester grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Callaspo scored on throwing error by third baseman Hannahan , Kendrick safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Hannahan . Trout homered to left ( 391 feet ) , Kendrick and Hester scored . Hunter flied out to right . Pujols homered to left center ( 409 feet ) . Morales singled to center . Trumbo struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Haren pitching for Angels . Choo doubled to deep center . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Kipnis intentionally walked . Lopez doubled to left , Choo scored , Kipnis to third . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Brantley grounded out to first , Lopez and Kipnis scored on throwing error by first baseman Pujols . Santana walked . Kotchman grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 6th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Callaspo singled to right . Kendrick grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Callaspo out at second . Aybar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Duncan flied out to left . Hannahan struck out swinging . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Cunningham in left field . Smith pitching for Indians . Hester grounded out to pitcher . Trout grounded out to shortstop . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Hawkins pitching for Angels . Cabrera grounded out to first . Kipnis singled to left . Lopez singled to right center , Kipnis to third . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kipnis scored , Lopez out at second . Brantley stole second . Santana grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Pestano pitching for Indians . Pujols popped out to second . Morales doubled to deep center . Trumbo flied out to right . Callaspo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Walden pitching for Angels . Kotchman doubled to deep left . Cunningham singled to right , Kotchman scored . Hannahan doubled to center , Cunningham to third . Choo struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to second . Kipnis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Rogers pitching for Indians . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Aybar doubled to deep right . Izturis hit for Hester . Izturis grounded out to first , Aybar to third . Trout struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 5 - Indians 9 .	McAllister , Duncan power Indians past Angels