Indians - Top 1st . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Choo grounded out to second . Cabrera popped out to second . Kipnis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Lawrie grounded out to third . Rasmus walked . Bautista walked , Rasmus to second . Encarnacion flied out to right , Rasmus to third . Lind doubled to deep right , Rasmus and Bautista scored . Escobar popped out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Lopez singled to shallow center . Santana walked , Lopez to second . Brantley reached on infield single to shortstop , Lopez to third , Santana to second . Duncan hit by pitch , Lopez scored , Santana to third , Brantley to second . Kotchman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Santana scored , Duncan out at second , Brantley to third . Marson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Johnson walked . Davis flied out to right . Arencibia popped out to second . Johnson stole second . Lawrie walked . Rasmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Choo hit ground rule double to deep left center . Cabrera struck out swinging . Kipnis flied out to left . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Choo out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Bautista doubled to right center . Encarnacion homered to left ( 411 feet ) , Bautista scored . Lind reached on infield single to shortstop . Escobar homered to left center ( 456 feet ) , Lind scored . Johnson doubled to deep center . Johnson stole third . Davis struck out swinging . Arencibia doubled to deep right center , Johnson scored . Barnes pitching for Indians . Lawrie doubled to shallow right , Arencibia scored . Rasmus struck out swinging , Lawrie stole third . Bautista walked . Encarnacion walked , Bautista to second . Lind singled to center , Lawrie and Bautista scored , Encarnacion to third . Escobar struck out looking . 8 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Brantley walked . Duncan homered to left ( 395 feet ) , Brantley scored . Kotchman popped out to shortstop . Marson singled to center . Choo walked , Marson to second . Cabrera popped out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Barnes pitching for Indians . Johnson fouled out to first . Davis popped out to second . Arencibia hit ground rule double to right . Lawrie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Kipnis singled to shallow right . Lopez fouled out to third . Santana struck out swinging . Brantley singled to left center , Kipnis to second . Duncan singled to shallow left , Kipnis thrown out at home , Brantley to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Accardo pitching for Indians . Rasmus lined out to shortstop . Bautista flied out to right . Encarnacion homered to left center ( 467 feet ) . Lind singled to shallow left . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Kotchman grounded out to first . Marson grounded out to first . Choo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Accardo pitching for Indians . Johnson grounded out to second . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Arencibia flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera flied out to right . Kipnis grounded out to shortstop . Lopez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Rogers pitching for Indians . Lawrie singled to shallow right . Rasmus flied out to center . Bautista fouled out to first . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Chavez pitching for Blue Jays . Santana walked . Brantley homered to right ( 370 feet ) , Santana scored . Duncan singled to shallow right . Kotchman homered to right ( 386 feet ) , Duncan scored . Carpenter pitching for Blue Jays . Marson grounded out to shortstop . Choo struck out swinging . Cabrera walked . Kipnis walked , Cabrera to second . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Hafner hit for Lopez . Cabrera to third on fielder 's indifference . Hafner singled to shallow left center , Cabrera scored , Kipnis to second . Hannahan ran for Hafner . Santana flied out to right . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Hannahan at third base . Rogers pitching for Indians . Lind grounded out to first . Escobar flied out to center . Johnson fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Brantley popped out to shortstop . Duncan flied out to left . Kotchman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 9 - Blue Jays 11 .	Encarnacion 's 2 homers fuel Blue Jays ' win