Indians - Top 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Kipnis singled to right . Kipnis caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Choo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Trout grounded out to shortstop . Aybar grounded out to first . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Santana grounded out to second . Brantley lined out to right . Kotchman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Morales singled to right . Trumbo singled to left , Morales to second . Morales to third , Trumbo to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Callaspo singled to left , Morales scored , Trumbo to third . Wells reaches on fielder 's choice to shortstop , Trumbo scored , Callaspo safe at second on error by shortstop Lillibridge . Izturis reached on bunt single to catcher , Callaspo to third , Wells to second . Iannetta hit sacrifice fly to center , Callaspo scored . Trout grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Izturis out at second , Wells to third . Trout stole second , Wells scored on throwing error by catcher Santana , Trout safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Lillebridge . Aybar tripled to deep right , Trout scored . Hunter popped out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Lillibridge lined out to shortstop . Hannahan popped out to shortstop . Carrera lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Morales reached on infield single to third . Trumbo flied out to right . Callaspo singled to center , Morales to third . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morales scored , Callaspo out at second . Wells caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Izturis batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Kipnis grounded out to second . Cabrera singled to right . Choo walked , Cabrera to second . Santana struck out swinging . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Choo out at second , Cabrera to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Izturis flied out to center . Iannetta grounded out to shortstop . Trout homered to left ( 382 feet ) . Aybar grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Kotchman grounded out to second . Lillibridge struck out looking . Hannahan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Hunter hit by pitch . Morales doubled to right , Hunter tagged out at home . Trumbo grounded out to pitcher . Callaspo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Santana pitching for Angels . Carrera singled to right . Kipnis grounded out to first , Carrera to second . Cabrera doubled to deep right , Carrera scored . Choo grounded out to second , Cabrera to third . Santana grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Wells grounded out to third . Izturis grounded out to second . Iannetta homered to center ( 417 feet ) . Trout flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Santana pitching for Angels . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . Kotchman struck out looking . Lillibridge flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Rogers pitching for Indians . Aybar grounded out to second . Hunter flied out to center . Morales flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Trout in left field . Bourjos in center field . Wells in right field . Isringhausen pitching for Angels . Hannahan singled to right . Carrera grounded out to second , Hannahan to second . Kipnis walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . Choo homered to center ( 400 feet ) , Hannahan and Kipnis scored . Santana flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Allen pitching for Indians . Trumbo singled to center . Callaspo walked , Trumbo to second . Wells walked , Trumbo to third , Callaspo to second . Izturis popped out to third . Iannetta grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Brantley struck out looking . Kotchman struck out swinging . Lillibridge grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - Angels 8 .	Trout , Santana key Angels vs. Tribe