Athletics - Top 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Crisp popped out to second . Drew flied out to center . Reddick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Parker pitching for Athletics . Kipnis homered to center ( 399 feet ) . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Choo struck out swinging . Brantley walked . Santana walked , Brantley to second . Kotchman grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Cespedes struck out swinging . Smith doubled to deep center . Moss grounded out to first , Smith to third . Donaldson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Parker pitching for Athletics . Carrera struck out swinging . Hannahan singled to center . Marson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hannahan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Kottaras grounded out to first . Pennington flied out to right . Crisp homered to right ( 344 feet ) . Drew popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Parker pitching for Athletics . Kipnis grounded out to first . Cabrera walked . Cabrera stole second . Choo grounded out to second , Cabrera to third . Brantley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Reddick popped out to second . Cespedes singled to left . Smith walked , Cespedes to second . Moss flied out to center , Cespedes to third . Donaldson walked , Smith to second . Kottaras doubled to deep center , Cespedes , Smith and Donaldson scored . Pennington homered to right ( 357 feet ) , Kottaras scored . Crisp flied out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Parker pitching for Athletics . Santana popped out to shortstop . Kotchman popped out to shortstop . Carrera singled to right . Carrera stole second . Hannahan singled to center , Carrera scored . Marson struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Drew singled to right center . Reddick homered to right ( 374 feet ) , Drew scored . Cespedes reached on infield single to third . Seddon pitching for Indians . Cespedes to second on wild pitch by Seddon . Smith struck out swinging . Moss flied out to center , Cespedes to third . Donaldson lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Parker pitching for Athletics . Kipnis doubled to center . Cabrera flied out to center . Kipnis to third on wild pitch by Parker . Choo grounded out to second , Kipnis scored . Brantley doubled to left . Santana popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Seddon pitching for Indians . Kottaras flied out to left . Pennington singled to left . Crisp doubled to left , Pennington to third . Drew hit sacrifice fly to center , Pennington scored , Crisp to third . Reddick singled to right , Crisp scored . Cespedes popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Parker pitching for Athletics . Kotchman singled to right . Carrera doubled to deep right , Kotchman to third . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Hannahan walked . Marson popped out to second . Kipnis walked , Kotchman scored , Carrera to third , Hannahan to second . Cabrera popped out to third . Choo singled to left , Carrera and Hannahan scored , Kipnis to second . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Choo out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Smith grounded out to second . Moss walked . Donaldson walked , Moss to second . Kottaras walked , Moss to third , Donaldson to second . Carter hit for Pennington . Carter hit sacrifice fly to right , Moss scored . Crisp walked , Donaldson to third , Kottaras to second . Smith pitching for Indians . Drew struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Rosales at second base . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Santana walked . Kotchman lined out to right . Carrera walked , Santana to second . Hannahan lined out to center . Miller pitching for Athletics . Marson singled to right center , Santana scored , Carrera to third . Kipnis popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Smith pitching for Indians . Reddick singled to shallow left , Reddick to second on error by left fielder Carrera . Cespedes flied out to center , Reddick to third . Smith grounded out to first . Moss flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Athletics . Cabrera struck out swinging . Choo hit by pitch . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Choo out at second . Santana grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Donaldson homered to left center ( 395 feet ) . Kottaras struck out looking . Rosales popped out to second . Crisp struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Miller pitching for Athletics . Kotchman flied out to center . Carrera popped out to shortstop . Hannahan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 12 - Indians 7 .	A 's continue winning ways , sweep Indians \n