Tigers - Top 1st . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Berry flied out to center . Dirks singled to center . Cabrera singled to right center , Dirks to second . Fielder grounded out to shortstop , Dirks to third , Cabrera to second . Young walked . Boesch reached on infield single to pitcher , Dirks scored , Cabrera to third , Young to second , Cabrera scored , Young to third on throwing error by pitcher Jimenez . Peralta flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Choo grounded out to pitcher . Kipnis walked . Cabrera walked , Kipnis to second . Santana flied out to left . Brantley walked , Kipnis to third , Cabrera to second . Canzler grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Avila struck out swinging . Infante flied out to left . Berry flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Chisenhall flied out to center . Kotchman grounded out to pitcher . Hannahan doubled to deep center . Hannahan to third on passed ball by Avila . Choo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Dirks flied out to right . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Fielder intentionally walked . Young singled to right , Cabrera scored , Fielder to second . Boesch lined out to shortstop . Peralta popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Kipnis grounded out to first . Cabrera grounded out to second . Santana singled to right . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Avila walked . Infante grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Avila out at second . Berry struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Canzler reached on infield single to shortstop . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Kotchman popped out to shortstop . Hannahan doubled to deep right , Canzler to third . Choo singled to left , Canzler and Hannahan scored . Kipnis grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Dirks fouled out to second . Cabrera popped out to first . Fielder flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Cabrera singled to center . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera safe at second on error by second baseman Infante . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santana out at second , Cabrera to third . Canzler reached on infield single to second , Cabrera scored , Brantley to third . Chisenhall grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Brantley scored , Canzler out at second . Kotchman singled to left , Chisenhall to second . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Hannahan struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 6th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Young grounded out to third . Boesch grounded out to shortstop . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Choo struck out looking . Kipnis popped out to third . Cabrera singled to right . Laird catching . Cabrera stole second . Santana reached on infield single to third , Cabrera scored . Santana caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Brantley batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Carrera in left field . Smith pitching for Indians . Laird grounded out to third . Infante singled to left . Berry struck out looking . Dirks singled to left center , Infante to second . Cabrera homered to left center ( 416 feet ) , Infante and Dirks scored . Fielder singled to left . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fielder out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Brantley grounded out to second . Carrera out on batter 's interference to catcher . Carrera batting . Chisenhall struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Pestano pitching for Indians . Boesch grounded out to pitcher . Peralta struck out swinging . Laird flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Kelly in right field . Rottino hit for Kotchman . Villarreal pitching for Tigers . Phelps hit for Rottino . Phelps grounded out to second . Coke pitching for Tigers . Lillibridge hit for Hannahan . Lillibridge struck out swinging . Choo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . LaPorta at first base . Lillibridge at third base . Rogers pitching for Indians . Infante flied out to center . Berry doubled to deep left . Dirks walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . Fielder grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Valverde pitching for Tigers . Kipnis doubled to deep center . Cabrera flied out to center . Santana tripled to deep right , Kipnis scored . Brantley intentionally walked . Carrera intentionally walked , Brantley to second . Chisenhall singled to deep right center , Santana scored , Brantley to third , Carrera to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 6 - Indians 7 .	Indians edge Valverde , Tigers