Indians - Top 1st . Odorizzi pitching for Royals . Choo singled to left center . Kipnis struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to left . Santana grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Huff pitching for Indians . Bourgeois grounded out to second . Escobar flied out to center . Gordon hit by pitch . Butler lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Odorizzi pitching for Royals . Brantley flied out to right . Kotchman grounded out to first . Hannahan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Huff pitching for Indians . Francoeur singled to center . Francoeur caught stealing second , catcher to second . Giavotella popped out to shortstop . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Odorizzi pitching for Royals . Carrera grounded out to pitcher . Marson grounded out to shortstop . Choo singled to center . Kipnis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Huff pitching for Indians . Abreu popped out to second . Moore homered to left ( 437 feet ) . Bourgeois grounded out to shortstop . Escobar fouled out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Odorizzi pitching for Royals . Cabrera fouled out to second . Santana struck out swinging . Brantley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Huff pitching for Indians . Gordon flied out to center . Butler flied out to right . Francoeur struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Odorizzi pitching for Royals . Kotchman flied out to left . Hannahan walked . Carrera flied out to right . Marson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Huff pitching for Indians . Giavotella popped out to third . Hosmer grounded out to second . Abreu lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Odorizzi pitching for Royals . Choo flied out to right . Kipnis tripled to right . Cabrera singled to deep center , Kipnis scored . Santana homered to right ( 395 feet ) , Cabrera scored . Brantley singled to center . Bueno pitching for Royals . Kotchman grounded out to first , Brantley safe at first on missed catch error by shortstop Escobar . Hannahan singled to right , Brantley to second . Carrera flied out to left . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Huff pitching for Indians . Moore walked . Bourgeois lined out to center . Escobar flied out to left . Gordon singled to left center , Moore to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Teaford pitching for Royals . Marson walked . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Marson out at second . Kipnis singled to right , Choo to second . Mazzaro pitching for Royals . Choo stole third , Kipnis stole second , Choo scored on throwing error by catcher Moore . Cabrera walked . Santana singled to right , Kipnis to third , Cabrera to second , Kipnis scored , Cabrera to third , Santana to second on throwing error by right fielder Francoeur . Brantley intentionally walked . Kotchman singled to deep center , Cabrera scored , Santana to third , Brantley to second . Hottovy pitching for Royals . Hannahan singled to left , Santana scored , Brantley to third , Kotchman to second . Carrera grounded out to shortstop , Brantley scored , Kotchman to third , Hannahan to second . Marson walked . Choo lined out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Rogers pitching for Indians . Francoeur doubled to deep right center . Giavotella flied out to right , Francoeur to third . Hosmer walked . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center , Francoeur scored . Moore grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hosmer out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Jeffress pitching for Royals . Falu at shortstop . Kipnis flied out to center . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Santana grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Bourgeois lined out to right . Falu singled to center . Gordon flied out to right . Butler doubled to left , Falu scored . Francoeur singled to center , Butler scored . Smith pitching for Indians . Giavotella grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Francoeur out at second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Jeffress pitching for Royals . Brantley doubled to left . Kotchman grounded out to first , Brantley to third . Hannahan walked . Carrera singled to center , Brantley scored , Hannahan to second . Marson walked , Hannahan to third , Carrera to second . Choo walked , Hannahan scored , Carrera to third , Marson to second . Kipnis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Carrera scored , Choo out at second , Marson to third . Cabrera singled to right , Marson scored , Kipnis to second . Coleman pitching for Royals . Santana homered to right ( 354 feet ) , Kipnis and Cabrera scored . Brantley singled to right . Kotchman flied out to left . 7 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Pestano pitching for Indians . Hosmer fouled out to third . Abreu struck out swinging . Moore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 15 - Royals 4 .	Santana 's 2 HRs , 5 RBIs lift Indians over Royals