Nationals - Top 1st . Burres pitching for Orioles . Lopez grounded out to third . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Perez pitching for Nationals . Roberts lined out to right . Mora doubled to deep left . Markakis singled to center , Mora scored . Millar struck out swinging . Markakis to second on passed ball by Flores . Huff walked . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Huff out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Burres pitching for Orioles . Young singled to center . Boone doubled to deep left center , Young to third . Flores grounded out to second , Young scored , Boone to third . Milledge grounded out to pitcher . Kearns struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Perez pitching for Nationals . Payton grounded out to third . Jones grounded out to second . Cintron singled to right . Cintron caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Roberts batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Burres pitching for Orioles . Pena grounded out to third . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Guzman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Perez pitching for Nationals . Roberts doubled to deep left . Roberts stole third . Mora singled to left , Roberts scored . Markakis homered to center , Mora scored . Millar singled to center . Huff popped out to shortstop . Hernandez struck out swinging . Payton grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Burres pitching for Orioles . Zimmerman homered to left . Young grounded out to third . Boone lined out to third . Flores flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Perez pitching for Nationals . Jones lined out to left . Cintron singled to center . Roberts lined out to shortstop . Mora walked , Cintron to second . Markakis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Burres pitching for Orioles . Milledge struck out swinging . Kearns fouled out to first . Pena singled to center . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Perez pitching for Nationals . Millar singled to shallow left . Huff flied out to center . Hernandez flied out to center . Payton homered to left , Millar scored . Jones singled to pitcher , Jones out advancing at second in rundown . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . Burres pitching for Orioles . Guzman walked . Zimmerman grounded into double play , third to second to first , Guzman out at second . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Cintron reached on infield single to second . Roberts walked , Cintron to second . Mora grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Roberts out at second , Cintron to third . Markakis walked . Nieves catching . Millar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Burres pitching for Orioles . Boone walked . Nieves popped out to shortstop . Milledge flied out to center . Bradford pitching for Orioles . Kearns grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Huff flied out to left . Hernandez lined out to right . Payton popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Bradford pitching for Orioles . Pena singled to left center . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pena out at second . Guzman singled to left center , Lopez to second . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lopez out at third , Guzman to second . Sarfate pitching for Orioles . Young walked , Guzman to third , Zimmerman to second . Boone singled to left , Guzman and Zimmerman scored , Young to second . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Nieves walked , Young to third , Boone to second . Milledge hit by pitch , Young scored , Boone to third , Nieves to second . Kearns struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Jones struck out swinging . Cintron reached on infield single to shortstop . Roberts singled to right center , Cintron to second . Mora flied out to center , Cintron to third . Markakis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Sherrill pitching for Orioles . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Lopez struck out swinging . Guzman popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Orioles 6 .	Markakis , Burres help O 's to 7th win in last eight