Orioles - Top 1st . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Roberts flied out to center . Markakis struck out swinging . Mora flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury singled to center . Pedroia doubled to left , Ellsbury to third . Drew walked . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ellsbury scored , Drew out at second , Pedroia to third . Lowell walked . Youkilis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lowell out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Huff flied out to right . Millar doubled to left . Scott walked . Hernandez hit by pitch , Millar to third , Scott to second . Jones popped out to first . Bynum doubled to left center , Millar and Scott scored , Hernandez to third . Roberts doubled to left , Hernandez and Bynum scored . Markakis lined out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Varitek singled to center . Crisp walked , Varitek to second . Cora grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crisp out at second , Varitek to third . Ellsbury grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Mora struck out looking . Huff singled to left . Millar flied out to right . Scott fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Pedroia singled to left . Pedroia to second on wild pitch by Cabrera . Drew walked . Ramirez singled to center , Pedroia to third , Drew to second . Lowell grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pedroia scored , Ramirez out at second , Drew to third . Youkilis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Drew scored , Lowell out at second . Varitek struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Hernandez grounded out to first . Jones doubled to deep center . Bynum struck out swinging . Roberts flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Crisp bunt grounded out to catcher . Cora lined out to left . Ellsbury grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Markakis singled to center . Markakis caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Mora flied out to center . Huff singled to center . Millar popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Pedroia hit by pitch . Drew homered to right , Pedroia scored . Ramirez homered to left . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . Youkilis struck out swinging . Varitek struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Scott singled to left . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Scott out at second . Jones lined into double play , second to first , Hernandez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Sarfate pitching for Orioles . Crisp batting . Cora batting . Ellsbury grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Bynum batting . Roberts batting . Markakis batting . Mora batting . Huff batting . Millar batting . Scott struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Payton in left field . Sarfate pitching for Orioles . Pedroia flied out to left . Walker pitching for Orioles . Drew struck out swinging . Bradford pitching for Orioles . Ramirez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Hernandez grounded out to first . Jones singled to left . Bynum flied out to center . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Lowell walked . Youkilis struck out swinging . Varitek grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lowell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Hansen pitching for Red Sox . Markakis singled to center . Mora grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Markakis safe at second on error by second baseman Pedroia . Huff singled to shallow left , Markakis to third , Mora to second . Millar popped out to first . Payton reached on infield single to second , Markakis scored , Mora to third , Huff to second . Hernandez singled to center , Mora and Huff scored , Payton to second . Jones grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hernandez out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Sherrill pitching for Orioles . Crisp flied out to left . Lugo hit for Cora . Lugo flied out to center . Ellsbury struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 10 - Red Sox 6 .	Huff , Orioles rally to knock off Red Sox at Fenway