Tigers - Top 1st . Olson pitching for Orioles . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco flied out to right . Thames struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Roberts flied out to center . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Markakis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Olson pitching for Orioles . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera walked . Sheffield homered to left , Cabrera scored . Rodriguez flied out to left . Renteria doubled to deep right . Inge struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Huff doubled to right center . Millar singled to center , Huff to third . Mora doubled to center , Huff scored , Millar to third . Hernandez singled to left , Millar scored , Mora to third . Payton grounded into double play , third to second to catcher , Hernandez out at second , Mora out at home , Payton to first . Fahey grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Olson pitching for Orioles . Granderson doubled to deep right center . Polanco grounded out to pitcher . Thames doubled to deep left , Granderson scored . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Roberts doubled to deep right . Jones singled to left , Roberts to third . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Roberts scored , Jones out at second . Huff flied out to left , Markakis thrown out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Olson pitching for Orioles . Sheffield walked . Rodriguez struck out looking . Renteria walked , Sheffield to second . Inge grounded out to third , Sheffield to third , Renteria to second . Granderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Millar grounded out to shortstop . Mora homered to left . Hernandez flied out to center . Payton singled to right . Fahey singled to center , Payton to second . Roberts walked , Payton to third , Fahey to second . Jones struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Olson pitching for Orioles . Polanco flied out to center . Thames walked . Ordonez singled to left center , Thames to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Ordonez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . Huff flied out to left . Millar singled to deep left . Mora grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Olson pitching for Orioles . Sheffield struck out looking . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Renteria singled to left . Inge homered to left center , Renteria scored . Granderson grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Hernandez walked . Payton singled to deep center , Hernandez to third . Fahey grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hernandez out at home , Payton to second . Roberts grounded into double play , third to first , Payton out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Sarfate pitching for Orioles . Polanco grounded out to third . Thames homered to left . Ordonez grounded out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Joyce in left field . Dolsi pitching for Tigers . Jones singled to left . Seay pitching for Tigers . Markakis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . Huff singled to left center . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Millar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Sarfate pitching for Orioles . Sheffield flied out to left . Rodriguez walked . Renteria grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Santiago at shortstop . Mora grounded out to third . Hernandez grounded out to third . Payton popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Inge flied out to center . Granderson walked . Polanco singled to left , Granderson to second . Joyce struck out looking . Ordonez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Scott hit for Fahey . Scott doubled to deep right . Roberts safe at first on error by shortstop Santiago . Bynum ran for Scott . Jones sacrificed to pitcher , Bynum to third , Roberts to second . Markakis walked . Huff hit sacrifice fly to center , Bynum scored , Roberts to third . Millar grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Tigers 6 - Orioles 5 .	Tigers climb over .500 with close win over Orioles