Orioles - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Roberts flied out to center . Markakis grounded out to second . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Sarfate pitching for Orioles . Sizemore walked . Dellucci tripled to right , Sizemore scored . Francisco singled to left , Dellucci scored . Peralta singled to right , Francisco to second . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Francisco to third , Peralta safe at second on error by shortstop Cintron . Garko hit sacrifice fly to left , Francisco scored . Fasano singled to left , Peralta scored , Choo to second . Marte grounded into double play , third to second to first , Fasano out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Huff grounded out to first . Millar struck out swinging . Scott flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Sarfate pitching for Orioles . Cabrera homered to right . Sizemore walked . Sizemore to second on wild pitch by Sarfate . Dellucci struck out swinging . Francisco struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Hernandez walked . Payton singled to right , Hernandez to second . Cintron grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Payton out at second , Hernandez to third . Roberts grounded out to second , Hernandez scored , Cintron to second . Markakis doubled to deep center , Cintron scored . Mora struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Sarfate pitching for Orioles . Choo struck out swinging . Garko popped out to second . Fasano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Huff homered to right . Millar grounded out to second . Scott flied out to center . Hernandez singled to center . Payton flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Sarfate pitching for Orioles . Marte flied out to center . Cabrera walked . Cabrera to second on passed ball by Hernandez . Sizemore struck out swinging . Dellucci grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Cintron walked . Roberts grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cintron out at second . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Sarfate pitching for Orioles . Francisco walked . Peralta walked , Francisco to second . Castillo pitching for Orioles . Choo hit by pitch , Francisco to third , Peralta to second . Garko singled to left , Francisco scored , Peralta to third , Choo to second . Fasano hit by pitch , Peralta scored , Choo to third , Garko to second . Marte struck out swinging . Cabrera popped out to second . Sizemore flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Mora grounded out to third . Huff flied out to center . Millar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Castillo pitching for Orioles . Dellucci struck out looking . Francisco struck out looking . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Scott grounded out to first . Hernandez walked . Payton walked , Hernandez to second . Cintron singled to center , Hernandez to third , Payton to second . Roberts singled to right , Hernandez scored , Payton to third , Cintron to second . Mujica pitching for Indians . Markakis tripled to deep right , Payton , Cintron and Roberts scored . Mora hit sacrifice fly to right , Markakis scored . Huff struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Cherry pitching for Orioles . Choo doubled to deep right . Garko singled to left , Choo to third . Shoppach hit for Fasano . Shoppach grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Garko to second . Gonzalez ran for Garko . Carroll hit for Marte . Carroll hit sacrifice fly to center , Choo scored , Gonzalez to third . Walker pitching for Orioles . Cabrera doubled to shortstop , Gonzalez scored , Shoppach to third . Sizemore grounded out to first , Shoppach scored , Cabrera to third . Dellucci grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Gonzalez at first base . Shoppach catching . Carroll at third base . Donnelly pitching for Indians . Millar struck out looking . Scott singled to right . Hernandez flied out to left . Payton walked , Scott to second . Cintron popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Walker pitching for Orioles . Francisco homered to left . Peralta doubled to deep left . Choo popped out to third . Gonzalez homered to left , Peralta scored . Bierd pitching for Orioles . Shoppach singled to left . Shoppach to second on wild pitch by Bierd . Carroll walked . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Carroll out at second , Shoppach to third . Sizemore flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Gutierrez in right field . Francisco in left field . Lewis pitching for Indians . Roberts grounded out to second . Markakis doubled to right . Mora flied out to left . Huff flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 8 - Indians 13 .	Cabrera 's double keys Tribe 's seventh - inning rally