Orioles - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for Indians . Roberts reached on infield single to shortstop . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Roberts out at second . Mora doubled to deep left , Markakis to third . Huff safe at first on error by second baseman Cabrera , Markakis scored , Mora to third . Hernandez singled to center , Mora scored , Huff to third . Millar fouled out to catcher . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernandez out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Sizemore singled to right . Dellucci lined out to center . Francisco singled to left , Sizemore to second . Peralta grounded out to third , Sizemore to third , Francisco to second . Choo doubled to deep left , Sizemore and Francisco scored . Shoppach struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for Indians . Montanez flied out to left . Castro grounded out to second . Roberts singled to left . Markakis singled to left center , Roberts to third . Mora lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Garko singled to center . Gonzalez flied out to right . Cabrera singled to shallow right , Garko to second . Sizemore hit by pitch , Garko to third , Cabrera to second . Dellucci grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sizemore out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Jackson pitching for Indians . Huff walked . Hernandez fouled out to third . Millar flied out to right . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Francisco flied out to center . Peralta hit by pitch . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Peralta out at second . Shoppach grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Jackson pitching for Indians . Montanez singled to left . Castro bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Montanez out at second . Roberts grounded out to first , Castro to second . Castro to third on wild pitch by Jackson . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Garko struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Jackson pitching for Indians . Mora fouled out to first . Huff grounded out to second . Hernandez hit ground rule double to deep center . Millar hit ground rule double to deep center , Hernandez scored . Payton popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Sizemore walked . Dellucci grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sizemore out at second . Francisco singled to center , Dellucci to second . Peralta grounded into double play , third to second to first , Francisco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Rincon pitching for Indians . Montanez lined out to right . Castro flied out to right . Roberts struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Choo popped out to third . Shoppach singled to right center . Shoppach to second on wild pitch by Cabrera . Garko walked . Gonzalez flied out to right , Shoppach to third . Cabrera doubled to deep right center , Shoppach scored , Garko to third . Walker pitching for Orioles . Sizemore walked . Gutierrez hit for Dellucci . Cherry pitching for Orioles . Gutierrez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Rincon pitching for Indians . Markakis grounded out to second . Mora singled to center . Huff singled to right , Mora to third . Hernandez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Francisco flied out to center . Carroll hit for Peralta . Carroll walked . Choo struck out swinging . Carroll caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Carroll at second base . Cabrera at shortstop . Perez pitching for Indians . Millar singled to center . Payton safe at first on error by third baseman Gonzalez , Millar to second . Montanez doubled to deep right center , Millar scored , Payton to third . Castro singled to center , Payton and Montanez scored , Castro to second advancing on throw . Mujica pitching for Indians . Roberts grounded out to second , Castro to third . Markakis intentionally walked . Mora doubled to deep left , Castro scored , Markakis to third . Huff intentionally walked . Hernandez walked , Markakis scored , Mora to third , Huff to second . Millar singled to center , Mora and Huff scored , Hernandez to second . Payton fouled out to first . Montanez singled to center , Hernandez scored , Millar to third . Castro popped out to shortstop . 8 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 8th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Shoppach flied out to center . Garko safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Castro . Gonzalez singled to left , Garko to second . Cabrera flied out to center . Sizemore grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 9th . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Cintron hit for Roberts . Cintron doubled to deep right . Markakis flied out to right . Mora grounded out to second , Cintron to third . Huff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Cintron at second base . Quiroz catching . Castillo pitching for Orioles . Gutierrez homered to left center . Francisco grounded out to pitcher . Carroll flied out to center . Choo hit ground rule double to left . Shoppach singled to left , Choo scored . Shoppach to second on fielder 's indifference . Garko doubled to deep left center , Shoppach scored . Gonzalez walked . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garko out at third , Gonzalez to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 11 - Indians 6 .	Orioles eight - run eighth inning does in Indians