Orioles - Top 1st . Miner pitching for Tigers . Roberts doubled to right . Markakis doubled to deep right center , Roberts scored . Mora singled to right , Markakis scored . Huff doubled to left , Mora to third . Millar singled to left , Mora scored , Huff to third . Scott struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Huff scored , Millar out at second . Payton walked , Hernandez to second . Cintron fouled out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Olson pitching for Orioles . Granderson struck out looking . Polanco doubled to left . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera doubled to deep right , Polanco scored . Thames struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Miner pitching for Tigers . Roberts walked . Markakis hit ground rule double to deep left , Roberts to third . Mora lined out to shortstop . Huff intentionally walked . Millar walked , Roberts scored , Markakis to third , Huff to second . Fossum pitching for Tigers . Scott struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Olson pitching for Orioles . Renteria singled to left . Renteria stole second . Raburn struck out swinging . Inge walked . Sardinha struck out looking . Granderson walked , Renteria to third , Inge to second . Polanco walked , Renteria scored , Inge to third , Granderson to second . Sheffield singled to left , Inge and Granderson scored , Polanco to third . Castillo pitching for Orioles . Cabrera singled to left , Polanco scored , Sheffield to second . Thames lined out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Fossum pitching for Tigers . Payton lined out to center . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Renteria flied out to center . Raburn struck out swinging . Inge flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Fossum pitching for Tigers . Markakis flied out to center . Mora homered to left . Huff walked . Millar walked , Huff to second . Scott homered to right , Huff and Millar scored . Hernandez singled to left . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Payton singled to center , Hernandez to second . Cintron grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Payton out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Sardinha grounded out to shortstop . Granderson reached on infield single to third . Polanco lined out to center . Granderson stole second . Sheffield grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Roberts singled to left . Markakis walked , Roberts to second . Mora doubled to deep left center , Roberts and Markakis scored . Huff homered to right , Mora scored . Millar flied out to center . Scott doubled to deep left . Hernandez lined out to right . Payton grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Cabrera struck out swinging . Thames singled to left . Renteria singled to left center , Thames to second . Raburn fouled out to first . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Cintron singled to right . Roberts flied out to center . Markakis flied out to center . Mora doubled to deep left , Cintron to third . Huff intentionally walked . Millar popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Cormier pitching for Orioles . Sardinha lined out to left . Granderson walked . Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop , Granderson to second . Sheffield popped out to first . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Joyce in left field . Santiago at second base . Thames at first base . Beltran pitching for Tigers . Scott homered to right . Hernandez singled to center . Payton singled to left , Hernandez to second . Cintron lined out to center . Castro hit for Roberts . Castro grounded into double play , third to second to first , Payton out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Castro at shortstop . Cintron at second base . Cormier pitching for Orioles . Thames popped out to first . Renteria singled to right . Raburn singled to center , Renteria to second . Inge lined out to center . Sardinha reached on infield single to third , Renteria to third , Raburn to second , Renteria scored , Raburn to third , Sardinha to second on throwing error by third baseman Mora . Granderson walked . Joyce grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 8th . Beltran pitching for Tigers . Markakis singled to right . Mora homered to left , Markakis scored . Huff grounded out to second . Millar lined out to shortstop . Scott struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Quiroz catching . Walker pitching for Orioles . Sheffield popped out to second . Santiago flied out to right . Thames lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Seay pitching for Tigers . Quiroz fouled out to catcher . Payton grounded out to third . Cintron singled to right . Castro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Walker pitching for Orioles . Renteria singled to center . Raburn singled to left , Renteria to second . Inge tripled to deep right center , Renteria and Raburn scored . Sardinha fouled out to first . Granderson flied out to right . Joyce grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 16 - Tigers 8 .	Mora stays red hot with 6 RBIs as O 's crush Tigers