Orioles - Top 1st . Shields pitching for Rays . Roberts singled to left . Payton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Roberts out at second . Markakis fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Burres pitching for Orioles . Iwamura flied out to left . Upton bunt grounded out to third . Pena singled to shallow right . Baldelli doubled to left , Pena to third . Aybar singled to left , Pena and Baldelli scored . Zobrist popped out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Shields pitching for Rays . Huff doubled to right . Millar grounded out to shortstop . Scott grounded out to first , Huff to third . Salazar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Burres pitching for Orioles . Bartlett singled to left . Riggans doubled to deep center , Bartlett scored , Riggans thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Ruggiano struck out swinging . Iwamura struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Shields pitching for Rays . Quiroz grounded out to shortstop . Castro safe at first on error by third baseman Aybar . Roberts flied out to left . Payton lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Burres pitching for Orioles . Upton walked . Pena struck out looking . Baldelli doubled to left , Upton to third . Aybar intentionally walked . Zobrist hit sacrifice fly to left , Upton scored . Bartlett singled to center , Baldelli scored , Aybar to second , Aybar thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Shields pitching for Rays . Markakis doubled to deep left . Huff grounded out to second , Markakis to third . Millar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Markakis out at home . Scott grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Millar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Burres pitching for Orioles . Riggans popped out to second . Ruggiano struck out swinging . Iwamura grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Shields pitching for Rays . Salazar grounded out to shortstop . Quiroz grounded out to shortstop . Castro popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Burres pitching for Orioles . Upton walked . Pena flied out to right . Upton stole second . Baldelli singled to right , Upton to third . Aybar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Baldelli out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Shields pitching for Rays . Roberts singled to center . Payton flied out to left . Markakis walked , Roberts to second . Huff singled to right , Roberts to third , Markakis to second . Millar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Roberts scored , Huff out at second , Markakis to third . Scott grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Burres pitching for Orioles . Zobrist walked . Bartlett singled to left , Zobrist to second . Bierd pitching for Orioles . Riggans grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zobrist out at third , Bartlett to second . Bartlett to third , Riggans to second on wild pitch by Bierd . Ruggiano struck out swinging . Castillo pitching for Orioles . Iwamura hit by pitch . Upton hit by pitch , Bartlett scored , Riggans to third , Iwamura to second . Pena walked , Riggans scored , Iwamura to third , Upton to second . Baldelli walked , Iwamura scored , Upton to third , Pena to second . Walker pitching for Orioles . Aybar popped out to second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Gross in right field . Zobrist in center field . Ruggiano in left field . Shields pitching for Rays . Salazar singled to center . Quiroz walked , Salazar to second . Castro grounded into double play , third to first , Salazar out at third , Quiroz to second . Roberts flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Walker pitching for Orioles . Zobrist lined out to center . Bartlett homered to left center . Riggans doubled to left . Ruggiano grounded out to third , Riggans to third . Iwamura safe at first on error by first baseman Millar , Riggans scored . Gross struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Rays . Payton lined out to center . Montanez hit for Markakis . Montanez safe at first on error by third baseman Aybar . Cintron hit for Huff . Cintron walked , Montanez to second . Hammel pitching for Rays . Millar walked , Montanez to third , Cintron to second . Scott doubled to deep center , Montanez and Cintron scored , Millar to third . Salazar hit sacrifice fly to center , Millar scored . Quiroz grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 8th . Montanez in right field . Cintron at third base . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Pena walked . Hinske hit for Baldelli . Hinske struck out looking . Aybar flied out to left . Zobrist singled to left , Pena to second . Bartlett hit by pitch , Pena to third , Zobrist to second . Riggans grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Hammel pitching for Rays . Castro struck out looking . Roberts grounded out to second . Payton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 4 - Rays 10 .	Rays complete sweep of O 's as Shields solid in 7