Yankees - Top 1st . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Jeter singled to right . Swisher grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jeter out at second . Cano walked . Cano to second on passed ball by Saltalamacchia . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Aviles flied out to left . Sweeney doubled to left . Pedroia fouled out to catcher . Gonzalez hit ground rule double to deep right , Sweeney scored . Ortiz doubled to left , Gonzalez scored . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Teixeira grounded out to second . Granderson struck out looking . Jones walked . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first . Ross singled to left . McDonald doubled to deep center , Ross to third . Aviles singled to center , Ross scored , McDonald to third . Sweeney hit sacrifice fly to right , McDonald scored . Aviles stole second . Pedroia singled to right , Aviles scored . Rapada pitching for Yankees . Gonzalez flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Nunez grounded out to shortstop . Jeter grounded out to second . Swisher singled to left . Cano flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Rapada pitching for Yankees . Ortiz singled to right . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Youkilis hit by pitch , Ortiz to second . Saltalamacchia singled to right , Ortiz to third , Youkilis to second . Ross struck out swinging . McDonald hit sacrifice fly to center , Ortiz scored . Aviles singled to right , Youkilis scored , Saltalamacchia to third . Sweeney grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Aviles out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira struck out looking . Granderson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Pedroia flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Ortiz walked . Spears hit for Youkilis . Spears struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Spears at third base . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Martin struck out swinging . Nunez walked . Jeter singled to center , Nunez to third . Swisher grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep center . Ross homered to center ( 409 feet ) , Saltalamacchia scored . McDonald flied out to right . Aviles flied out to center . Sweeney flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Cano struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Teixeira homered to left ( 381 feet ) . Granderson popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Pedroia singled to center . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pedroia out at second . Ortiz singled to center . Spears grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Jones struck out looking . Martin singled to right . Nunez reached on infield single to third , Martin to second . Jeter walked , Martin to third , Nunez to second . Swisher homered to left ( 391 feet ) , Martin , Nunez and Jeter scored . Cano doubled to left . Albers pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez safe at first on error by shortstop Aviles , Cano to third . Teixeira homered to left ( 350 feet ) , Cano and Rodriguez scored . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Granderson singled to right . Jones struck out swinging . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson out at second . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Soriano pitching for Yankees . Saltalamacchia hit ground rule double to right . Ross grounded out to shortstop . McDonald fouled out to first . Aviles struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Nunez singled to left . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Jeter walked , Nunez to second . Swisher doubled to deep center , Nunez and Jeter scored . Cano intentionally walked . Rodriguez walked , Swisher to third , Cano to second . Teixeira hit ground rule double to deep right , Swisher and Cano scored , Rodriguez to third . Granderson intentionally walked . Ibanez hit for Jones . Thomas pitching for Red Sox . Ibanez lined into double play , to first , Granderson doubled off first . Martin doubled to deep center , Rodriguez and Teixeira scored . Nunez reached on infield single to shortstop , Martin to third . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Nunez stole second . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop , Martin scored , Nunez to third . Swisher flied out to center . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Ibanez in left field . Logan pitching for Yankees . Sweeney flied out to left . Pedroia struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Cano grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Teixeira popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Logan pitching for Yankees . Ortiz singled to right . Eppley pitching for Yankees . Punto hit for Spears . Punto lined into double play , to first , Ortiz doubled off first . Saltalamacchia singled to center . Saltalamacchia to second on wild pitch by Eppley . Ross struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 15 - Red Sox 9 .	Yankees stun Red Sox