Yankees - Top 1st . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Jeter grounded out to pitcher . Granderson struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to right . Cano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Nova pitching for Yankees . Avery doubled to deep right center . Hardy singled to center , Avery scored . Markakis grounded out to first , Hardy to second . Jones doubled to deep center , Hardy scored . Wieters struck out looking . Betemit flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Teixeira flied out to left . Swisher struck out swinging . Ibanez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Nova pitching for Yankees . Davis struck out swinging . Johnson walked . Andino grounded into double play , second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Chavez grounded out to second . Martin flied out to left . Jeter singled to center . Granderson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Nova pitching for Yankees . Avery grounded out to first . Hardy fouled out to third . Markakis reached on infield single to catcher . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez singled to right . Cano singled to right , Rodriguez to second . Teixeira grounded out to first , Rodriguez to third , Cano to second . Swisher doubled to deep right center , Rodriguez and Cano scored . Ibanez grounded out to first , Swisher to third . Chavez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Wieters walked . Betemit singled to left , Wieters to second . Davis grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Betemit out at second , Wieters to third . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Martin walked . Jeter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martin out at second . Granderson homered to right ( 401 feet ) . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Andino walked . Avery tripled to deep right , Andino scored . Hardy homered to left center ( 406 feet ) , Avery scored . Markakis lined out to shortstop . Jones struck out looking . Wieters grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Cano doubled to deep left . Teixeira walked . Swisher walked , Cano to third , Teixeira to second . Ayala pitching for Orioles . Ibanez safe at first on error by first baseman Davis , Cano and Teixeira scored , Swisher to third . Chavez popped out to third . Martin walked , Ibanez to second . Jeter struck out swinging . Granderson flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Betemit grounded out to pitcher . Rapada pitching for Yankees . Davis lined out to first . Johnson walked . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Andino reached on infield single to shortstop , Johnson to second . Avery flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Ayala pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez singled to left center . Cano flied out to left . Teixeira homered to right ( 378 feet ) , Rodriguez scored . Swisher grounded out to pitcher . Ibanez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Hardy flied out to center . Markakis struck out looking . Jones reached on infield single to second . Wieters singled to right , Jones to second . Logan pitching for Yankees . Betemit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Eveland pitching for Orioles . Chavez singled to left center . Martin hit by pitch , Chavez to second . Jeter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Martin out at second , Chavez to third . Granderson walked . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Logan pitching for Yankees . Davis struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . Wade pitching for Yankees . Andino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Eveland pitching for Orioles . Cano flied out to left . Teixeira doubled to deep right center . Swisher intentionally walked . Ibanez hit by pitch , Teixeira to third , Swisher to second . Wise ran for Ibanez . Chavez hit sacrifice fly to center , Teixeira scored , Swisher to third . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Martin struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Wise in left field . Soriano pitching for Yankees . Avery flied out to center . Hardy struck out swinging . Markakis safe at first on error by third baseman Chavez . Markakis to second on fielder 's indifference . Jones grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Yankees 8 - Orioles 5 .	Teixeira helps Yankees beat back Orioles