Mets - Top 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Torres grounded out to shortstop . Bay flied out to left . Wright grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Niese pitching for Mets . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Granderson popped out to third . Teixeira flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Hairston doubled to shallow left . Duda struck out swinging . Rottino singled to center , Hairston scored . Rottino stole second . Quintanilla walked . Nickeas grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rottino to third , Quintanilla safe at second on error by second baseman Cano . Valdespin doubled to right , Rottino and Quintanilla scored , Nickeas to third . Torres walked . Bay struck out swinging . Wright struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Niese pitching for Mets . Rodriguez walked . Cano singled to left , Rodriguez to second . Swisher bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rodriguez out at third , Cano to second . Jones struck out swinging . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Hairston singled to right . Duda struck out swinging . Hairston caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Rottino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Niese pitching for Mets . Nix singled to left . Jeter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Nix out at second . Granderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Quintanilla flied out to left . Nickeas flied out to center . Valdespin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Niese pitching for Mets . Teixeira singled to center . Rodriguez flied out to center . Cano struck out swinging . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Torres struck out swinging . Bay grounded out to shortstop . Wright singled to center . Wright caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Hairston batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Niese pitching for Mets . Jones struck out swinging . Martin struck out swinging . Nix struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Hairston grounded out to pitcher . Duda struck out swinging . Rottino flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Niese pitching for Mets . Jeter reached on infield single to third . Granderson singled to shallow left , Jeter to second . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson out at second , Jeter to third . Rodriguez grounded into double play , second to first , Teixeira out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Rapada pitching for Yankees . Quintanilla struck out swinging . Nickeas flied out to center . Valdespin fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Niese pitching for Mets . Cano singled to left . Swisher grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cano out at second . Jones safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Wright . Martin homered to right ( 348 feet ) , Jones scored . Nix grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 8th . Wade pitching for Yankees . Nieuwenhuis hit for Torres . Nieuwenhuis flied out to right . Bay grounded out to third . Wright walked . Hairston struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Nieuwenhuis in center field . Davis at first base . Parnell pitching for Mets . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop , Jeter to second on error by shortstop Quintanilla . Granderson singled to left center , Jeter to third . Teixeira singled to center , Jeter scored , Granderson to third . Rodriguez singled to shallow right , Granderson scored , Teixeira to second . Byrdak pitching for Mets . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Teixeira out at third , Rodriguez to second . Swisher flied out to right . Rauch pitching for Mets . Ibanez hit for Jones . Ibanez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 9th . Wise in left field . Soriano pitching for Yankees . Duda doubled to deep center . Davis doubled to deep right center , Duda scored . Quintanilla grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davis out at third . Murphy hit for Nickeas . Murphy singled to right , Quintanilla to third . Logan pitching for Yankees . Thole hit for Valdespin . Thole struck out looking . Nieuwenhuis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Murphy at second base . Thole catching . Rauch pitching for Mets . Martin homered to left ( 358 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 4 - Yankees 5 .	Martin , Yanks cap sweep of Mets