Yankees - Top 1st . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Swisher grounded out to third . Teixeira lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus singled to right . Encarnacion grounded out to third , Rasmus to second . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Cano singled to shallow center . Jones walked , Cano to second . Nix safe at first on throwing error by catcher Mathis , Cano scored , Jones to third . Martin walked , Nix to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jones scored , Martin out at second , Nix to third . McGehee struck out looking . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Cooper flied out to center . Johnson homered to right ( 407 feet ) . Vizquel flied out to left . Mathis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Swisher singled to left . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop , Swisher to second . Cano singled to right , Swisher scored , Cano to second on throwing error by right fielder Gose . Jones struck out swinging . Nix flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Gose grounded out to second . Davis popped out to shortstop . Rasmus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . McGehee walked . Jeter singled to left , McGehee to second . Swisher grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McGehee out at third , Jeter to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Encarnacion flied out to right . Escobar reached on bunt single to third . Cooper singled to right , Escobar to second . Johnson doubled to right , Escobar scored , Cooper to third . Vizquel struck out swinging . Mathis grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Teixeira grounded out to third . Cano grounded out to second . Jones popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Gose struck out swinging . Davis flied out to left . Rasmus lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Nix grounded out to shortstop . Martin flied out to right . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Escobar grounded out to third . Cooper flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . McGehee grounded out to shortstop . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Swisher flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Logan pitching for Yankees . Johnson flied out to center . Gomes struck out looking . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Mathis popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Teixeira homered to right ( 404 feet ) . Cano grounded out to second . Jones grounded out to third . Nix singled to right . Martin singled to shallow center , Nix to third , Martin to second advancing on play . Suzuki singled to center , Nix and Martin scored . McGehee flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Gose singled to center . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Gose stole second . Gose stole third . Davis walked . Rasmus grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gose scored , Davis out at second . Encarnacion fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Carpenter pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter singled to left . Swisher doubled to deep left center , Jeter scored . Teixeira flied out to right , Swisher to third . Cano walked . Ibanez singled to right , Swisher scored , Cano to second . Nix struck out swinging . Martin hit by pitch , Cano to third , Ibanez to second . Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki doubled to left center , Cano and Ibanez scored , Martin to third . Granderson grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Rapada pitching for Yankees . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . Cooper singled to right . Johnson struck out swinging . Cooper to second on balk by Rapada . Gomes singled to left , Cooper to third . Eppley pitching for Yankees . Mathis singled to center , Cooper scored , Gomes to third . Gose struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 10 - Blue Jays 4 .	Ichiro drives in 5 to boost Yanks