Yankees - Top 1st . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter singled to left . Suzuki singled to shallow right , Jeter to second . Rodriguez walked , Jeter to third , Suzuki to second . Cano hit sacrifice fly to left , Jeter scored . Swisher singled to left center , Suzuki to third , Rodriguez to second . Granderson hit sacrifice fly to center , Suzuki scored . Jones struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Lawrie struck out swinging . Davis homered to left ( 360 feet ) . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Nunez reached on infield single to third . Nunez to second on wild pitch by Romero . Stewart popped out to first . Jeter struck out swinging . Suzuki fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Gomes walked . Sierra flied out to left . Mathis grounded out to catcher , Gomes to second . Hechavarria grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez walked . Cano reached on infield single to pitcher , Rodriguez to second . Swisher singles on sharp ground ball to right , Rodriguez to third . Cano to second . Granderson popped out to shortstop . Jones struck out swinging . Nunez lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Gose fouled out to catcher . Lawrie struck out looking . Davis singled to shallow right . Encarnacion struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Hill pitching for Blue Jays . Stewart walked . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stewart out at second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jeter out at second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Escobar flied out to right . Gomes flied out to center . Sierra flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Hill pitching for Blue Jays . Cano safe at first on error by pitcher Hill . Swisher walked , Cano to second . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Swisher out at second , Cano to third . Ibanez hit for Jones . Ibanez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Granderson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Suzuki in right field . Ibanez in left field . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Mathis doubled to deep center . Hechavarria grounded out to second , Mathis to third . Gose flied out to center . Lawrie walked . Davis reached on infield single to third , Mathis scored , Lawrie to second . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Hill pitching for Blue Jays . Nunez flied out to center . Stewart grounded out to third . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Escobar batting . Gomes reached on bunt single to first , Escobar to second . Sierra flied out to center . Mathis flied out to center , Escobar to third . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Hechavarria doubled to right center , Escobar scored , Gomes to third , Gomes tagged out at third attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Hill pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki singled to left . Rodriguez struck out looking . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Cano singled to right . Swisher flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Gose struck out looking . Lawrie struck out looking . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Granderson struck out swinging . Ibanez safe at first on error by first baseman Gomes . Gardner ran for Ibanez . Gardner caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Chavez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Eppley pitching for Yankees . Encarnacion flied out to right . Escobar singled to shallow center . Lind hit for Gomes . Logan pitching for Yankees . Lind walked , Escobar to second . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Sierra lined into double play , third to second , Escobar doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Martin hit for Stewart . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Martin struck out looking . Jeter popped out to second . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Rodriguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 2 - Blue Jays 3 .	Yankees fall , share lead with O 's