Yankees - Top 1st . Chen pitching for Orioles . Jeter singled to center . Suzuki safe at first on error by first baseman Reynolds , Jeter to second . Rodriguez lined into double play , second to shortstop , Jeter doubled off second . Cano doubled to deep right , Suzuki scored . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . McLouth flied out to left . Hardy grounded out to second . Davis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Teixeira fouled out to first . Martin flied out to center . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Jones popped out to second . Wieters grounded out to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Nunez popped out to third . Jeter struck out looking . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Rodriguez singled to left , Suzuki to second . Cano grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Thome flied out to left . Machado grounded out to shortstop . Andino singled to center . McLouth singled to center , Andino to second . Hardy walked , Andino to third , McLouth to second . Davis singled to right , Andino and McLouth scored , Hardy to second . Jones singled to left , Hardy to third , Davis to second . Wieters popped out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Swisher struck out swinging . Teixeira singled to center . Martin walked , Teixeira to second . Granderson singled to center , Teixeira to third , Martin to second . Nunez popped out to shortstop . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martin out at third , Granderson to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Reynolds safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Jeter . Thome struck out swinging . Machado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reynolds out at second . Andino grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Machado out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 5th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez flied out to center . Cano grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . McLouth safe at first on error by first baseman Teixeira . Hardy struck out looking . Davis flied out to center . Jones flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 6th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Swisher grounded out to second . Teixeira flied out to left . Martin safe at first on error by shortstop Hardy . Granderson fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Wieters doubled to right center . Reynolds singled to right center , Wieters scored . Thome struck out swinging . Machado grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Reynolds out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Nunez doubled to shallow right center . Jeter singled to left , Nunez scored . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jeter out at second . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez struck out swinging , Suzuki stole second . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Cano intentionally walked . Suzuki to third , Cano to second on wild pitch by Matusz . Swisher flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Andino grounded out to shortstop . McLouth flied out to center . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Teixeira singled to deep left . Martin struck out looking . Granderson struck out swinging . Nunez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Davis singled to center . Chavez ran for Davis . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Jones grounded out to pitcher , Chavez to second . Wieters grounded out to first , Chavez to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Chavez in right field . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 2 - Orioles 3 .	O 's fend off   Yanks , tie up ALDS