Royals - Top 1st. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Berroa hit by pitch. DeJesus doubled to deep left, Berroa scored. Sweeney struck out swinging. Stairs singled to center, DeJesus scored, Stairs to second advancing on throw. Brown struck out swinging. Marrero struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Bautista pitching for Royals. Hudson walked. Catalanotto singled to center, Hudson to second. Koskie fouled out to third. Hillenbrand homered to left, Hudson and Catalanotto scored. Hinske walked. Wells singled to right, Hinske to third. Rios grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wells out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Teahen singled to center. Castillo grounded out to second, Teahen to second. Gotay flied out to center. Berroa doubled to left, Teahen scored. DeJesus singled to right, Berroa scored. Sweeney flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Bautista pitching for Royals. Adams walked. Huckaby grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Adams out at second. Hudson walked. Catalanotto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Stairs grounded out to second. Brown grounded out to shortstop. Marrero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Bautista pitching for Royals. Koskie flied out to center. Hillenbrand hit by pitch. Hinske doubled to deep left, Hillenbrand scored. Wells singled to center, Hinske scored. Rios walked, Wells to second. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Adams fouled out to first. Huckaby struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Bush pitching for Blue Jays. Teahen grounded out to first. Castillo doubled to deep center. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Gotay doubled to left, Castillo tagged out at home. Berroa reached on infield single to third, Gotay to third. DeJesus fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Hudson walked. Catalanotto grounded out to first, Hudson to second. Koskie doubled to deep left center, Hudson scored. Hillenbrand singled to right, Koskie scored. Hinske struck out swinging. Wells popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 5th. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. Stairs walked. Brown flied out to center. Marrero doubled to deep left, Stairs to third. Teahen singled to center, Stairs and Marrero scored. Teahen caught stealing second, catcher to second. Castillo batting. Cerda pitching for Royals. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Cerda pitching for Royals. Rios fouled out to first. Adams struck out looking. Huckaby walked. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Hudson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Castillo struck out swinging. Gotay grounded out to first. Johnson hit for Catalanotto. Berroa flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Cerda pitching for Royals. Johnson grounded out to second. Koskie flied out to left. Hillenbrand walked. Johnson in left field. Hinske grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. DeJesus doubled to deep left. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Sweeney struck out swinging. Stairs homered to right, DeJesus scored. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Brown homered to left. Marrero walked. Teahen struck out swinging. Castillo walked, Marrero to second. Sisco pitching for Royals. Gotay flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Sisco pitching for Royals. Wells walked. McDonald hit for Adams. Rios grounded out to third, Wells to second. McDonald walked. Huckaby struck out swinging. Hudson walked, Wells to third, McDonald to second. McDonald at shortstop. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Berroa singled to left. Berroa caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. DeJesus struck out looking. Sweeney singled to center. Stairs singled to right, Sweeney to second. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Sweeney to third, Stairs to second on wild pitch by Batista. Burgos pitching for Royals. Brown flied out to right. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Burgos pitching for Royals. Koskie homered to left. Hillenbrand singled to left. Hinske singled to right, Hillenbrand to second. Wells safe at first on error by third baseman Teahen, Hillenbrand to third, Hinske to second. Rios doubled to deep center, Hillenbrand and Hinske scored, Wells to third. McDonald grounded out to third. Huckaby sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wells scored, Rios to third. Nunez pitching for Royals. Hudson hit ground rule double to right, Rios scored, Huckaby to third. Hudson out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Johnson grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 9th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Marrero walked. Long hit for Castillo. Teahen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Marrero out at second. Long grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Teahen out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 9 - Blue Jays 12.	Royals flushed: Jays' rally scores five in the eighth