Blue Jays - Top 1st. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Johnson singled to left. Hudson doubled to deep center, Johnson scored, Hudson to third advancing on throw. Hill singled to left, Hudson scored. Hillenbrand lined out to pitcher, Hill to second. Hinske reached on infield single to shortstop, Hill to third. Wells homered to left, Hill and Hinske scored. Zaun reached on infield single to second. Catalanotto reached on infield single to third, Zaun to second. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to first, Catalanotto out at second, Zaun to third. Johnson grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Gaudin pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki singled to center. Winn walked, Suzuki to second. Beltre grounded out to second, Suzuki to third, Winn to second. Sexson struck out swinging. Ibanez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Hudson grounded out to second. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Gaudin pitching for Blue Jays. Boone popped out to second. Reed singled to left. Bloomquist fouled out to first. Rivera singled to center, Reed to second. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Hinske singled to right. Wells homered to left, Hinske scored. Zaun struck out swinging. Catalanotto singled to center. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Catalanotto out at second. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Seattle's Franklin ejected by Wolf in the 3rd. Hudson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Gaudin pitching for Blue Jays. Winn grounded out to pitcher. Beltre struck out swinging. Sexson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Hill flied out to center. Hillenbrand struck out looking. Hinske grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Gaudin pitching for Blue Jays. Ibanez hit ground rule double to deep right. Boone struck out swinging. Reed struck out swinging. Bloomquist grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Wells flied out to center. Zaun flied out to center. Catalanotto flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Gaudin pitching for Blue Jays. Rivera struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to shallow right. Winn singled to right, Suzuki to third. Beltre doubled to deep left center, Suzuki and Winn scored. Sexson walked. Ibanez struck out swinging, Beltre stole third, Sexson stole second. Boone grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Adams flied out to right. Johnson popped out to second. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Hudson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Reed struck out swinging. Bloomquist safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Adams. Rivera singled to left, Bloomquist to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rivera out at second, Bloomquist to third. Winn popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Hill singled to right. Hillenbrand homered to left, Hill scored. Hinske struck out swinging. Wells fouled out to first. Zaun struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Beltre walked. Beltre to second on passed ball by Zaun. Sexson grounded out to third. Morse hit for Boone. Ibanez flied out to center, Beltre to third. Dobbs at third base. Hansen at first base. Morse at shortstop. Bloomquist at second base. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Morse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Catalanotto singled to left. Adams flied out to left. Johnson lined out to shortstop. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Hudson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Reed doubled to deep right. Bloomquist grounded out to second, Reed to third. Rivera singled to left, Reed scored. Suzuki reached on infield single to third, Rivera to second. Winn singled to right, Rivera to third, Suzuki to second. Dobbs flied out to left. Hansen flied out to right. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Hill grounded out to third. Menechino hit for Hinske. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. Menechino hit by pitch. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Wells lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Ibanez singled to right. Morse walked, Ibanez to second. Reed singled to right, Ibanez scored, Morse to second. Johnson in left field. Rios in right field. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Bloomquist doubled to deep center, Morse and Reed scored. Rivera grounded out to shortstop, Bloomquist to third. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop, Bloomquist scored. Winn doubled to deep center. Dobbs popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 9 - Mariners 7.	All's Wells: Vernon hits two HRs in Jays win over Seattle