Brewers - Top 1st. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Clark walked. Clark to second on wild pitch by Chacin. Weeks popped out to second. Overbay struck out swinging. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Davis pitching for Brewers. Johnson struck out swinging. Catalanotto hit by pitch. Hill singled to right, Catalanotto to third. Hillenbrand singled to right, Catalanotto scored, Hill to second. Rios struck out swinging. Zaun singled to center, Hill scored, Hillenbrand to second. Hinske homered to center, Hillenbrand and Zaun scored. Menechino homered to left. McDonald struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Hall doubled to deep center. Miller fouled out to first, Hall to third. Helms hit sacrifice fly to center, Hall scored. Moeller catching. Jenkins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Davis pitching for Brewers. Johnson grounded out to third. Catalanotto singled to center. Hill doubled to left, Catalanotto thrown out at home, Hill to third advancing on throw. Hillenbrand singled to center, Hill scored. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Rios walked, Hillenbrand to second. Zaun flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy doubled to deep right center. Clark singled to left, Hardy to third. Weeks hit ground rule double to deep left, Hardy scored, Clark to third. Overbay hit sacrifice fly to center, Clark scored. Lee singled to left, Weeks scored. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Hall singled to center, Lee to second. Moeller lined out to center, Lee to third. Helms grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hall out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Hinske walked. Menechino singled to right, Hinske to third. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hinske scored, Menechino out at second. Johnson walked, McDonald to second. Catalanotto lined into double play, center to second, McDonald doubled off second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Jenkins struck out looking. Hardy walked. Clark grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hardy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Hill singled to right. Hillenbrand grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hill out at second. Rios lined out to right. Zaun flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Weeks struck out looking. Overbay flied out to left. Lee grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Hinske flied out to center. Menechino homered to center. McDonald grounded out to third. Johnson popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Hall homered to left. Moeller grounded out to shortstop. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Helms walked. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Jenkins grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Helms out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Catalanotto reached on infield single to first. Catalanotto to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Hillenbrand popped out to third. Rios walked. Zaun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy grounded out to second. Clark flied out to left. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Weeks walked. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Hinske flied out to center. Menechino walked. McDonald struck out swinging. Hudson at second base. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Lee walked. Hall lined into double play, shortstop to first, Lee doubled off first. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Moeller struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Catalanotto lined out to first. Hill flied out to right. Hillenbrand singled to center. Gross in left field. Fielder hit for Helms. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Fielder struck out swinging. Cirillo hit for Hardy. Jenkins walked. Cirillo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jenkins out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 5 - Blue Jays 9.	Menechino homers twice as Jays rough up Davis, Brewers