Brewers - Top 1st. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Cirillo popped out to first. Overbay singled to center. Lee flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Johnson grounded out to first. Catalanotto flied out to right. Hill doubled to right center. Hillenbrand flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Hall fouled out to first. Fielder singled to left center. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fielder out at second. Weeks stole second. Jenkins popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Menechino walked. Hinske struck out swinging. Menechino caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. McDonald batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Moeller walked. Clark doubled to deep left center, Moeller to third. Cirillo doubled to deep center, Moeller and Clark scored. Overbay flied out to left, Cirillo to third. Lee hit sacrifice fly to right, Cirillo scored. Hall grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. McDonald walked. Huckaby walked, McDonald to second. Johnson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Huckaby out at second, McDonald to third. Catalanotto hit by pitch. Hill walked, Catalanotto to second. Hillenbrand fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Fielder popped out to second. Weeks struck out swinging. Jenkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Rios struck out swinging. Menechino walked. Hinske struck out swinging. McDonald fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 5th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Moeller singled to center. Clark reached on infield single to third, Moeller to second. Cirillo bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Moeller out at third, Clark to second. Overbay flied out to center. Lee reached on infield single to first, Clark tagged out at home, Cirillo to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Huckaby struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. Catalanotto homered to right. Hill reached on infield single to third. Hillenbrand singled to left, Hill to second. Rios struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Hall doubled to deep left center. Fielder grounded out to second, Hall to third. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Weeks singled to right center, Hall scored. Jenkins doubled to left center, Weeks out at home. Wise pitching for Brewers. Hudson hit for Menechino. Moeller struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Wise pitching for Brewers. Hudson walked. Adams hit for McDonald. Hinske struck out swinging. Hudson at second base. Adams at shortstop. Adams grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hudson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Clark struck out swinging. Cirillo flied out to center. Overbay reached on infield single to shortstop. Zaun hit for Huckaby. Lee flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Wise pitching for Brewers. Zaun struck out swinging. Johnson flied out to right. Zaun catching. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Catalanotto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Hall struck out looking. Fielder struck out swinging. Weeks walked. Jenkins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Wise pitching for Brewers. Hill singled to left. Hillenbrand singled to left, Hill to second. Phelps pitching for Brewers. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hillenbrand out at second, Hill to third, Hill scored on throwing error by second baseman Weeks. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rios out at second. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Hinske struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 9th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Moeller grounded out to second. Clark walked. Clark stole second. Cirillo struck out swinging. Overbay safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Adams, Clark advanced to third on play, Clark scored, Overbay to second on throwing error by shortstop Adams. Lee intentionally walked. Hall grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Adams doubled to deep right. Adams to third on wild pitch by Turnbow. Zaun walked. Johnson flied out to left. Catalanotto fouled out to first. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 5 - Blue Jays 2.	Brewers end rough road trip on good note, beat Blue Jays