Blue Jays - Top 1st. Young pitching for Rangers. Adams flied out to center. Catalanotto flied out to right. Wells grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Dellucci grounded out to second. Young struck out swinging. Teixeira flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Young pitching for Rangers. Hillenbrand walked. Hill struck out looking. Zaun singled to right, Hillenbrand to third. Hinske struck out swinging. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zaun out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Blalock lined out to right. Mench doubled to deep left. Matthews Jr doubled to deep center, Mench scored. Nix grounded out to first, Matthews Jr to third. Alomar Jr singled to center, Matthews Jr scored. Derosa popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Young pitching for Rangers. McDonald grounded out to second. Adams singled to center. Catalanotto fouled out to left. Wells struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Dellucci struck out swinging. Young doubled to right. Teixeira struck out swinging. Blalock doubled to deep right center, Young scored. Mench popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Young pitching for Rangers. Hillenbrand singled to center. Hill flied out to right. Hillenbrand stole second. Zaun singled to center, Hillenbrand scored, Zaun to second advancing on throw. Hinske struck out swinging. Rios struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. Nix flied out to left. Alomar Jr popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Young pitching for Rangers. McDonald singled to right. Adams walked, McDonald to second. Catalanotto walked, McDonald to third, Adams to second. Rodriguez pitching for Rangers. Wells doubled to deep center, McDonald, Adams and Catalanotto scored. Hillenbrand grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wells out at third. Hill safe at first on error by pitcher Rodriguez, Hillenbrand to second. Zaun lined into double play, to first, Hill doubled off first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Derosa grounded out to second. Dellucci singled to right. Young singled to right, Dellucci to third. Teixeira walked, Young to second. Blalock singled to right, Dellucci and Young scored, Teixeira to third. Mench popped out to second. Matthews Jr fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Hinske lined out to right. Rios grounded out to first. McDonald singled to right. Adams struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Nix doubled to deep right. Alomar Jr lined out to left. Derosa flied out to center. Dellucci struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Catalanotto lined out to first. Wells popped out to second. Hillenbrand doubled to right. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Hill grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Young lined out to second. Teixeira safe at first on error by shortstop Adams. Blalock struck out swinging, Teixeira stole second. Teixeira to third on wild pitch by Schoeneweis. Mench intentionally walked. Matthews Jr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Zaun singled to right. Loe pitching for Rangers. Hinske doubled to right, Zaun to third. Rios grounded out to shortstop, Zaun scored, Hinske to third. McDonald grounded out to pitcher. Adams grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Nix flied out to right. Alomar Jr walked. Derosa homered to left center, Alomar Jr scored. Dellucci singled to right. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Young grounded out to first, Dellucci to second. Teixeira homered to right, Dellucci scored. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Blalock struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Catalanotto flied out to left. Wells singled to center. Hillenbrand hit by pitch, Wells to second. Hill doubled to deep center, Wells and Hillenbrand scored, Hill to third on error by second baseman Derosa. Zaun walked. Hinske doubled to deep center, Hill scored, Zaun to third. Johnson hit for McDonald. Rios struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 8 - Rangers 9.	Rangers hold off Jays, sweep series