Blue Jays - Top 1st. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Adams singled to right. Catalanotto flied out to center. Wells struck out swinging, Adams stole second. Koskie walked. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Damon popped out to second. Renteria singled to left center. Ortiz grounded into fielder's choice to first, Renteria out at second. Ramirez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Hinske grounded out to first. Zaun flied out to center. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Varitek grounded out to shortstop. Millar grounded out to second. Mueller grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Hill fouled out to first. Adams lined out to second. Catalanotto reached on infield single to second. Wells flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Nixon grounded out to first. Graffanino singled to center. Damon doubled to left, Graffanino to third. Renteria doubled to deep left, Graffanino and Damon scored. Ortiz singled to right, Renteria scored. Ramirez reached on infield single to third, Ortiz to second. Varitek flied out to right, Ortiz to third, Ramirez to second. Millar flied out to right. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Koskie singled to right. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. Hinske struck out swinging. Zaun homered to right, Koskie scored. Johnson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Mueller singled to center. Nixon doubled to deep left, Mueller to third. Graffanino flied out to center. Damon singled to left, Mueller scored, Nixon to third. Renteria singled to right, Nixon scored, Damon to second. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Ortiz flied out to right, Damon to third. Ramirez walked, Renteria to second. Varitek fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Hill singled to center. Adams singled to right, Hill to third. Catalanotto hit ground rule double to deep right, Hill scored, Adams to third. Wells hit sacrifice fly to center, Adams scored, Catalanotto to third. Koskie struck out swinging. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Millar reached on infield single to third. Mueller grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Millar out at second. Nixon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Hinske flied out to center. Zaun grounded out to shortstop. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Graffanino flied out to center. Damon singled to left center. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to second, Damon out at second. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Hill singled to left. Adams popped out to third. Catalanotto singled to center, Hill to third. Myers pitching for Red Sox. Wells singled to center, Hill scored, Catalanotto to third. Wells stole second. Bradford pitching for Red Sox. Koskie walked. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. Hinske grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Varitek struck out looking. Millar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Bradford pitching for Red Sox. Zaun walked. Johnson singled to left, Zaun to second. Hansen pitching for Red Sox. Hill sacrificed to catcher, Zaun to third, Johnson to second. Adams hit sacrifice fly to right, Zaun scored. Catalanotto reached on infield single to third, Johnson to third. Wells walked, Catalanotto to second. Rios in right field. Johnson in left field. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Koskie flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Mueller struck out swinging. Nixon walked. Harville pitching for Red Sox. Graffanino grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nixon out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Harville pitching for Red Sox. Hillenbrand walked. Hinske doubled to deep center, Hillenbrand to third. Zaun fouled out to right. Gonzalez pitching for Red Sox. Johnson hit by pitch. Hill hit sacrifice fly to right, Hillenbrand scored, Hinske to third. Johnson to second on passed ball by Varitek. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Adams flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Batista pitching for Blue Jays. Damon struck out swinging. Renteria grounded out to third. Ortiz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 7 - Red Sox 5.	Jays earn DH split, halt BoSox march