Indians - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Sizemore struck out looking . Michaels grounded out to third . Peralta popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Podsednik struck out swinging . Iguchi fouled out to right . Thome flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Hafner grounded out to second . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . Perez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Konerko struck out swinging . Dye reached on infield single to third . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dye out at second . Crede struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Belliard flied out to right . Boone singled to center . Blake walked , Boone to second . Sizemore grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Blake out at second , Boone to third . Michaels popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Uribe walked . Anderson doubled to left , Uribe to third . Podsednik grounded out to second , Uribe scored , Anderson to third . Iguchi singled to left center , Anderson scored . Thome walked , Iguchi to second . Graves pitching for Indians . Konerko hit sacrifice fly to right , Iguchi scored . Dye reached on infield single to third , Thome to third . Pierzynski walked , Dye to second . Crede grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pierzynski out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Peralta singled to center . Hafner grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Peralta out at second . Martinez doubled to deep right , Hafner scored . Perez homered to left , Martinez scored . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Boone grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Uribe walked . Anderson walked , Uribe to second . Podsednik flied out to right , Uribe to third . Anderson stole second . Iguchi hit sacrifice fly to left , Uribe scored . Thome homered to right , Anderson scored . McCarthy pitching for White Sox . Konerko flied out to left . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . McCarthy pitching for White Sox . Blake flied out to center . Sizemore popped out to second . Michaels flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Dye walked . Dye stole second . Pierzynski singled to right , Dye scored , Pierzynski to second on error by right fielder Blake . Miller pitching for Indians . Crede walked . Uribe grounded out to first , Pierzynski to third , Crede to second . Anderson singled to center , Pierzynski and Crede scored . Mackowiak in left field . Podsednik flied into double play , left to first , Anderson doubled off first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . McCarthy pitching for White Sox . Peralta struck out looking . Hafner flied out to left . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Indians . Iguchi walked . Thome walked , Iguchi to second . Konerko grounded into double play , third to second to first , Thome out at second , Iguchi to third . Dye singled to center , Iguchi scored . Pierzynski safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta , Dye to second . Crede grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pierzynski out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 7th . McCarthy pitching for White Sox . Perez grounded out to first . Belliard grounded out to third . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Boone grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Uribe flied out to right . Anderson struck out swinging . Mackowiak hit by pitch . Politte pitching for White Sox . Iguchi flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Politte pitching for White Sox . Blake doubled to deep left . Sizemore struck out swinging . Michaels singled to left , Blake to third . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Peralta hit sacrifice fly to right , Blake scored . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Cintron hit for Thome . Hafner struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Cintron struck out swinging . Gload hit for Dye . Konerko flied out to left . Gload in right field . Gload flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Perez lined out to second . Belliard singled to center . Boone flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - White Sox 10 .	White Sox celebrate title , win rain - soaked opener