Indians - Top 1st . Redman pitching for Royals . Sizemore singled to left . Michaels singled to right , Sizemore to second . Peralta singled to left , Sizemore scored , Michaels to second . Hafner struck out swinging . Martinez walked , Michaels to third , Peralta to second . Perez hit sacrifice fly to right , Michaels scored , Peralta to third . Belliard popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Lee pitching for Indians . Graffanino flied out to right . Grudzielanek singled to left center . Sweeney singled to left , Grudzielanek to second . Sanders struck out swinging . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Redman pitching for Royals . Boone struck out swinging . Blake grounded out to third . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Lee pitching for Indians . Teahen grounded out to second . Berroa singled to left . Costa singled to right , Berroa to third . Buck struck out swinging . Graffanino popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Redman pitching for Royals . Michaels flied out to center . Peralta walked . Hafner grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Lee pitching for Indians . Grudzielanek lined out to second . Sweeney doubled to deep left . Sanders grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sweeney out at third . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Redman pitching for Royals . Martinez grounded out to third . Perez doubled to deep center . Perez to third on wild pitch by Redman . Belliard singled to left , Perez scored . Boone popped out to shortstop . Blake struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Lee pitching for Indians . Teahen struck out looking . Berroa flied out to center . Costa flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Redman pitching for Royals . Sizemore popped out to shortstop . Michaels struck out looking . Peralta flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Lee pitching for Indians . Buck lined out to left . Graffanino flied out to center . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Redman pitching for Royals . Hafner grounded out to first . Martinez lined out to first . Perez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Lee pitching for Indians . Sweeney singled to left . Sanders singled to left center , Sweeney to third . Brown hit sacrifice fly to right , Sweeney scored . Sanders stole second . Teahen walked . Berroa singled to right center , Sanders scored , Teahen to third . Costa hit sacrifice fly to center , Teahen scored . Graves pitching for Indians . Buck singled to center , Berroa to second . Dessens pitching for Royals . Graffanino grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Dessens pitching for Royals . Belliard singled to center . Boone sacrificed to pitcher , Belliard to second . Blake lined out to first . Sizemore reached on infield single to second , Belliard to third . Michaels walked , Sizemore to second . Peralta doubled to deep left , Belliard , Sizemore and Michaels scored . Sisco pitching for Royals . Hafner intentionally walked . Mota pitching for Indians . Martinez popped out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Mota pitching for Indians . Grudzielanek singled to left . Sweeney popped out to shortstop . Sanders singled to right , Grudzielanek to second . Brown grounded out to pitcher , Grudzielanek to third , Sanders to second . Peralta pitching for Royals . Broussard hit for Perez . Teahen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Broussard flied out to center . Belliard safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Teahen . Boone popped out to second . Gobble pitching for Royals . Blake reached on infield single to pitcher , Belliard to third . Broussard at first base . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Mota pitching for Indians . Berroa doubled to deep left . Mientkiewicz hit for Buck . Costa grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Berroa out at third . Costa to third on wild pitch by Mota . Stairs hit for Graffanino . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . Bako catching . Mientkiewicz at first base . Nelson pitching for Royals . Stairs popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Nelson pitching for Royals . Michaels grounded out to second . Peralta walked . Hafner struck out swinging . Wickman pitching for Indians . Martinez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Wickman pitching for Indians . Grudzielanek singled to right . Sweeney doubled to deep left , Grudzielanek to third . Sanders hit sacrifice fly to center , Grudzielanek scored , Sweeney to third . Brown hit sacrifice fly to right , Sweeney scored . Teahen struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 6 - Royals 5 .	Indians send reeling Royals to 11th straight loss