Red Sox - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Youkilis walked . Loretta struck out swinging . Ortiz walked , Youkilis to second . Ramirez flied out to left . Nixon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Sizemore struck out swinging . Michaels struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Varitek walked . Lowell singled to center , Varitek to second . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lowell out at second , Varitek to third . Gonzalez walked , Harris to second . Youkilis struck out swinging . Loretta singled to center , Varitek and Harris scored , Gonzalez to second . Ortiz flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Hafner grounded out to second . Martinez walked . Broussard homered to right , Martinez scored . Belliard flied out to right . Boone flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Ramirez singled to right . Nixon flied out to center . Varitek singled to center , Ramirez to second . Varitek caught stealing second , pitcher to third to second . Ramirez out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Lowell batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Blake grounded out to shortstop . Sizemore tripled to deep right center . Michaels singled to right , Sizemore scored . Peralta flied out to center . Hafner doubled to deep right center , Michaels scored . Martinez struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Lowell walked . Harris bunt popped out to catcher . Gonzalez lined out to center . Lowell to second on wild pitch by Westbrook . Youkilis reached on infield single to third , Lowell to third . Loretta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Youkilis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Broussard struck out swinging . Belliard grounded out to second . Boone singled to right . Blake flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Ortiz walked . Ramirez singled to right , Ortiz to second . Nixon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second , Ortiz to third . Varitek grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Sizemore flied out to right . Michaels fouled out to right . Davis pitching for Indians . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Davis pitching for Indians . Lowell singled to left . Harris walked , Lowell to second . Gonzalez sacrificed to third , Lowell to third , Harris to second . Youkilis hit sacrifice fly to left , Lowell scored . Loretta flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Hafner singled to center . Martinez struck out swinging . Broussard singled to center , Hafner to second . Belliard fouled out to first . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Boone struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Mota pitching for Indians . Ortiz homered to right center . Ramirez walked . Nixon flied out to center . Varitek singled to right , Ramirez to second . Lowell singled to left , Ramirez scored , Varitek to second , Varitek to third advancing on throw . Harris grounded into double play , shortstop to catcher to first to shortstop , Varitek out at home , Lowell out at second , Harris to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Blake doubled to deep left center . Sizemore singled to left center , Blake scored . Michaels lined into double play , pitcher to first , Sizemore out at first . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Peralta walked . Snow hit for Gonzalez . Hafner struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Mota pitching for Indians . Snow struck out swinging . Youkilis singled to center . Youkilis stole second . Loretta popped out to second . Ortiz intentionally walked . Graves pitching for Indians . Ramirez homered to right center , Youkilis and Ortiz scored . Cora at shortstop . Nixon grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Martinez grounded out to second . Broussard doubled to center . Belliard struck out looking . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Boone doubled to deep left , Broussard scored . Blake walked . Sizemore struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Graves pitching for Indians . Varitek flied out to center . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Harris grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Michaels popped out to second . Peralta struck out swinging . Hafner grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 8 - Indians 6 .	Ramirez 's 3 - run HR powers Red Sox past Indians