Rangers - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Matthews Jr walked . Young singled to center , Matthews Jr to second . Teixeira singled to left , Matthews Jr scored , Young to second . Nevin singled to left , Young to third , Teixeira to second . Blalock grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Young scored , Nevin out at second , Teixeira to third . Mench hit sacrifice fly to center , Teixeira scored . Wilkerson grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Sizemore grounded out to third . Michaels struck out looking . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Barajas struck out swinging . Jimenez grounded out to second . Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Hafner struck out looking . Martinez singled to left . Broussard flied out to left . Boone struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Young flied out to right . Teixeira struck out swinging . Nevin lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Vazquez reached on infield single to second . Blake singled to center , Vazquez to third . Sizemore grounded into double play , first to catcher , Vazquez out at home , Blake out at second , Blake out at third , Sizemore to first . Michaels struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Blalock struck out looking . Mench struck out looking . Wilkerson singled to center . Barajas singled to center , Wilkerson to second . Jimenez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Peralta flied out to center . Hafner popped out to shortstop . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Matthews Jr grounded out to first . Young grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Broussard reached on infield single to second . Boone struck out swinging . Vazquez singled to center , Broussard to second . Blake doubled to deep right center , Broussard and Vazquez scored , Blake to third on throwing error by second baseman Jimenez . Sizemore struck out looking . Michaels grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Nevin struck out swinging . Blalock grounded out to second . Mench singled to right . Wilkerson homered to center , Mench scored . Guthrie pitching for Indians . Barajas singled to center . Jimenez doubled to deep left , Barajas scored . Matthews Jr doubled to deep right , Jimenez scored . Matthews Jr to third on wild pitch by Guthrie . Young grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Peralta singled to right . Peralta to second on passed ball by Barajas . Hafner grounded out to third . Martinez singled to left , Peralta to third . Broussard popped out to second . Boone popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Guthrie pitching for Indians . Teixeira walked . Nevin grounded out to shortstop , Teixeira to second . Blalock flied out to left . Mench struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Vazquez grounded out to first . Blake flied out to right . Slocum pitching for Indians . Sizemore flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Slocum pitching for Indians . Wilkerson struck out looking . Barajas walked . Jimenez flied out to center . Alfonseca pitching for Rangers . Matthews Jr grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Alfonseca pitching for Rangers . Michaels flied out to right . Peralta singled to left center . Hafner singled to left center , Peralta to third . Martinez grounded out to first , Peralta scored , Hafner to second . Broussard homered to right , Hafner scored . Graves pitching for Indians . Boone grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Graves pitching for Indians . Young lined out to right . Teixeira singled to center . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Belliard hit for Vazquez . Nevin grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Teixeira out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Belliard walked . Blake struck out swinging . Hollandsworth hit for Michaels . Sizemore singled to right , Belliard to third . Hollandsworth lined into double play , second to first , Sizemore doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 7 - Indians 5 .	Mench 's home run streak ends , but Rangers top Tribe