Rangers - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Young grounded out to third . Teixeira struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Sizemore tripled to deep right center . Hollandsworth grounded out to third . Peralta struck out swinging . Hafner singled to center , Sizemore scored . Martinez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Nevin grounded out to shortstop . Blalock walked . Mench grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Blalock out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Broussard grounded out to shortstop . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Vazquez lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Wilkerson struck out swinging . DeRosa singled to right . Laird grounded into fielder 's choice to third , DeRosa out at second . Laird stole second . Matthews Jr flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Blake walked . Sizemore struck out swinging . Hollandsworth flied out to left . Blake stole second . Peralta singled to center , Blake scored . Hafner popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Young lined out to center . Teixeira grounded out to pitcher . Nevin grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Martinez hit ground rule double to left . Broussard hit by pitch . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Broussard out at second , Martinez to third . Vazquez walked , Belliard to second . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez scored , Belliard out at third , Vazquez to second . Sizemore struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Blalock singled to center . Mench singled to left , Blalock to second . Wilkerson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Mench out at second , Blalock to third . DeRosa grounded out to shortstop , Blalock scored , Wilkerson to second . Laird struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Hollandsworth grounded out to second . Peralta struck out swinging . Hafner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . Teixeira walked . Nevin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Martinez doubled to deep left . Broussard singled to right , Martinez scored . Belliard lined into double play , to first , Broussard doubled off first . Vazquez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Blalock doubled to deep center . Mench singled to left , Blalock to third . Davis pitching for Indians . Wilkerson singled to right , Blalock scored , Mench to second . DeRosa struck out swinging . Laird grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wilkerson out at second , Mench to third . Matthews Jr walked , Laird to second . Young singled to center , Mench and Laird scored , Matthews Jr to second . Teixeira hit ground rule double to right , Matthews Jr scored , Young to third . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Nevin doubled to deep right center , Young and Teixeira scored . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Blalock flied out to center . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Blake flied out to right . Sizemore hit by pitch . Perez at first base . Graves pitching for Indians . Hollandsworth grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Sizemore out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Graves pitching for Indians . Mench grounded out to third . Wilkerson grounded out to pitcher . DeRosa walked . Laird lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Peralta struck out swinging . Hafner singled to center . Alfonseca pitching for Rangers . Martinez doubled to deep center , Hafner to third . Perez struck out swinging . Boone hit for Vazquez . Belliard walked . Boone at third base . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez out at third , Belliard to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Matthews Jr homered to right . Young fouled out to catcher . Teixeira struck out swinging . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Nevin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Blake struck out swinging . Sizemore singled to right . Hollandsworth flied out to left . Sizemore to second on fielder 's indifference . Peralta flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 8 - Indians 4 .	Six - run seventh carries Rangers past Indians