White Sox - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Iguchi popped out to shortstop . Konerko flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Sizemore grounded out to shortstop . Michaels walked . Peralta singled to right center , Michaels to third . Hafner homered to right center , Michaels and Peralta scored . Martinez singled to right . Perez singled to right , Martinez to second . Belliard struck out swinging . Boone lined out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Dye walked . Crede flied out to right . Cintron singled to left center , Dye to second . Uribe struck out swinging . Widger struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Blake reached on infield single to shortstop . Sizemore fouled out to third . Michaels singled to center , Blake to second . Peralta grounded out to , Michaels out at second , Peralta to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Ozuna grounded out to third . Iguchi walked . Mackowiak hit for Dye . Konerko singled to left , Iguchi to second . Mackowiak flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Mackowiak in right field . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Hafner walked . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hafner out at second . Perez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Crede flied out to center . Cintron fouled out to third . Uribe safe at first on error by third baseman Boone . Widger flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Belliard struck out swinging . Boone popped out to first . Blake doubled to deep right . Sizemore grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Anderson fouled out to first . Ozuna walked . Ozuna caught stealing second , catcher to second . Iguchi singled to right . Konerko walked , Iguchi to second . Mackowiak singled to right , Iguchi to third , Konerko to second . Crede reached on infield single to first , Iguchi scored , Konerko to third , Mackowiak to second . Cintron grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Michaels grounded out to third . Peralta doubled to deep left center . Hafner grounded out to third . Martinez singled to center , Peralta scored , Martinez to second advancing on throw . Perez singled to center , Martinez scored . Perez to second on wild pitch by Buehrle . Davis pitching for Indians . Belliard flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Davis pitching for Indians . Uribe lined out to left . Widger doubled to right . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Ozuna reached on infield single to shortstop , Widger to third . Pierzynski catching . Iguchi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Boone doubled to left . Blake struck out swinging . Sizemore grounded out to second , Boone to third . Michaels walked . Peralta singled to center , Boone scored , Michaels to second . Logan pitching for White Sox . Hafner singled to right , Michaels scored , Peralta to second , Peralta to third advancing on throw . Martinez struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Davis pitching for Indians . Konerko singled to left center . Mackowiak flied out to center . Crede singled to right , Konerko to second . Cintron grounded out to first , Konerko to third , Crede to second . Uribe grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Logan pitching for White Sox . Perez lined out to center . Belliard flied out to right . Boone walked . Graves pitching for Indians . Blake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Graves pitching for Indians . Pierzynski lined out to right . Gload hit for Ozuna . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Gload grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Gload in left field . Logan pitching for White Sox . Sizemore struck out swinging . Michaels struck out looking . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Graves pitching for Indians . Iguchi flied out to center . Konerko grounded out to second . Mackowiak singled to shallow center . Crede singled to left , Mackowiak to second . Cintron grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 1 - Indians 7 .	Sabathia beats White Sox in return off disabled list