Athletics - Top 1st . Byrd pitching for Indians . Kotsay flied out to left . Swisher grounded out to first . Crosby struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Sizemore grounded out to second . Michaels singled to left . Hafner struck out looking . Martinez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Thomas flied out to center . Kielty doubled to deep left . Bradley struck out swinging . Kendall struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Broussard singled to center . Broussard out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Peralta singled to center . Blake walked , Peralta to second . Belliard fouled out to shortstop . Boone homered to left , Peralta and Blake scored . Sizemore homered to center . Michaels singled to right . Hafner struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Scutaro flied out to center . Perez flied out to center . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Martinez flied out to right . Broussard popped out to third . Peralta reached on infield single to second . Blake lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Swisher singled to center . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Swisher out at second . Thomas singled to left , Crosby to third , Thomas out stretching at second . Kielty lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Belliard flied out to left . Boone singled to right center . Sizemore singled to center , Boone to second . Boone caught stealing third , pitcher to third , Sizemore to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Michaels walked . Hafner walked , Sizemore to third , Michaels to second . Martinez singled to center , Sizemore and Michaels scored , Hafner to second . Broussard grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Bradley grounded out to second . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Scutaro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Blake struck out swinging . Belliard grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Perez flied out to left . Kotsay singled to center . Swisher reached on infield single to pitcher , Kotsay to second . Crosby singled to left , Kotsay to third , Swisher to second . Thomas walked , Kotsay scored , Swisher to third , Crosby to second . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Kielty grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Thomas out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Boone singled to left . Sizemore doubled to left center , Boone to third . Michaels grounded out to third . Hafner intentionally walked . Keisler pitching for Athletics . Martinez walked , Boone scored , Sizemore to third , Hafner to second . Broussard singled to center , Sizemore and Hafner scored , Martinez to third . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Broussard out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Bradley singled to right . Kendall flied out to center . Scutaro doubled to deep left , Bradley scored . Perez struck out looking . Kotsay grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Keisler pitching for Athletics . Blake homered to left . Belliard lined out to third . Boone lined out to left . Davis pitching for Indians . Sizemore flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Davis pitching for Indians . Swisher struck out swinging . Melhuse hit for Thomas . Crosby struck out swinging . Karsay pitching for Athletics . Melhuse grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Karsay pitching for Athletics . Michaels lined out to first . Hafner fouled out to third . Martinez homered to right . Wickman pitching for Indians . Broussard struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Wickman pitching for Indians . Kielty singled to center . Bradley struck out looking . Kendall lined out to left . Scutaro fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 2 - Indians 11 .	Byrd gets first win in month as Tribe trounce A 's