Indians - Top 1st . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Sizemore struck out looking . Inglett fouled out to third . Hafner singled to right . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Youkilis doubled to left . Loretta lined out to right . Ortiz flied out to right , Youkilis to third . Ramirez singled to center , Youkilis scored . Lowell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramirez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Blake flied out to right . Hollandsworth grounded out to first . Choo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Pena struck out swinging . Crisp singled to left . Gonzalez doubled to left , Crisp to third . Huckaby grounded out to first , Crisp scored , Gonzalez to third . Youkilis singled to center , Gonzalez scored . Loretta doubled to left , Youkilis to third . Ortiz intentionally walked . Ramirez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Luna grounded out to third . Boone homered to left . Sizemore flied out to center . Inglett lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Lowell grounded out to second . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Crisp grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Hafner doubled to right . Martinez struck out swinging . Blake reached on infield single to shortstop . Hollandsworth grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Blake out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Gonzalez flied out to right . Huckaby singled to right . Youkilis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Huckaby out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Choo lined out to center . Luna grounded out to second . Boone grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Loretta lined out to third . Ortiz grounded out to first . Ramirez singled to left . Lowell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Sizemore grounded out to second . Inglett singled to center . Hafner homered to right , Inglett scored . Martinez singled to right . Blake singled to center , Martinez to second . Hollandsworth reached on infield single to third , Martinez to third , Blake to second . Choo homered to center , Martinez , Blake and Hollandsworth scored . Luna singled to center . Boone lined into double play , to first , Luna doubled off first . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Pena singled to center . Crisp reached on bunt single to catcher , Pena to second . Gonzalez singled to right , Pena to third , Crisp to second . Huckaby grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pena scored , Gonzalez out at second , Crisp to third . Youkilis singled to left , Crisp scored . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Loretta popped out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Sizemore struck out swinging . Inglett singled to left center . Hafner walked , Inglett to second . Hansen pitching for Red Sox . Martinez walked , Inglett to third , Hafner to second . Blake grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Ortiz flied out to right . Ramirez grounded out to third . Lowell singled to left . Pena grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Hansen pitching for Red Sox . Hollandsworth flied out to right . Choo struck out swinging . Luna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Crisp singled to center . Cora hit for Huckaby . Gonzalez singled to shallow right , Crisp to second . Cora sacrificed to pitcher , Crisp to third , Gonzalez to second . Youkilis hit sacrifice fly to left , Crisp scored . Mirabelli catching . Cora at third base . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Loretta flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Boone flied out to right . Sizemore grounded out to shortstop . Davis pitching for Indians . Inglett grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Davis pitching for Indians . Ortiz flied out to right . Ramirez flied out to right . Mirabelli fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 7 - Red Sox 6 .	Westbrook allows 15 hits , but Tribe top Beckett , BoSox