Angels - Top 1st . Lee pitching for Indians . Figgins flied out to center . Kendrick popped out to first . Cabrera popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Sizemore struck out swinging . Gregg pitching for Angels . Michaels reached on infield single to pitcher . Hafner flied out to left . Martinez walked , Michaels to second . Choo hit ground rule double to deep center , Michaels scored , Martinez to third . Peralta walked . Inglett reached on infield single to second , Martinez scored , Choo to third , Peralta to second . Garko flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Lee pitching for Indians . Guerrero popped out to second . Rivera struck out looking . Anderson singled to right . Salmon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Gregg pitching for Angels . Boone singled to center . Sizemore doubled to deep center , Boone to third . Michaels popped out to second . Hafner grounded out to second , Boone scored , Sizemore to third . Martinez flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Lee pitching for Indians . Quinlan flied out to right . Molina grounded out to third . Figgins reached on infield single to third . Kendrick singled to right , Figgins to third . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Gregg pitching for Angels . Choo struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to third . Inglett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Lee pitching for Indians . Guerrero singled to left . Rivera homered to left center , Guerrero scored . Anderson grounded out to first . Salmon grounded out to pitcher . Quinlan grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Garko walked . Romero pitching for Angels . Boone struck out swinging . Sizemore walked , Garko to second . Michaels doubled to deep left center , Garko and Sizemore scored . Hafner doubled to deep center , Michaels scored . Martinez singled to left , Hafner to third . Choo singled to left , Hafner scored , Martinez to second . Peralta singled to left , Martinez to third , Choo to second . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Inglett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martinez out at home , Choo to third , Peralta to second . Garko doubled to deep right , Choo , Peralta and Inglett scored . Boone grounded out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Lee pitching for Indians . Molina doubled to deep left . Figgins struck out swinging . Kendrick struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Sizemore grounded out to first . Michaels doubled to deep left . Hafner hit by pitch . Martinez singled to center , Michaels scored , Hafner to third . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hafner scored , Martinez out at second . Peralta singled to left , Choo to third . Inglett struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Lee pitching for Indians . Guerrero struck out swinging . Rivera singled to center . Pride in right field . Murphy in center field . Napoli catching . Quinlan in left field . Molina at first base . Anderson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rivera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Garko homered to center . Boone flied out to right . Sizemore flied out to center . Marte at third base . Boone at second base . Michaels grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Lee pitching for Indians . Salmon flied out to center . Quinlan reached on infield single to shortstop . Molina struck out swinging . Figgins singled to center , Quinlan to third . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Figgins out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Hafner homered to left center . Martinez flied out to left . Choo singled to right . Choo to second on wild pitch by Carrasco . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Peralta struck out swinging . Carmona pitching for Indians . Carmona pitching for Indians . Marte struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Izturis singled to center . Napoli fouled out to catcher . Pride doubled to deep center , Izturis to third . Murphy struck out swinging . Salmon lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Garko walked . Boone fouled out to third . Gutierrez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Garko out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Quinlan singled to center . Molina struck out swinging . Figgins grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Quinlan out at second . Kendrick singled to left , Figgins to second . Izturis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 2 - Indians 14 .	Angels lose Santana to injury , then game to Indians