Royals - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop . German hit by pitch . German stole second , German safe at third on throwing error by catcher Martinez . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Brown grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Sizemore grounded out to third . Michaels flied out to center . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Costa grounded out to first . Shealy struck out looking . Bako grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Garko singled to right center . Blake flied out to right . Peralta struck out swinging . Kouzmanoff singled to center , Garko to second . Luna flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Gathright reached on infield single to pitcher . Blanco sacrificed to catcher , Gathright to second . DeJesus walked . Gathright stole third , DeJesus stole second . German struck out swinging . Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Marte flied out to left . Sizemore homered to right . Michaels singled to left . Michaels stole second . Martinez walked . Michaels stole third . Garko walked , Martinez to second . Blake hit sacrifice fly to center , Michaels scored , Martinez to third . Peralta flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Brown singled to center . Costa singled to left , Brown to second . Shealy singled to center , Brown scored , Costa to second . Bako sacrificed to pitcher , Costa to third , Shealy to second . Gathright singled to right , Costa scored , Shealy to third . Blanco grounded into double play , first to catcher , Shealy out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Luna walked . Marte grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Luna out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . DeJesus singled to center . German doubled to deep right , DeJesus scored , German out stretching at third . Grudzielanek singled to left . Brown grounded out to shortstop , Grudzielanek to second . Costa singled to right , Grudzielanek thrown out at home . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Sizemore struck out swinging . Michaels fouled out to catcher . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Shealy singled to center . Bako singled to center , Shealy to third . Gathright grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Shealy scored , Bako out at second . Blanco flied out to left . Burgos pitching for Royals . DeJesus grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Garko flied out to center . Blake grounded out to third . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . German struck out looking . Grudzielanek singled to right center . Brown homered to center , Grudzielanek scored . Costa singled to center . Lara pitching for Indians . Shealy flied out to center . Costa stole second . Bako struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Luna grounded out to shortstop . Sisco pitching for Royals . Marte doubled to left center . Sizemore flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Lara pitching for Indians . Gathright grounded out to third . Blanco struck out swinging . Braun pitching for Royals . DeJesus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Braun pitching for Royals . Michaels struck out looking . Martinez singled to left . Garko flied out to right . Miller pitching for Indians . Blake grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Miller pitching for Indians . German safe at first on error by first baseman Garko . Grudzielanek grounded into fielder 's choice to third , German out at second . Brown struck out swinging . Costa grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 9th . Braun pitching for Royals . Peralta singled to center . Kouzmanoff grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Peralta out at second . Luna singled to right . Luna to second on fielder 's indifference . Marte struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Indians 2 .	Royals beat Indians , pick up first road sweep in 3 years