Mariners - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Suzuki walked. Figgins struck out looking. Suzuki stole second. Bradley struck out looking. Cust grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Crisp singled to left center. Barton grounded out to catcher, Crisp to second. DeJesus grounded out to second, Crisp to third. Willingham homered to left (382 feet), Crisp scored. Matsui grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Smoak grounded out to first. Olivo struck out swinging. Langerhans grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Suzuki flied out to right. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Kouzmanoff struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Ryan grounded out to third. Ja Wilson struck out looking. Suzuki reached on infield single to third. Figgins singled to right, Suzuki to second. Suzuki stole third. Figgins stole second. Bradley walked. Cust walked, Suzuki scored, Figgins to third, Bradley to second. Smoak struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Pennington popped out to shortstop. Crisp flied out to center. Barton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Olivo singled to left. Langerhans struck out swinging. Ryan fouled out to catcher. Ja Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Olivo safe at second on error by third baseman Kouzmanoff. Suzuki safe at first on error by third baseman Kouzmanoff, Olivo to third, Ja Wilson to second. Figgins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. DeJesus singled to right. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to third, DeJesus out at second. Matsui grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Willingham out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Bradley grounded out to second. Cust struck out looking. Smoak walked. Olivo singled to left, Smoak to second. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Langerhans struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Suzuki fouled out to first. Ellis struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Ryan walked. Ja Wilson sacrificed to first, Ryan to second. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to left, Ryan scored. Suzuki caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Figgins homered to left (369 feet). Bradley struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Pennington grounded out to second. Crisp lined out to first. Barton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics. Cust walked. Smoak doubled to deep center, Cust to third. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Olivo safe at first on error by first baseman Barton, Cust scored, Smoak to third. Langerhans struck out looking. Ryan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Olivo scored. Ja Wilson singled to right, Ryan to third. Cramer pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ja Wilson out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. DeJesus flied out to left. Willingham struck out swinging. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Powell catching. Cramer pitching for Athletics. Figgins safe at first on error by shortstop Pennington. Bradley lined into double play, second to first, Figgins doubled off first. Cust walked. Smoak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Powell singled to center. Ellis singled to left, Powell to second. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to third, Powell out at third, Ellis to second. Sweeney hit for Pennington. Sweeney grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kouzmanoff out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. LaRoche at shortstop. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Olivo struck out swinging. Langerhans struck out swinging. Ryan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Crisp flied out to center. Barton struck out swinging. DeJesus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Athletics 2.	King Felix's 5-hitter paces Mariners past A's