Mariners - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Suzuki singled to left. Ryan grounded out to first, Suzuki to second. Kennedy singled to right center, Suzuki scored. Smoak singled to right, Kennedy to second. Ackley singled to right, Kennedy scored, Smoak to third. Peguero popped into double play, third to pitcher, Smoak doubled off third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Fister pitching for Mariners. Werth singled to right. Bernadina flied out to left. Zimmerman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Werth out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Gutierrez singled to center. Gimenez flied out to center. Fister sacrificed to pitcher, Gutierrez to second. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Fister pitching for Mariners. Nix flied out to left. Morse grounded out to third. Espinosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Ryan doubled to deep left. Kennedy grounded out to second, Ryan to third. Smoak walked. Ackley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ryan scored, Smoak out at second. Peguero struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Fister pitching for Mariners. Ramos grounded out to second. Hernandez flied out to right. Desmond flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Gutierrez singled to center. Gimenez struck out swinging, Gutierrez stole second. Fister singled to right, Gutierrez scored. Suzuki grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Fister out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Fister pitching for Mariners. Werth grounded out to shortstop. Bernadina struck out swinging. Zimmerman reached on infield single to pitcher. Nix flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Ryan singled to right, Ryan to second on error by right fielder Werth. Kennedy singled to right, Ryan scored. Mattheus pitching for Nationals. Smoak fouled out to third. Ackley grounded out to second, Kennedy to second. Peguero fouled out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Fister pitching for Mariners. Morse grounded out to shortstop. Espinosa flied out to right. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Mattheus pitching for Nationals. Gutierrez grounded out to third. Gimenez grounded out to third. Fister struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Bixler hit for Mattheus. Fister pitching for Mariners. Bixler grounded out to shortstop. Desmond hit by pitch. Werth walked, Desmond to second. Bernadina singled to center, Desmond scored, Werth to third. Zimmerman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bernadina out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Balester pitching for Nationals. Suzuki singled to center. Suzuki stole second. Ryan grounded out to second. Kennedy flied out to right. Smoak lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Fister pitching for Mariners. Nix struck out looking. Morse grounded out to third. Espinosa grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Hairston Jr. in left field. Balester pitching for Nationals. Ackley fouled out to third. Peguero struck out swinging. Gutierrez singled to left. Gimenez walked, Gutierrez to second. Fister grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Halman in left field. Fister pitching for Mariners. Ramos grounded out to third. Stairs hit for Balester. Stairs flied out to right. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Coffey pitching for Nationals. Suzuki grounded out to second. Ryan popped out to second. Kennedy doubled to deep right. Smoak flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. League pitching for Mariners. Werth safe at second on error by first baseman Smoak. Bernadina walked. Zimmerman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bernadina out at second, Werth to third. Hairston Jr. singled to center, Werth scored. Morse reached on infield single to pitcher, Hairston Jr. to second. Pauley pitching for Mariners. Espinosa singled to right, Hairston Jr. scored, Morse to second. Ramos homered to left center (432 feet), Morse and Espinosa scored. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Mariners 5 - Nationals 6.	Ramos walk-off caps Nats rally vs. Mariners