Mariners - Top 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Ryan hit by pitch. Ackley flied out to center. Olivo homered to left (370 feet), Ryan scored. Smoak doubled to deep left center. Carp singled to right, Smoak to third, Smoak tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Pineda pitching for Mariners. Ellsbury doubled to shallow right. Ellsbury to third on wild pitch by Pineda. Pedroia flied out to center. Gonzalez singled to center, Ellsbury scored. Youkilis homered to left (396 feet), Gonzalez scored. Ortiz singled to deep left. Crawford doubled to deep left, Ortiz to third. Reddick struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia singled to right, Ortiz and Crawford scored. Scutaro grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Kennedy struck out swinging. Cust struck out swinging. Gutierrez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Pineda pitching for Mariners. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki flied out to right. Ryan lined out to first. Ackley doubled to shallow right. Olivo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Pineda pitching for Mariners. Youkilis grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz struck out swinging. Crawford singled to left. Crawford caught stealing second, Crawford safe at second on missed catch error by shortstop Ryan. Reddick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Smoak flied out to center. Carp lined out to right. Kennedy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Pineda pitching for Mariners. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. Ellsbury grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Cust struck out swinging. Gutierrez walked. Suzuki singled to right, Gutierrez to third. Ryan doubled to deep left, Gutierrez scored. Ackley flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Pineda pitching for Mariners. Pedroia grounded out to third. Gonzalez singled to shallow center. Youkilis walked, Gonzalez to second. Laffey pitching for Mariners. Ortiz reached on infield single to pitcher, Gonzalez to third, Youkilis to second. Crawford singled to left, Gonzalez and Youkilis scored, Ortiz to second. Reddick doubled to deep left, Ortiz scored, Crawford to third. Saltalamacchia singled to right center, Crawford and Reddick scored. Wright pitching for Mariners. Scutaro lined out to center. Ellsbury grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Olivo flied out to right. Smoak grounded out to shortstop. Carp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Wright pitching for Mariners. Pedroia doubled to deep left. Gonzalez singled to right, Pedroia scored. Youkilis struck out looking. Ortiz flied out to right. Crawford struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Navarro at third base. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Kennedy flied out to center. Cust singled to left. Gutierrez singled to center, Cust to second. Suzuki singled to shallow right center, Cust to third, Gutierrez to second. Ryan homered to left (361 feet), Cust, Gutierrez and Suzuki scored. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Ackley flied out to center. Olivo flied out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Lueke pitching for Mariners. Reddick singled to left. Saltalamacchia singled to shallow right center, Reddick to third. Scutaro flied out to second. Ellsbury singled to shallow center, Saltalamacchia to third, Reddick scored, Saltalamacchia to second. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ellsbury out at second, Saltalamacchia to third. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Smoak grounded out to second. Carp singled to right. Kennedy struck out swinging. Cust flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. League pitching for Mariners. Navarro struck out looking. Ortiz grounded out to first. Crawford walked. Reddick lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Gutierrez singled to center. Suzuki grounded out to second, Gutierrez to second. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. Ackley doubled to deep left, Gutierrez scored. Olivo flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 8 - Red Sox 12.	M's lose 15th; Wakefield at milestone