Red Sox - Top 1st. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki flied out to left. Gutierrez fouled out to first. Ackley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Youkilis struck out swinging. Ortiz struck out looking. Lowrie grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Carp flied out to left. Pena grounded out to shortstop. Olivo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Crawford walked. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. McDonald struck out swinging, Crawford stole second. Ellsbury grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Wells walked. Wells stole second. Wells safe at third on throwing error by catcher Saltalamacchia. Ja Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop, Wells scored. Seager singled to right, Ja Wilson to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ja Wilson to third, Seager safe at second on error by shortstop Lowrie. Gutierrez hit sacrifice fly to left, Ja Wilson scored, Seager to third. Ackley walked, Suzuki to second. Carp singled to right, Seager scored, Suzuki to third, Ackley to second. Pena fouled out to first. Olivo grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Pedroia lined out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to right. Youkilis walked, Gonzalez to second. Ortiz singled to center, Gonzalez to third, Youkilis to second. Lowrie hit sacrifice fly to left, Gonzalez scored. Crawford popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Wells struck out swinging. Ja Wilson flied out to center. Seager grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Saltalamacchia grounded out to third. McDonald popped out to shortstop. Ellsbury hit by pitch. Pedroia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Gutierrez singled to left center, Suzuki to second. Ackley singled to center, Suzuki scored, Gutierrez to second. Carp flied out to left. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ackley out at second, Gutierrez to third. Pena to second on passed ball by Saltalamacchia. Olivo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez singled to center. Youkilis lined out to right. Ortiz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Wells homered to left (377 feet). Ja Wilson grounded out to third. Seager flied out to center. Suzuki singled to right. Gutierrez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Lowrie singled to left. Crawford struck out looking. Saltalamacchia lined out to third. McDonald flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Ackley grounded out to second. Carp struck out swinging. Pena doubled to deep left. Olivo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Gray pitching for Mariners. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Pedroia singled to right. Gonzalez flied out to left. Youkilis homered to left (390 feet), Pedroia scored. Ortiz grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Wells grounded out to third. Ja Wilson flied out to left. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. League pitching for Mariners. Lowrie struck out swinging. Crawford struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 3 - Mariners 5.	Red Sox's lead dwindles as M's win \n\n