Angels - Top 1st. Vazquez pitching for Mariners. Izturis singled to left. Bourjos walked, Izturis to second. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop, Izturis to third, Bourjos to second. Hunter struck out looking. Trumbo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Angels. Suzuki flied out to left. Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. Ackley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Mariners. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Trout homered to left (408 feet). Aybar flied out to right. Wilson lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Angels. Carp grounded out to pitcher. Olivo fouled out to third. Seager flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Mariners. Izturis flied out to left. Bourjos bunt grounded out to catcher. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Angels. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Pena struck out swinging. Ryan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Vazquez pitching for Mariners. Hunter walked. Trumbo walked, Hunter to second. Trout homered to left (362 feet), Hunter and Trumbo scored. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. Wilson fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to first. Gutierrez reached on infield single to shortstop. Ackley singled to center, Gutierrez to second. Carp doubled to left, Gutierrez scored, Ackley to third. Olivo reached on infield single to shortstop, Ackley scored. Seager grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Olivo out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Vazquez pitching for Mariners. Izturis doubled to left. Bourjos reached on bunt single to pitcher, Izturis to third. Kendrick singled to right, Izturis scored, Bourjos to third. Hunter singled to right, Bourjos scored, Kendrick to second. Gray pitching for Mariners. Trumbo walked, Kendrick to third, Hunter to second. Wells walked, Kendrick scored, Hunter to third, Trumbo to second. Trout walked, Hunter scored, Trumbo to third, Wells to second. Aybar doubled to right, Trumbo and Wells scored, Trout to third. Wilson struck out swinging. Izturis hit sacrifice fly to left, Trout scored, Aybar to third. Bourjos doubled to center, Aybar scored. Kendrick grounded out to third. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Angels. Wells struck out looking. Pena walked. Ryan hit by pitch, Pena to second. Suzuki grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ryan out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Lueke pitching for Mariners. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Trumbo flied out to left. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Angels. Gutierrez flied out to left. Ackley struck out looking. Carp struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Lueke pitching for Mariners. Trout grounded out to third. Aybar grounded out to catcher. Wilson singled to shallow center. Izturis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Williams pitching for Angels. Olivo singled to center. Seager flied out to center. Wells flied out to left. Pena reached on infield single to shortstop, Olivo to second. Ryan walked, Olivo to third, Pena to second. Suzuki singled to right, Olivo and Pena scored, Ryan to third. Robinson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Lueke pitching for Mariners. Bourjos flied out to left. Kendrick grounded out to third. Branyan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Cassevah pitching for Angels. Ackley reached on infield single to third. Carp hit ground rule double to deep center, Ackley to third. Olivo reached on infield single to third, Ackley scored, Carp to third. Seager hit sacrifice fly to center, Carp scored. Olivo to second on wild pitch by Cassevah. Wells grounded out to shortstop, Olivo to third. Pena grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Ruffin pitching for Mariners. Trumbo singled to right. Trumbo to second on wild pitch by Ruffin. Abreu doubled to right, Trumbo scored. Trout struck out swinging. Aybar walked. Wilson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Aybar out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Thompson pitching for Angels. Rodriguez grounded out to first. Suzuki flied out to left. Robinson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 13 - Mariners 6.	Trout's 2 homers lead Angels' rout of Mariners