Mariners - Top 1st. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Suzuki grounded out to second. Seager flied out to center. Ackley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. German doubled to shallow left. Chavez reached on bunt single to pitcher, German to third. Murphy grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. Young walked. Moreland grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Carp lined out to shortstop. Smoak struck out swinging. Olivo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Treanor fouled out to catcher. Martin doubled to deep right. Gentry struck out swinging. Blanco singled to left, Martin scored, Blanco out stretching at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Kennedy singled to right center. Robinson struck out swinging. Liddi hit by pitch, Kennedy to second. Suzuki grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Liddi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. German safe at first on error by shortstop Seager. Chavez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, German out at second. Murphy singled to right. Young reached on infield single to third, Murphy to second. Moreland struck out looking. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Seager singled to left. Ackley hit ground rule double to deep left center, Seager to third. Carp hit sacrifice fly to center, Seager scored, Ackley to third. Smoak singled to center, Ackley scored. Olivo struck out swinging. Kennedy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Treanor flied out to right. Martin singled to right. Gentry hit by pitch, Martin to second. Blanco reached on infield single to second, Martin to third, Gentry to second. German singled to left, Martin scored, Gentry to third, Blanco to second. Chavez singled to left, Gentry scored, Blanco to third, German to second. Murphy singled to center, Blanco and German scored, Chavez to second. Young reached on infield single to third, Chavez to third, Murphy to second. Gray pitching for Mariners. Moreland grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Chavez and Murphy scored on throwing error by pitcher Gray, Young safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Gray. Treanor struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to pitcher. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 5th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Robinson struck out swinging. Liddi singled to center. Liddi stole second. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop, Liddi to third. Liddi scored on Feldman's wild pitch. Seager walked. Seager stole second. Ackley grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Gray pitching for Mariners. Gentry grounded out to shortstop. Blanco safe at first on error by pitcher Gray. German singled to center, Blanco to second. Chavez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, German out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 6th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Carp grounded out to shortstop. Smoak flied out to center. Olivo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Gray pitching for Mariners. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. Young flied out to left. Moreland grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Tateyama pitching for Rangers. Kennedy struck out swinging. Robinson struck out looking. Liddi popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Kelley pitching for Mariners. Treanor struck out swinging. Martin popped out to shortstop. Gentry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Suzuki grounded out to first. Seager flied out to center. Ackley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Kelley pitching for Mariners. Blanco singled to left. German flied out to right. Chavez flied out to left. Murphy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Kirkman pitching for Rangers. Carp grounded out to pitcher. Smoak struck out swinging. Olivo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Rangers 7.	Patchwork Rangers batter King Felix