Angels - Top 1st . Figgins struck out swinging . Erstad lined out to second . Guerrero doubled to deep left center . Glaus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Sanchez grounded out to second . Vina bunt popped out to first . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Guillen reached on infield single to third . Salmon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guillen out at second . Molina flied out to center . Halter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Salmon to second . Amezaga grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Salmon out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . White singled to left . Higginson popped out to shortstop . Monroe grounded into double play , third to second to first , White out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Figgins tripled to right . Erstad grounded out to second , Figgins scored . Guerrero homered to left . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . Guillen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Guillen flied out to left . Pena popped out to second . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Salmon grounded out to shortstop . Molina doubled to deep center , Molina to third on error by center fielder Sanchez . Halter walked . Amezaga reached on infield single to second , Molina scored , Halter to second . Figgins walked , Halter to third , Amezaga to second . Erstad singled to right , Halter and Amezaga scored , Figgins to third . Guerrero singled to right , Figgins scored , Erstad to third . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Glaus safe at first on error by third baseman Inge , Erstad scored , Guerrero to second . Guillen homered to left , Guerrero and Glaus scored . Salmon walked . Molina struck out swinging . Halter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Sanchez struck out swinging . Vina grounded out to second . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Amezaga struck out swinging . Figgins fouled out to third . Erstad struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . White popped out to shortstop . Higginson singled to right center . Monroe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Higginson out at second . Guillen singled to right , Monroe to third . Pena singled to right , Monroe scored , Guillen to third . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Guerrero singled to center . Glaus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Guerrero out at second . Guillen struck out swinging . Salmon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Sanchez struck out swinging . Vina doubled to deep left . Rodriguez singled to center , Vina scored . White grounded out to first , Rodriguez to second . Infante at second base . Shelton catching . Norton in left field . Higginson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Molina singled to right . Halter flied out to center . Amezaga grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at second . Figgins singled to right , Amezaga to third . Erstad singled to left , Amezaga scored , Figgins to second . Davanon in right field . Guerrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Monroe doubled to deep left . Guillen doubled to left , Monroe scored . Pena struck out swinging . Inge flied out to center . Colyer pitching for Tigers . Sanchez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Glaus struck out swinging . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Salmon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Infante popped out to first . Shelton struck out swinging . Norton singled to center . Patterson pitching for Tigers . Higginson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Molina walked . Halter doubled to deep right , Molina to third . Amezaga grounded out to shortstop , Molina scored . Halter to third on passed ball by Shelton . Figgins struck out looking . Shields pitching for Angels . Erstad flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Monroe reached on infield single to third . Guillen struck out looking . Pena struck out swinging . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 12 - Tigers 3 .	Guerrero plays the hits as Angels beat Tigers