Tigers - Top 1st . Colon pitching for Angels . Sanchez doubled to left . Vina grounded out to first , Sanchez to third . Rodriguez homered to center , Sanchez scored . White singled to right . Pena struck out swinging , White stole second . Guillen flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Eckstein lined out to second . Erstad grounded out to pitcher . Figgins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Colon pitching for Angels . Higginson grounded out to second . Norton grounded out to shortstop . Munson doubled to deep right . Sanchez singled to center , Munson scored . Sanchez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Vina batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Guerrero flied out to right . Glaus struck out swinging . Guillen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Colon pitching for Angels . Vina flied out to center . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third . White grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Halter grounded out to second . Kennedy singled to center . Eckstein grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Colon pitching for Angels . Pena struck out swinging . Guillen doubled to deep center . Higginson struck out swinging . Norton walked . Munson fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Erstad flied out to right . Figgins walked . Guerrero singled to right , Figgins to third . Glaus grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Figgins out at home , Guerrero to second . Guillen singled to left , Guerrero scored , Glaus to second . Molina singled to left , Glaus scored , Guillen to third . Halter grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Colon pitching for Angels . Sanchez flied out to left . Vina lined out to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Kennedy struck out swinging . Eckstein walked . Erstad flied out to left . Eckstein caught stealing second , catcher to second . Figgins batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Colon pitching for Angels . White walked . Pena singled to right , White to third . Guillen singled to center , White scored , Pena to second . Higginson lined out to right . Norton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guillen out at second , Pena to third . Munson safe at second on error by right fielder Guerrero , Pena and Guillen scored . Sanchez singled to left , Munson out at home . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 6th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Figgins walked . Guerrero flied out to center . Glaus doubled to deep left , Figgins to third . Levine pitching for Tigers . Guillen walked . Davanon hit for Halter . Molina singled to left , Figgins and Glaus scored , Guillen to second . Davanon struck out swinging . Kennedy singled to left , Guillen scored , Molina to second . Figgins at third base . Davanon in center field . Gregg pitching for Angels . Eckstein grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Vina bunt grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez flied out to right . White singled to left . Pena popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Levine pitching for Tigers . Erstad doubled to left . Figgins sacrificed to third , Erstad to third . Guerrero singled to center , Erstad scored . Glaus homered to left , Guerrero scored . Patterson pitching for Tigers . Guillen singled to right center . Shields pitching for Angels . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Guillen out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Guillen walked . Higginson walked , Guillen to second . Norton struck out swinging . Munson lined out to right . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Higginson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Patterson pitching for Tigers . Davanon grounded out to third . Kennedy doubled to left . Eckstein walked . Erstad singled to shallow left , Kennedy scored , Eckstein to third , Eckstein scored on throwing error by pitcher Patterson . Figgins singled to left , Erstad to third . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Erstad scored , Figgins out at second . Figgins in center field . Amezaga at third base . Glaus struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 9th . Shields pitching for Angels . Vina singled to left . Rodriguez singled to center , Vina to second . White flied out to right . Percival pitching for Angels . Pena doubled to deep center , Vina scored , Rodriguez to third . Rodriguez scored , Pena to third on passed ball by Molina . Guillen singled to left , Pena scored . Higginson fouled out to third . Norton flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 9 - Angels 11 .	Glaus hits 2 - run HR as Angels rally past Tigers