Angels - Top 1st . Eckstein flied out to right . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Johnson grounded out to third . Menechino struck out looking . Wells popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Guillen walked . Davanon singled to left center , Guillen to second . Molina fouled out to first . Kotchman flied out to center , Guillen to third . Davanon stole second . Amezaga hit by pitch . Kennedy hit by pitch , Guillen scored , Davanon to third , Amezaga to second . Eckstein fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Delgado hit by pitch . Zaun doubled to deep center , Delgado to third . Gomez popped out to first . Hinske walked . Phelps singled to right , Delgado scored , Zaun to third , Hinske to second . Pond hit sacrifice fly to center , Zaun scored . Johnson grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Figgins flied out to left . Guerrero homered to center . Guillen homered to center . Davanon homered to right . Molina singled to center . Kotchman singled to center , Molina to second . Amezaga grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at third , Kotchman to second . Kennedy grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Menechino struck out looking . Wells singled to center . Delgado walked , Wells to second . Zaun grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Delgado out at second , Wells to third . Berg at first base . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Zaun out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Eckstein struck out swinging . Figgins doubled to deep right center . Figgins stole third . Guerrero singled to right center , Figgins scored . Guillen struck out swinging . Davanon walked , Guerrero to second . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Davanon out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Hinske grounded out to shortstop . Phelps flied out to right . Pond doubled to deep center . Johnson doubled to deep left , Pond scored . Menechino doubled to center , Johnson scored . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Kotchman struck out swinging . Amezaga reached on bunt single to pitcher . Kennedy grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Amezaga out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Berg flied out to left . Zaun struck out swinging . Gomez lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Figgins tripled to deep center . Guerrero lined out to second . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Guillen hit by pitch . Figgins caught stealing home , pitcher to first to catcher . Davanon batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Hinske flied out to right . Phelps grounded out to shortstop . Gregg pitching for Angels . Anaheim 's Manager Scioscia ejected by Reynolds in the 6th . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Davanon flied out to right . Molina singled to left . Kotchman grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Menechino flied out to right . Wells walked . Wells caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Adams pitching for Blue Jays . Berg grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Amezaga struck out swinging . Kennedy struck out swinging . Eckstein reached on infield single to shortstop . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Figgins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Zaun singled to center . Gomez sacrificed to first , Zaun to second . Hinske reached on infield single to first , Zaun to third . Phelps singled to left , Zaun scored , Hinske to second . Pond struck out swinging . Hinske to third , Phelps to second on passed ball by Molina . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Guerrero struck out swinging . Guillen walked . Shields pitching for Angels . Davanon lined into double play , third to first , Guillen doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Menechino flied out to center . Wells struck out swinging . Berg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 10th . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Kotchman grounded out to second . Weber pitching for Angels . Amezaga flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 10th . Zaun walked . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zaun out at second . Hinske walked , Gomez to second . Phelps flied out to right . Pond reached on infield single to first , Gomez scored , Hinske to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 5 - Blue Jays 6 .	Jays win in 10th on Angels ' coverage gaffe