Angels - Top 1st . Eckstein struck out swinging . Figgins reached on bunt single to pitcher . Guerrero singled to right center , Figgins to third . Guillen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Guerrero out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Johnson singled to center . Menechino grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Johnson out at second . Wells grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Menechino out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Davanon walked . Kotchman grounded out to shortstop , Davanon to second . Halter grounded out to shortstop , Davanon to third . Molina walked . Kennedy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Delgado popped out to shortstop . Zaun struck out swinging . Phelps singled to center . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Phelps out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Figgins struck out swinging . Guerrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Gomez flied out to right . Berg flied out to right . Johnson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Guillen grounded out to third . Davanon struck out swinging . Kotchman lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Menechino grounded out to pitcher . Wells grounded out to third . Delgado walked . Zaun singled to right , Delgado to second . Phelps flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Halter grounded out to shortstop . Molina struck out swinging . Kennedy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Rios safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Halter . Gomez flied out to center . Berg lined out to shortstop . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rios out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Eckstein struck out swinging . Figgins flied out to center . Guerrero grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Menechino walked . Wells flied out to right . Delgado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Menechino out at second . Zaun grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Delgado out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Guillen lined out to first . Davanon grounded out to second . Kotchman grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Phelps struck out looking . Rios singled to left . Gomez reached on infield single to third , Rios to second . Berg grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gomez out at second , Rios to third . Johnson singled to center , Rios scored , Berg to second . Menechino tripled to deep center , Berg and Johnson scored . Wells grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Halter grounded out to shortstop . Molina fouled out to first . Kennedy bunt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Delgado walked . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Zaun singled to left , Delgado to second . Phelps flied out to right , Delgado to third , Zaun to second . Rios fouled out to right . Gomez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Eckstein singled to left center . Figgins flied out to center . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Eckstein out at second . Guerrero to second on fielder 's indifference . Guillen safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Berg , Guerrero scored . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Davanon singled to center , Guillen scored . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Kotchman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 2 - Blue Jays 3 .	Washburn stays at 7 wins ; Jays sweep Angels