Red Sox - Top 1st . Washburn pitching for Angels . Bellhorn grounded out to third . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Eckstein singled to center . Figgins struck out looking . Guerrero homered to left , Eckstein scored . Guillen walked . Davanon flied out to center . Mondesi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guillen out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Washburn pitching for Angels . Ramirez homered to center . Millar grounded out to third . Varitek grounded out to third . McCarty walked . Kapler grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McCarty out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Kotchman grounded out to shortstop . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Washburn pitching for Angels . Reese flied out to center . Bellhorn doubled to left . Youkilis singled to left , Bellhorn to third . Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to center , Bellhorn scored . Ramirez walked , Youkilis to second . Millar flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Eckstein singled to center . Figgins singled to center , Eckstein to second . Guerrero doubled to left , Eckstein and Figgins scored . Guillen hit by pitch . Davanon flied out to right . Mondesi flied out to center . Kotchman struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Washburn pitching for Angels . Varitek popped out to first . McCarty lined out to left . Kapler singled to center , McCarty to second . McCarty to third , Kapler to second on wild pitch by Washburn . Reese singled to center , McCarty and Kapler scored . Bellhorn singled to center , Reese to second . Youkilis doubled to deep center , Reese and Bellhorn scored . Ortiz doubled to deep left , Youkilis scored . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Ramirez intentionally walked . Millar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ramirez out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Molina singled to right . Kennedy struck out swinging . Eckstein singled to center , Molina to second . Figgins singled to left , Molina to third , Eckstein to second . Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to right , Molina scored , Eckstein to third . Guillen grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Varitek grounded out to shortstop . McCarty flied out to right . Kapler bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Davanon singled to center . Mondesi singled to left center , Davanon to third , Mondesi to second advancing on throw . Kotchman struck out swinging . Molina popped out to second . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Reese struck out swinging . Bellhorn grounded out to second . Youkilis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Eckstein singled to left center . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Figgins walked , Eckstein to second . Guerrero homered to center , Eckstein and Figgins scored . Guillen doubled to deep right center . Davanon walked . Mondesi grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davanon out at second . Shields pitching for Angels . Kotchman grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Shields pitching for Angels . Ortiz struck out swinging . Ramirez struck out swinging . Millar singled to left . Varitek popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Molina singled to left center . Kennedy struck out swinging . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Eckstein doubled to deep center , Molina scored . Figgins singled to center , Eckstein to third . Guerrero singled to left , Eckstein scored , Figgins to third , Guerrero to second advancing on throw . Guillen struck out swinging . Amezaga at third base . Davanon fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . McCarty walked . Damon hit for Kapler . Damon lined into double play , to first , McCarty doubled off first . Damon in center field . Reese popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Mondesi popped out to first . Kotchman grounded out to first . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Molina lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Bellhorn walked . Youkilis struck out swinging . Ortiz lined out to right . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 7 - Angels 10 .	Angels ' Guerrero drives in nine runs