Angels - Top 1st . Erstad doubled to deep left center . Figgins grounded out to pitcher . Guerrero walked . Anderson popped out to third . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Biggio singled to left . Vizcaino flied out to right . Berkman walked , Biggio to second . Kent grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Berkman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Quinlan doubled to right . Molina grounded out to second , Quinlan to third . Kennedy singled to shallow left , Quinlan scored . Ortiz bunt popped out to first . Erstad grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kennedy out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Bagwell grounded out to pitcher . Lamb lined out to first . Lane struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Figgins tripled to right . Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to right , Figgins scored . Anderson struck out looking . Guillen homered to right . Quinlan struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Ausmus grounded out to second . Clemens grounded out to second . Biggio struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Molina flied out to right . Kennedy walked . Ortiz bunt popped into double play , third to second , Kennedy doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Vizcaino grounded out to second . Berkman struck out swinging . Kent safe at first on error by shortstop Figgins . Bagwell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kent out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 5th . Erstad singled to left . Figgins doubled to right , Erstad to third . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop , Erstad scored , Figgins to third . Anderson reached on infield single to third , Figgins scored . Guillen popped out to second . Quinlan doubled to left , Anderson to third . Bullinger pitching for Astros . Figgins at third base . Amezaga at shortstop . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Lamb grounded out to second . Lane singled to shallow right . Palmeiro hit for Bullinger . Ausmus struck out swinging . Palmeiro singled to shallow center , Lane to second . Gallo pitching for Astros . Biggio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Kennedy reached on infield single to shortstop . Ortiz grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Kennedy out at second . Erstad walked . Erstad stole second . Figgins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Vizcaino grounded out to first . Berkman walked . Kent grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Berkman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Guerrero homered to left . Anderson doubled to deep right center . Guillen singled to left . Amezaga sacrificed to third , Anderson to third , Guillen to second . Molina intentionally walked . Salmon hit for Ortiz . Harville pitching for Astros . Bruntlett at shortstop . Kennedy grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Anderson out at home , Guillen to third , Molina to second . Gregg pitching for Angels . Salmon flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Bagwell homered to right . Lamb flied out to center . Lane flied out to left . Ausmus doubled to deep right center . Bruntlett walked . Ensberg hit for Harville . Biggio doubled to deep left center , Ausmus and Bruntlett scored . Shields pitching for Angels . Ensberg singled to center , Biggio scored . Berkman walked , Ensberg to second . Weathers pitching for Astros . Kent struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Erstad flied out to left . Figgins struck out looking . Guerrero safe at first on error by third baseman Lamb . Anderson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 8th . Bagwell doubled to deep left center . Lamb walked . Lane fouled out to first . Ausmus grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lamb out at second , Bagwell to third . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Davanon in center field . Bruntlett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Guillen hit by pitch . Amezaga hit by pitch , Guillen to second . Molina sacrificed to third , Guillen to third , Amezaga to second . Guillen caught stealing home , catcher to third to catcher . Kennedy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Chavez hit for Weathers . Biggio struck out swinging . Chavez struck out swinging . Berkman lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 6 - Astros 4 .	Ortiz cruises for six , and Angels beat Clemens