Indians - Top 1st . Washburn pitching for Angels . Belliard singled to right . Crisp singled to left center , Belliard to third . Lawton singled to right , Belliard scored , Crisp to second . Martinez singled to right , Crisp scored . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Martinez out at second , Lawton to third . Hafner hit sacrifice fly to center , Lawton scored . Merloni flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Eckstein singled to right . Figgins singled to left , Eckstein to second . Anderson fouled out to catcher . Guerrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Figgins out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Washburn pitching for Angels . Little singled to center . McDonald grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Little out at second . Belliard grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Erstad grounded out to pitcher . Davanon struck out looking . Quinlan grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Washburn pitching for Angels . Crisp doubled to left . Lawton grounded out to second , Crisp to third . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Blake walked . Hafner homered to right center , Crisp and Blake scored . Merloni doubled to deep right . Little singled to center , Merloni scored , Little out stretching at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Molina flied out to right . Kennedy struck out swinging . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Belliard safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Figgins . Crisp flied out to left . Lawton singled to left , Belliard to second . Martinez lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Figgins flied out to center . Anderson grounded out to third . Guerrero grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Washburn pitching for Angels . Blake grounded out to second . Hafner homered to center . Merloni struck out looking . Little flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Erstad singled to center . Davanon reached on infield single to shortstop , Erstad to second , Erstad to third on throwing error by shortstop McDonald . Quinlan singled to center , Erstad scored , Davanon to second . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Quinlan out at second , Davanon to third . Kennedy grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Washburn pitching for Angels . McDonald homered to left center . Belliard flied out to right . Shields pitching for Angels . Crisp homered to left center . Lawton grounded out to pitcher . Martinez singled to right . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martinez out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Eckstein flied out to right . Figgins lined out to shortstop . Figgins in center field . Molina at first base . Halter at third base . Paul catching . Anderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Shields pitching for Angels . Hafner singled to center . Merloni grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hafner out at second . Gerut in right field . Little in left field . Little grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Guerrero flied out to center . Halter struck out swinging . Davanon homered to right . Quinlan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . Broussard ran for Belliard . Belliard hit by pitch . Crisp singled to center , Broussard to second . Gerut flied out to left . Martinez homered to right , Broussard and Crisp scored . Broussard at first base . Merloni at second base . Blake flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Paul singled to center . Kennedy singled to center , Paul to second . Eckstein singled to left , Paul to third , Kennedy to second . White pitching for Indians . Figgins singled to right , Paul and Kennedy scored , Eckstein to third . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eckstein scored , Figgins out at second . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Guerrero struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Hafner homered to right . Merloni flied out to center . Little safe at first on error by third baseman Halter . McDonald grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Little out at second . Broussard singled to right , McDonald to second . Merloni in left field . Vizquel at shortstop . McDonald at second base . Crisp struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 9th . White pitching for Indians . Halter struck out looking . Davanon grounded out to shortstop . Quinlan doubled to deep left . Paul reached on infield single to third . Kennedy popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 14 - Angels 5 .	No Hafner measures : Indians DH hits 3 HR