Angels - Top 1st . Eckstein lined out to center . Figgins batting . Anderson struck out looking . Guerrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Figgins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Stewart singled to left center . Guzman sacrificed to pitcher , Stewart to second . Stewart to third on wild pitch by Lackey . Ford struck out swinging . Morneau struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Guillen walked . Erstad singled to center , Guillen to second . Quinlan lined into double play , second to shortstop , Guillen doubled off second . Kennedy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Hunter flied out to right . Jones popped out to shortstop . Koskie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Molina singled to center . Eckstein grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Molina out at second . Figgins lined into double play , to first , Eckstein doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Blanco grounded out to third . Rivas singled to right . Rivas stole second . Stewart walked . Guzman flied out to left . Ford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Stewart out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Anderson popped out to shortstop . Guerrero singled to center . Guillen singled to right center , Guerrero to third . Erstad grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guillen out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Morneau fouled out to third . Hunter homered to left . Jones singled to center . Koskie homered to right center , Jones scored . Blanco flied out to center . Rivas struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Quinlan singled to center . Kennedy fouled out to left . Molina reached on infield single to shortstop , Quinlan to second . Eckstein grounded out to third , Quinlan to third , Molina to second . Figgins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Guzman flied out to center . Ford struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Anderson flied out to center . Guerrero grounded out to second . Guillen singled to center . Erstad grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guillen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Morneau struck out looking . Hunter hit by pitch . Hunter stole second . Jones walked . Koskie hit by pitch , Hunter to third , Jones to second . Blanco singled to center , Hunter and Jones scored , Koskie to second . Koskie caught stealing third , catcher to third , Blanco to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Rivas walked . Hensley pitching for Angels . Stewart doubled to deep right , Blanco and Rivas scored . Guzman grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Quinlan struck out looking . Kennedy grounded out to second . Molina reached on infield single to first . Eckstein grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Ford singled to center . Morneau homered to center , Ford scored . Hunter fouled out to catcher . Jones lined out to center . Bartlett at shortstop . Koskie struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Figgins walked . Anderson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Figgins out at second . Amezaga at shortstop . Figgins in center field . Pride in right field . Quinlan at third base . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Blanco struck out swinging . Rivas struck out swinging . Cuddyer ran for Stewart . Stewart reached on infield single to third . Bartlett struck out swinging . Cuddyer in left field . Ford popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Erstad singled to right . Quinlan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Erstad safe at third on error by shortstop Bartlett . Kennedy grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Quinlan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 0 - Twins 10 .	Silva silences Angels as Twins romp 10 - 0