Royals - Top 1st . Ortiz pitching for Angels . DeJesus homered to right . Relaford grounded out to second . Nunez singled to center . Stairs flied out to left . Nunez to second on wild pitch by Ortiz . Pickering walked . Guiel flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Wood pitching for Royals . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Erstad flied out to left . Guerrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Berroa lined out to left . Gotay singled to left center . Buck grounded out to third , Gotay to second . DeJesus lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Wood pitching for Royals . Anderson reached on infield single to second . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson out at second . Davanon flied out to center , Guillen to second . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Relaford flied out to left . Nunez grounded out to shortstop . Stairs singled to center . Pickering struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Wood pitching for Royals . Kennedy singled to center . Figgins struck out swinging . Eckstein walked , Kennedy to second . Erstad singled to center , Kennedy scored , Eckstein to second . Guerrero grounded out to third , Eckstein to third , Erstad to second . Anderson singled to right , Eckstein and Erstad scored . Guillen singled to left , Anderson to second . Anderson to third , Guillen to second on wild pitch by Wood . Davanon doubled to deep left , Anderson and Guillen scored . Molina struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Guiel popped out to second . Berroa popped out to first . Gotay grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Wood pitching for Royals . Kennedy hit by pitch . Figgins walked , Kennedy to second . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop , Kennedy scored . Kinney pitching for Royals . Erstad walked . Guerrero singled to right , Figgins scored , Erstad to third . Anderson homered to right , Erstad and Guerrero scored . Guillen struck out looking . Davanon tripled to deep left . Molina walked . Kennedy singled to right , Davanon scored , Molina to second . Figgins singled to left , Molina to third , Kennedy to second . Camp pitching for Royals . Eckstein grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kennedy out at third . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 5th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Buck reached on infield single to third . DeJesus doubled to deep left , Buck to third . Relaford singled to deep right , Buck and DeJesus scored . Nunez homered to right , Relaford scored . Stairs singled to right . Pickering singled to center , Stairs to second . Guiel grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pickering out at second , Stairs to third . Berroa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Guiel out at second . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Camp pitching for Royals . Erstad reached on infield single to pitcher . Guerrero singled to left , Erstad to second . Anderson safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Stairs , Erstad scored , Guerrero to third . Guillen singled to center , Guerrero scored , Anderson to third . Davanon singled to left , Anderson scored , Guillen to second . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davanon out at second , Guillen to third . Kennedy grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 6th . Ortiz pitching for Angels . Gotay flied out to left . Buck doubled to deep center . Buck to third on balk by Ortiz . DeJesus singled to center , Buck scored . Relaford flied out to right . Nunez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Camp pitching for Royals . Figgins safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Relaford . Eckstein struck out swinging . Erstad doubled to deep center , Figgins scored . Guerrero singled to center , Erstad scored . Anderson flied out to center . Molina at first base . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Guillen lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Stairs singled to left . Pickering grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stairs out at second . Gomez in right field . Guerrero at first base . Sullivan pitching for Royals . Guiel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Sullivan pitching for Royals . Davanon homered to right . Molina singled to left . Paul ran for Molina . Kennedy flied out to left . Figgins doubled to left , Paul to third . Eckstein hit by pitch . Pride hit for Guerrero . Molina homered to left , Paul , Figgins and Eckstein scored . Amezaga hit for Anderson . Pride struck out looking . Hensley pitching for Angels . Pride in right field . Amezaga at shortstop . DaVanon in center field . Paul catching . Amezaga grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Hensley pitching for Angels . Berroa struck out swinging . Gotay singled to left . Buck struck out swinging . DeJesus batting . Relaford grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Sullivan pitching for Royals . Guillen singled to right . DaVanon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guillen out at second . Paul popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Hensley pitching for Angels . Gomez struck out swinging . Guerrero struck out swinging . Pickering grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Angels 21 .	No mercy : Angels score 21 ; DaVanon cycles