Mets - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Reyes grounded out to first . Lo Duca grounded out to second . Beltran grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Glavine pitching for Mets . Eckstein singled to center . Wilson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Eckstein out at second . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Delgado flied out to right . Wright grounded out to shortstop . Alou singled to center . Green singled to left center , Alou to third . Valentin grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Rolen grounded out to shortstop . Molina flied out to center . Edmonds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Glavine singled to left . Reyes struck out swinging . Lo Duca grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Glavine out at second . Beltran hit by pitch , Lo Duca to second . Delgado doubled to deep left , Lo Duca and Beltran scored . Wright grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Taguchi grounded out to pitcher . Kennedy tripled to deep center . Carpenter bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Kennedy out at home . Eckstein flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Alou flied out to center . Green singled to left . Valentin singled to shallow right , Green to third . Glavine sacrificed to catcher , Valentin to second . Reyes walked . Lo Duca singled to center , Green and Valentin scored , Reyes to third . Beltran singled to center , Reyes scored , Lo Duca to second . Delgado grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Wilson struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to third . Rolen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Wright singled to left . Alou struck out swinging . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Wright out at second . Valentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Molina singled to center . Edmonds grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Molina out at second . Taguchi grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Glavine grounded out to pitcher . Reyes safe at first on error by left fielder Taguchi . Lo Duca lined into double play , second to first , Reyes doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Schumaker hit for Carpenter . Glavine pitching for Mets . Kennedy flied out to left . Schumaker singled to left . Eckstein doubled to left , Schumaker scored . Wilson singled to shallow center , Eckstein thrown out at home , Wilson to second advancing on throw . Pujols walked . Rolen hit by pitch , Wilson to third , Pujols to second . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Molina popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Beltran popped out to second . Delgado struck out swinging . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Wright flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Edmonds reached on infield single to third . Taguchi flied out to left . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Miles at second base . Kennedy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Edmonds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Alou popped out to shortstop . Green flied out to center . Chavez in right field . Valentin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Miles walked . Smith pitching for Mets . Eckstein singled to left , Miles to second . Wilson struck out swinging . Heilman pitching for Mets . Pujols walked , Miles to third , Eckstein to second . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Newhan hit for Heilman . Rolen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Newhan singled to shallow center . Reyes singled to right , Newhan to third . Reyes caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Lo Duca singled to left , Newhan scored . Beltran grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lo Duca out at second . Wagner pitching for Mets . Delgado grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Beltran out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Wagner pitching for Mets . Molina singled to center . Spiezio hit for Edmonds . Spiezio popped out to second . Bennett hit for Thompson . Taguchi singled to center , Molina to second . Bennett popped out to second . Miles flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 6 - Cardinals 1 .	Glavine , Delgado spoil Cardinals ' Opening Day bid