Yankees - Top 1st . Glavine pitching for Mets . Damon walked . Jeter struck out looking . Matsui singled to center , Damon to second . Rodriguez walked , Damon to third , Matsui to second . Posada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Damon scored , Rodriguez out at second , Matsui to third . Abreu flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Rasner pitching for Yankees . Reyes singled to left center . Myers pitching for Yankees . Chavez reached on infield single to pitcher , Reyes to third . Beltran hit sacrifice fly to center , Reyes scored . Delgado struck out swinging . Wright homered to left , Chavez scored . Green safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Cano . Green stole second . Lo Duca flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 2nd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Cano homered to right . Phelps singled to left . Myers grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Phelps out at second . Damon singled to right , Myers to second . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Damon out at second , Myers to third . Matsui grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Easley singled to center . Glavine sacrificed to third , Easley to second . Reyes safe at first on error by second baseman Cano , Easley to third . Reyes stole second . Chavez singled to left , Easley scored , Reyes to third . Chavez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Beltran flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 3rd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Posada singled to right center . Abreu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Posada out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Delgado singled to center . Wright homered to center , Delgado scored . Vizcaino pitching for Yankees . Green walked . Lo Duca grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Green out at second . Easley flied out to right . Glavine grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Cano singled to center . Phelps grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cano out at second . Vizcaino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Vizcaino pitching for Yankees . Reyes popped out to first . Chavez reached on infield single to pitcher . Beltran singled to right , Chavez to second . Delgado doubled to right , Chavez scored , Beltran to third . Wright intentionally walked . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Beltran scored , Wright out at second , Delgado to third . Lo Duca grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Green out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Damon grounded out to pitcher . Jeter grounded out to third . Villone pitching for Yankees . Matsui lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Villone pitching for Yankees . Easley grounded out to second . Glavine grounded out to shortstop . Reyes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Rodriguez popped out to first . Posada reached on infield single to shortstop . Abreu singled to right , Posada to second . Cano grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Villone pitching for Yankees . Chavez hit ground rule double to deep center . Beltran popped out to shortstop . Delgado flied out to center . Wright intentionally walked . Green lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Mientkiewicz hit for Villone . Schoeneweis pitching for Mets . Gomez in right field . Phelps reached on infield single to third . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first , Phelps to second . Damon grounded out to second , Phelps to third . Jeter singled to center , Phelps scored . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Matsui lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Lo Duca flied out to center . Easley struck out swinging . Gomez walked . Reyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Schoeneweis pitching for Mets . Rodriguez homered to left . Posada homered to right center . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Abreu walked . Cano grounded out to second , Abreu to second . Giambi hit for Bruney . Phelps doubled to left center , Abreu scored . Giambi grounded out to first , Phelps to third . Heilman pitching for Mets . Damon walked . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Jeter grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Chavez grounded out to pitcher . Beltran walked . Delgado grounded out to second , Beltran to second . Franco hit for Heilman . Wright intentionally walked . Franco reached on infield single to second , Beltran and Wright scored , Franco to second . Wagner pitching for Mets . Lo Duca struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 9th . Wagner pitching for Mets . Matsui flied out to center . Rodriguez singled to center . Posada singled to right center , Rodriguez to third . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rodriguez scored , Posada safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Wagner . Cano struck out swinging . Phelps struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 7 - Mets 10 .	Wright hits 2 HRs , Mets scorch Yanks