Mets - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Reyes reached on bunt single to pitcher . Reyes stole second . Gotay grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Reyes scored , Gotay to second on error by third baseman Atkins . Beltran grounded out to first , Gotay to third . Wright singled to right , Gotay scored . Delgado singled to left , Wright to third . Green grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Delgado out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Mets . Taveras singled to center . Matsui singled to left center , Taveras to second , Taveras to third , Matsui to second on error by left fielder Gomez . Holliday singled to center , Taveras and Matsui scored . Holliday stole second . Helton grounded out to third . Atkins homered to left , Holliday scored . Spilborghs fouled out to first . Tulowitzki fouled out to catcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Castro singled to left . Gomez grounded out to pitcher , Castro to second . Vargas grounded out to second , Castro to third . Reyes grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Mets . Torrealba homered to left . Cook popped out to second . Taveras reached on infield single to pitcher . Matsui singled to right , Taveras to third . Matsui to second on wild pitch by Vargas . Holliday intentionally walked . Helton walked , Taveras scored , Matsui to third , Holliday to second . Atkins popped out to first . Spilborghs struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Gotay grounded out to shortstop . Beltran grounded out to second . Wright lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Mets . Tulowitzki popped out to second . Torrealba singled to left . Cook struck out bunting foul . Torrealba to second on balk by Vargas . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Delgado singled to right center . Green grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Delgado out at second . Castro homered to left . Gomez bunt grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Mets . Matsui safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Wright . Holliday singled to left center , Matsui to second . Helton flied out to left . Smith pitching for Mets . Atkins reached on infield single to third , Matsui to third , Holliday to second . Spilborghs homered to right , Matsui , Holliday and Atkins scored . Tulowitzki singled to left . Torrealba walked , Tulowitzki to second . Ledee hit for Smith . Cook grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Torrealba out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Ledee grounded out to second . Reyes popped out to shortstop . Gotay doubled to deep center . Sele pitching for Mets . Beltran grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Sele pitching for Mets . Taveras reached on infield single to shortstop . Matsui reached on infield single to second , Taveras to second . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Matsui out at second , Taveras to third . Helton walked , Holliday to second . Atkins hit sacrifice fly to right , Taveras scored . Spilborghs fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Wright grounded out to shortstop . Delgado grounded out to shortstop . Green grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Sele pitching for Mets . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Cook struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Valentin hit for Sele . Gomez struck out swinging . Mota pitching for Mets . Sullivan hit for Taveras . Valentin lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Mota pitching for Mets . Sullivan flied out to center . Matsui singled to right . Holliday flied out to center . Helton singled to left , Matsui to second . Sullivan in center field . Atkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Reyes grounded out to pitcher . Gotay grounded out to first . Schoeneweis pitching for Mets . Gotay at shortstop . Easley at second base . Beltran grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Schoeneweis pitching for Mets . Spilborghs struck out swinging . Tulowitzki singled to center . Baker hit for Cook . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tulowitzki safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Easley . Baker struck out looking . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Baker at first base . Sullivan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Wright grounded out to pitcher . Delgado struck out swinging . Green struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 3 - Rockies 11 .	Rockies rout Mets