Mariners - Top 1st . Chavez pitching for Angels . Segura walked . Haniger struck out swinging . Canó flied out to center . Segura stole second . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Gallardo pitching for Mariners . Escobar singled to deep center . Calhoun hit ground rule double to deep left , Escobar to third . Trout hit sacrifice fly to center , Escobar scored . Pujols grounded out to third . Cron grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Chavez pitching for Angels . Seager flied out to left . Valencia lined out to center . Dyson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Mariners . Maybin struck out looking . Simmons grounded out to first . Espinosa grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Chavez pitching for Angels . Zunino singled to deep left . Heredia flied out to left . Segura struck out swinging . Haniger flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Mariners . Maldonado singled to deep center . Escobar singled to center , Maldonado to second . Calhoun struck out swinging . Trout intentionally walked , Maldonado to third , Escobar to second . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Maldonado scored , Escobar safe at third on error by third baseman Seager , Trout to second . Cron struck out swinging . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pujols out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 4th . Chavez pitching for Angels . Canó struck out looking . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Seager struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Gallardo pitching for Mariners . Simmons lined out to right . Espinosa walked . Maldonado singled to right , Espinosa to third . Escobar lined out to second . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Chavez pitching for Angels . Valencia lined out to left . Dyson flied out to center . Zunino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Gallardo pitching for Mariners . Trout singled to right . Pujols flied into double play , center to first , Trout doubled off first . Cron popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Chavez pitching for Angels . Heredia grounded out to third . Segura flied out to right . Haniger singled to deep left center . Canó singled to left center , Haniger to third . Cruz singled to center , Haniger scored , Canó to third . Álvarez pitching for Angels . Seager struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Gallardo pitching for Mariners . Maybin homered to center ( 397 feet ) . Simmons singled to deep right . Fien pitching for Mariners . Espinosa grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Simmons out at second . Maldonado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Norris pitching for Angels . Valencia singled to right . Dyson hit by pitch , Valencia to second . Zunino struck out swinging . Heredia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Valencia out at third , Dyson to second . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Heredia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Fien pitching for Mariners . Escobar reached on infield single to pitcher . Calhoun homered to right center ( 384 feet ) , Escobar scored . Trout grounded out to pitcher . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Cron struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Bailey pitching for Angels . Haniger flied out to right . Canó lined out to third . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Overton pitching for Mariners . Maybin flied out to center . Simmons singled to center . Espinosa struck out swinging , Simmons stole second . Maldonado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Parker pitching for Angels . Seager grounded out to shortstop . Valencia safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Escobar . Dyson struck out swinging . Valencia to second on fielder 's indifference . Zunino popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 1 - Angels 5 .	Maybin , Calhoun drive Angels to 5 - 1 win over Mariners