Angels - Top 1st . Miranda pitching for Mariners . Escobar singled to right . Calhoun grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Escobar out at second . Pujols popped out to second . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Meyer pitching for Angels . Segura hit by pitch . Segura caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Gamel walked . Canó grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gamel out at second . Cruz doubled to deep right , Canó scored . Seager lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Miranda pitching for Mariners . Simmons grounded out to third . Maybin singled to right . Espinosa walked , Maybin to second . Revere grounded out to first , Maybin to third , Espinosa to second . Graterol singled to left , Maybin and Espinosa scored . Escobar reached on infield single to pitcher , Graterol to second , Graterol to third on throwing error by pitcher Miranda . Calhoun grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Meyer pitching for Angels . Valencia popped out to first . Heredia singled to center . Zunino walked , Heredia to second . Dyson struck out swinging . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zunino out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Miranda pitching for Mariners . Pujols grounded out to third . Marte lined out to left . Simmons grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Meyer pitching for Angels . Gamel walked . Canó struck out swinging . Cruz struck out swinging . Seager singled to left , Gamel to second . Valencia singled to left , Gamel scored , Seager to second , Seager to third , Valencia to second advancing on throw . Heredia doubled to right , Seager and Valencia scored . Zunino struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Miranda pitching for Mariners . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . Espinosa struck out swinging . Revere bunt grounded out to first . Graterol flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Meyer pitching for Angels . Dyson grounded out to pitcher . Segura singled to right center . Gamel doubled to right , Segura scored . Canó grounded out to second , Gamel to third . Cruz singled to center , Gamel scored . Seager flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Miranda pitching for Mariners . Escobar singled to right . Calhoun grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Escobar out at second . Pujols flied out to center . Marte flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Wright pitching for Angels . Valencia singled to center . Heredia struck out swinging . Zunino struck out swinging . Dyson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Miranda pitching for Mariners . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . Maybin lined out to right . Espinosa flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Wright pitching for Angels . Segura singled to right center . Gamel singled to right , Segura to third . Canó grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Segura scored , Gamel out at second . Cruz struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Miranda pitching for Mariners . Revere struck out looking . Graterol struck out looking . Escobar singled to center . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Wright pitching for Angels . Seager flied out to left . Valencia homered to left ( 413 feet ) . Heredia singled to center . Zunino grounded into double play , third to second to first , Heredia out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Zych pitching for Mariners . Pujols singled to left . Marte doubled to deep left , Pujols to third . Simmons grounded out to shortstop , Pujols scored . Maybin grounded out to third . Espinosa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Wright pitching for Angels . Dyson hit by pitch . Dyson stole second . Segura walked . Gamel singled to right , Dyson scored , Segura to second . Canó struck out swinging . Cruz lined out to center . Seager singled to right , Segura scored , Gamel to third . Valencia singled to center , Gamel scored , Seager to second . Heredia flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Overton pitching for Mariners . Revere grounded out to third . Graterol flied out to right . Escobar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 3 - Mariners 11 .	Valencia , Miranda lift Mariners past Angels 11 - 3