Rangers - Top 1st . De Jong pitching for Mariners . DeShields singled to center . Odor popped out to third . Mazara popped out to third . DeShields stole second . Andrus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Perez pitching for Rangers . Segura singled to center . Heredia singled to right , Segura to second . Canó grounded out to first , Segura to third , Heredia to second . Cruz grounded out to shortstop , Segura scored . Seager struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . De Jong pitching for Mariners . Gómez fouled out to catcher . Gallo homered to right ( 424 feet ) . Napoli grounded out to pitcher . Choo grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Valencia safe at first on error by third baseman Gallo . Motter flied out to left . Gamel struck out swinging . Gosewisch struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 3rd . De Jong pitching for Mariners . Chirinos grounded out to third . DeShields doubled to deep left . Odor flied out to center . Mazara fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Segura flied out to center . Heredia singled to right . Canó grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Heredia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . De Jong pitching for Mariners . Andrus struck out swinging . Gómez singled to center . Gallo flied out to center . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gómez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Cruz grounded out to second . Seager singled to deep right . Valencia fouled out to catcher . Motter doubled to left , Seager to third . Gamel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . De Jong pitching for Mariners . Choo grounded out to second . Chirinos flied out to center . DeShields lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Gosewisch popped out to second . Segura struck out swinging . Heredia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . De Jong pitching for Mariners . Odor struck out swinging . Mazara lined out to left . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Canó flied out to center . Cruz singled to center . Seager reached on infield single to second , Cruz to second . Valencia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Seager out at second , Cruz to third . Motter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Pazos pitching for Mariners . Gómez struck out swinging . Gallo struck out swinging . Napoli doubled to left center . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Gamel singled to center . Gosewisch sacrificed to catcher , Gamel to second , Gosewisch safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Pérez . Kela pitching for Rangers . Segura reached on infield single to shortstop , Gamel to third , Gosewisch to second . Heredia hit by pitch , Gamel scored , Gosewisch to third , Segura to second . Álvarez pitching for Rangers . Canó hit sacrifice fly to center , Gosewisch scored . Cruz walked , Segura to third , Heredia to second . Seager fouled out to third . Valencia singled to center , Segura and Heredia scored , Cruz to second . Motter doubled to deep left center , Cruz scored , Valencia to third . Gamel singled to center , Valencia and Motter scored . Gosewisch grounded out to third . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 8th . Zych pitching for Mariners . Chirinos singled to center . DeShields struck out swinging . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Chirinos out at second . Mazara walked , Odor to second . Andrus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Kozma at third base . Jeffress pitching for Rangers . Segura reached on infield single to third . Heredia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Segura out at second . Canó reached on infield single to second . Cruz walked , Canó to second . Freeman ran for Cruz . Seager grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Altavilla pitching for Mariners . Gómez struck out swinging . Kozma struck out looking . Napoli homered to left ( 372 feet ) . Choo flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - Mariners 8 .	Mariners use 7 - run 7th inning to rally past Rangers 8 - 2