Rangers - Top 1st . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . DeShields struck out swinging . Strausborger flied out to center . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Perez pitching for Rangers . Marte struck out swinging . Seager struck out swinging . Cruz singled to right . Canó struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Beltré walked . Napoli struck out swinging . Hamilton struck out swinging . Beltré picked off first . Andrus batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Montero grounded out to shortstop . Jackson grounded out to third . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Andrus grounded out to third . Odor flied out to center . Gimenez doubled to left center . DeShields reached on infield single to second , Gimenez tagged out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Miller walked . Sucre singled to right , Miller to second . Marte grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sucre out at second , Miller to third . Seager grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Strausborger walked . Fielder doubled to deep left , Strausborger scored . Beltré grounded out to second , Fielder to third . Napoli walked . Hamilton singled to right , Fielder scored , Napoli to second . Andrus lined out to right . Odor reached on infield single to second , Napoli to third , Hamilton to second . Gimenez walked , Napoli scored , Hamilton to third , Odor to second . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gimenez out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Cruz doubled to left . Canó singled to center , Cruz to third . Montero singled to left center , Cruz scored , Canó to second . Canó to third , Montero to second on passed ball by Gimenez . Jackson fouled out to second . Trumbo hit sacrifice fly to right , Canó scored , Montero to third . Miller reached on infield single to third , Montero scored . Sucre flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Rollins pitching for Mariners . Strausborger singled to shallow left center . Fielder grounded out to first , Strausborger to second . Beltré grounded out to shortstop , Strausborger to third . Napoli flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Marte grounded out to second . Seager singled to center . Cruz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Seager out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Rollins pitching for Mariners . Hamilton grounded out to second . Andrus struck out swinging . Odor grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Canó grounded out to second . Montero grounded out to third . Jackson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Guaipe pitching for Mariners . Gimenez grounded out to shortstop . DeShields singled to left center , DeShields out stretching at second . Strausborger grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Dyson pitching for Rangers . Trumbo walked . Morrison ran for Trumbo . Miller grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Morrison out at second . Smith hit for Sucre . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Miller out at second . Marte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Zunino catching . Morrison in right field . Miller at shortstop . Smith in left field . Rodney pitching for Mariners . Fielder flied out to center . Beltré flied out to center . Moreland hit for Napoli . Moreland singled to right center . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Moreland at first base . Diekman pitching for Rangers . Seager grounded out to second . Cruz struck out swinging . Canó safe at first on error by second baseman Odor . Montero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 9th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Andrus struck out swinging . Odor singled to center . Odor caught stealing second , catcher to second . Gimenez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Diekman pitching for Rangers . Jackson struck out swinging . Morrison struck out looking . Miller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 10th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . DeShields struck out looking . Strausborger walked . Fielder grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Strausborger out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 10th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Smith safe at second on error by left fielder Strausborger . Zunino struck out swinging . Seager struck out swinging . Cruz intentionally walked . Canó intentionally walked , Smith to third , Cruz to second . Montero struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 11th . Rasmussen pitching for Mariners . Beltré singled to center . Moreland singled to center , Beltré to third . Hamilton singled to right , Beltré scored , Moreland to second . Rosales ran for Moreland . Andrus singled to left , Rosales to third , Hamilton to second . Odor singled to center , Rosales scored , Hamilton to third , Andrus to second . Gimenez doubled to deep left , Hamilton and Andrus scored , Odor to third . Beimel pitching for Mariners . DeShields singled to left , Odor and Gimenez scored . Strausborger lined out to center . Fielder homered to left ( 378 feet ) , DeShields scored . Beltré lined out to center . Rosales flied out to right . 8 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 11th . Rosales at first base . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Jackson flied out to right . Morrison struck out swinging . Miller doubled to deep center . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 11 - Mariners 3 .	Rangers score 8 times in 11th inning to beat Mariners 11 - 3