Mariners - Top 1st . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Marte lined out to first . Seager struck out looking . Cruz singled to left . Canó grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Walker pitching for Mariners . DeShields flied out to right . Choo walked . Fielder singled to center , Choo to third . Beltré doubled to deep left , Choo scored , Fielder to third . Moreland struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . Jackson struck out looking . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Walker pitching for Mariners . Odor popped out to shortstop . Gimenez grounded out to third . Strausborger singled to center . DeShields popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Morrison walked . Zunino grounded into double play , third to second to first , Morrison out at second . Marte grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Walker pitching for Mariners . Choo singled to left . Fielder popped out to first . Beltré doubled to left , Choo scored . Moreland grounded out to second , Beltré to third . Andrus grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Seager walked . Seager stole second . Cruz walked . Canó struck out swinging . Gutiérrez doubled to deep left , Seager scored , Cruz to third . Jackson struck out swinging . Trumbo grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Walker pitching for Mariners . Odor reached on infield single to pitcher . Gimenez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Odor out at second . Strausborger struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Morrison singled to left . Zunino singled to left , Morrison to second . Marte bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Morrison out at third , Zunino to second . Seager singled to center , Zunino scored , Marte to second . Cruz grounded into double play , third to second to first , Seager out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Walker pitching for Mariners . DeShields struck out swinging . Choo grounded out to second . Fielder singled to center . Beltré singled to right , Fielder to second . Moreland lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Canó struck out swinging . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . Jackson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Walker pitching for Mariners . Andrus singled to left center . Odor reached on bunt single to pitcher , Andrus to second . Gimenez sacrificed to pitcher , Andrus to third , Odor to second . Strausborger hit sacrifice fly to center , Andrus scored . DeShields grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Trumbo singled to left . Morrison walked , Trumbo to second . Miller ran for Trumbo . Zunino sacrificed to catcher , Miller to third , Morrison to second . Marte singled to right , Miller scored , Morrison to third . Seager lined out to right , Morrison out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Olmos pitching for Mariners . Choo flied out to left . Fielder hit by pitch . Beltré grounded into double play , third to second to first , Fielder out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Dyson pitching for Rangers . Cruz grounded out to third . Canó grounded out to shortstop . Gutiérrez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Olmos pitching for Mariners . Moreland grounded out to second . Andrus lined out to center . Odor doubled to right . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Napoli hit for Gimenez . Napoli grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Wilson catching . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Jackson singled to center . Miller struck out swinging . Morrison grounded out to shortstop , Jackson to second . Zunino grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Rodney pitching for Mariners . Strausborger reached on bunt single to pitcher . DeShields reached on bunt single to third , Strausborger to second . Choo hit by pitch , Strausborger to third , DeShields to second . Fielder struck out swinging . Beltré walked , Strausborger scored , DeShields to third , Choo to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Rangers 4 .	Rodney walks in winning run as Rangers top Mariners 4 - 3