Mariners - Top 1st . Holland pitching for Rangers . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Seager lined out to center . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . DeShields struck out swinging . Choo singled to left . Beltré walked , Choo to second . Moreland singled to left , Choo scored , Beltré to second . Napoli hit by pitch , Beltré to third , Moreland to second . Andrus singled to center , Beltré and Moreland scored , Napoli to second . Odor grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Andrus out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Canó singled to center . Gutiérrez lined out to right . Jackson singled to right , Canó to second . Trumbo struck out swinging . Montero flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Wilson struck out swinging . Strausborger grounded out to pitcher . DeShields walked . Choo walked , DeShields to second . Beltré grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Zunino struck out swinging . Marte struck out swinging . Seager grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Moreland grounded out to second . Napoli singled to shallow left . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Napoli out at second , Andrus to second on throwing error by shortstop Marte . Odor grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 4th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Cruz lined out to center . Canó struck out swinging . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Wilson grounded out to third . Strausborger grounded out to second . DeShields singled to left . Choo lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Trumbo homered to left ( 401 feet ) . Montero doubled to deep right . Zunino fouled out to first . Marte grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Beltré grounded out to third . Moreland struck out swinging . Napoli walked . Andrus fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Seager singled to right center . Cruz singled to left , Seager to second . Canó singled to left , Seager to third , Cruz to second . Gutiérrez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Seager scored , Canó out at second , Cruz to third . Jackson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Odor out on batter 's interference to catcher . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Odor batting . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Strausborger reached on infield single to shortstop . Strausborger stole second . DeShields grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Montero reached on infield single to shortstop . Kela pitching for Rangers . Zunino struck out swinging . Montero to second on wild pitch by Kela . Marte singled to center , Montero thrown out at home , Montero to third advancing on play . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Beimel pitching for Mariners . Choo hit by pitch . Beltré lined out to right . Moreland homered to right ( 379 feet ) , Choo scored . Napoli homered to center ( 463 feet ) . Andrus homered to center ( 427 feet ) . Rollins pitching for Mariners . Odor grounded out to first . Wilson singled to left . Strausborger grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Diekman pitching for Rangers . Seager grounded out to second . Cruz struck out swinging . Canó grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Rollins pitching for Mariners . DeShields struck out swinging . Choo struck out swinging . Beltré singled to center . Moreland flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Dyson pitching for Rangers . Gutiérrez grounded out to pitcher . Jackson lined out to left . Trumbo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 2 - Rangers 7 .	Holland returns as homer - happy Rangers beat Mariners 7 - 2