Mariners - Top 1st . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Marte struck out swinging . Seager struck out swinging . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Altuve popped out to shortstop . González walked . Correa singled to right center , González to second , González to third on error by right fielder Cruz . Correa to second on wild pitch by Nuño . Gattis hit sacrifice fly to right , González scored , Correa to third . Gómez flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 2nd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Canó grounded out to pitcher . Gutiérrez grounded out to pitcher . Trumbo homered to right center ( 427 feet ) . Montero struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Lowrie grounded out to third . Carter walked . Conger grounded into double play , third to second to first , Carter out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Miller fouled out to catcher . Sucre lined out to shortstop . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Marisnick hit by pitch . Altuve singled to shallow right center , Marisnick to third . González grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Marisnick out at home , Altuve to second . Correa struck out swinging . Altuve stole third . Gattis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , González out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Seager singled to center . Cruz walked , Seager to second . Canó singled to right , Seager to third , Cruz to second . Gutiérrez grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Seager out at home , Cruz to third , Canó to second . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Gómez flied out to right . Lowrie homered to right ( 340 feet ) . Carter struck out swinging . Conger homered to left ( 406 feet ) . Marisnick grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Montero lined out to right . Miller singled to right center . Miller stole second . Sucre struck out swinging . Miller to third on wild pitch by Keuchel . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Altuve singled to center . González flied out to center . Correa homered to left center ( 409 feet ) , Altuve scored . Gattis grounded out to third . Gómez flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Seager lined out to left . Cruz singled to left . Cruz to second on wild pitch by Keuchel . Canó grounded out to third . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Lowrie doubled to deep right center . Carter safe at first on error by third baseman Seager , Lowrie to third . Conger grounded into double play , third to second to first , Carter out at second . Marisnick popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 7th . González at first base . Rasmus in left field . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Trumbo fouled out to first . Montero safe at first on error by shortstop Correa . Miller singled to right , Montero to second . Sucre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Miller out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 7th . Rasmussen pitching for Mariners . Altuve singled to left . González singled to left , Altuve to second . Correa flied out to right . Gattis hit ground rule double to deep center , Altuve scored , González to third . Gómez singled to left , González scored , Gattis to third . Lowrie grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gattis scored , Gómez out at second . Rasmus flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Harris pitching for Astros . Marte grounded out to first . Seager flied out to center . Cruz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Trumbo in right field . Montero at first base . Rasmussen pitching for Mariners . Trumbo in right field . Montero at first base . Conger struck out swinging . Trumbo in right field . Montero at first base . Rasmussen pitching for Mariners . Trumbo in right field . Montero at first base . Conger struck out swinging . Marisnick struck out swinging . Altuve grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Pérez pitching for Astros . Canó struck out swinging . Gutiérrez singled to center . Gutiérrez to second on fielder 's indifference . Trumbo homered to left center ( 385 feet ) , Gutiérrez scored . Montero lined out to second . Miller lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Astros 8 .	Keuchel 's solid start helps Astros over Mariners 8 - 3