Nationals - Top 1st . Lowe pitching for Braves . Milledge struck out looking . Guzman singled to left . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Dunn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Martis pitching for Nationals . Johnson singled to shallow right . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . Jones grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Lowe pitching for Braves . Johnson struck out looking . Dukes flied out to right . Flores reached on infield single to third . Harris grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Martis pitching for Nationals . McCann doubled to deep center . Kotchman grounded out to pitcher . Francoeur flied out to right . Diaz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Lowe pitching for Braves . Martis singled to center . Milledge hit by pitch , Martis to second . Guzman sacrificed to third , Martis to third , Milledge to second . Zimmerman doubled to deep right , Martis scored , Milledge to third . Dunn intentionally walked . Johnson struck out swinging . Dukes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Martis pitching for Nationals . Schafer singled to right . Lowe sacrificed to third , Schafer to second . Johnson walked . Escobar homered to left , Schafer and Johnson scored . Jones struck out swinging . McCann doubled to left . Kotchman grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Lowe pitching for Braves . Flores walked . Harris struck out looking . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Bard singled to right , Flores to second . Bard singled to right , Flores to second . Milledge singled to right , Flores to third , Bard to second . Guzman lined out to left . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Milledge out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Ledezma pitching for Nationals . Francoeur struck out swinging . Diaz walked . Schafer struck out swinging . Carlyle struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Dunn walked . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second . Dukes singled to left . Flores struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Ledezma pitching for Nationals . Johnson grounded out to second . Escobar reached on infield single to second . Escobar to second on wild pitch by Ledezma . Jones walked , Escobar to third on passed ball . Jones batting . McCann hit sacrifice fly to left , Escobar scored . Kotchman singled to shallow center , Jones to second . Tavarez pitching for Nationals . Francoeur struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Harris walked . Willingham hit for Tavarez . Willingham grounded out to third , Harris to second . Milledge grounded out to first , Harris to third . Guzman singled to right center , Harris scored . Moylan pitching for Braves . Zimmerman doubled to left center , Guzman scored . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Dunn singled to shallow right , Zimmerman scored . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dunn out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Shell pitching for Nationals . Diaz walked . Schafer bunt popped out to pitcher . Norton hit for O'Flaherty . Norton flied out to center . Hinckley pitching for Nationals . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Bennett pitching for Braves . Dukes singled to center . Flores sacrificed to pitcher , Dukes to second . Harris hit by pitch . Kearns hit for Hinckley . Kearns walked , Dukes to third , Harris to second . Milledge grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kearns out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Jones fouled out to third . McCann doubled to right . Kotchman intentionally walked . Francoeur singled to shallow center , McCann scored , Kotchman to third . Diaz struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Soriano pitching for Braves . Guzman flied out to right . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Dunn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Schafer struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to second . Anderson grounded out to second . Johnson doubled to left . Escobar singled to right , Johnson to third , Johnson tagged out at home attempting to advance on play . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Gonzalez pitching for Braves . Johnson doubled to left . Dukes singled to right , Johnson to third . Flores flied out to right . Gonzalez hit for Harris . Gonzalez walked , Dukes to second . Nieves hit for Rivera . Nieves struck out swinging . Milledge reached on infield single to pitcher , Johnson scored , Dukes to third , Gonzalez to second . Guzman batting . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Gonzalez at second base . Beimel pitching for Nationals . Jones singled to left center . McCann flied out to left , Jones to second . Kotchman hit by pitch . Francoeur flied out to center . Diaz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 10th . Campillo pitching for Braves . Infante in left field . Zimmerman lined out to third . Dunn walked . Johnson struck out swinging . Dunn to second on passed ball by McCann . Dukes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 10th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Nationals . Schafer singled to left . Infante grounded out to third , Schafer to second . Johnson singled to right , Schafer scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Braves 6 .	Johnson drives Braves past Nats in 10th inning