Braves - Top 1st . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson struck out swinging . Escobar safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Garland . Jones singled to left , Escobar to second . McCann grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Parra struck out swinging . Upton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Anderson doubled to deep right . Kotchman singled to left , Anderson to third . Francoeur singled to right , Anderson scored , Kotchman to second . Schafer reached on infield single to second , Kotchman to third , Francoeur to second . Jurrjens doubled to left , Kotchman and Francoeur scored , Schafer to third , Schafer scored , Jurrjens to third on throwing error by left fielder Parra . Johnson fouled out to third . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Jones walked . McCann flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Drew flied out to left . Reynolds walked . Young fouled out to first . Tracy singled to center , Reynolds scored . Snyder doubled to deep center , Tracy thrown out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 3rd . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Anderson flied out to left . Kotchman singled to center . Francoeur popped out to second . Schafer walked , Kotchman to second . Jurrjens walked , Kotchman to third , Schafer to second . Johnson singled to center , Kotchman and Schafer scored , Jurrjens to third . Escobar homered to left , Jurrjens and Johnson scored . Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Rosales struck out looking . Roberts fouled out to first . Parra reached on infield single to third . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Parra out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks . McCann singled to center . Anderson grounded out to first , McCann to second . Kotchman grounded out to first . Francoeur singled to right , McCann scored . Schafer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Drew singled to center . Reynolds flied out to center . Young doubled to left , Drew to third . Tracy homered to right , Drew and Young scored . Snyder grounded out to shortstop . Rosales struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks . Jurrjens flied out to right . Johnson grounded out to first . Escobar singled to center . Jones grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Roberts doubled to deep left center . Parra singled to center , Roberts scored . Upton struck out swinging . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Parra out at second . Reynolds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Schlereth pitching for Diamondbacks . McCann grounded out to first . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Kotchman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Bennett pitching for Braves . Young popped out to first . Tracy grounded out to shortstop . Snyder grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks . Montero catching . Francoeur popped out to second . Schafer grounded out to second . Norton hit for Bennett . Norton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Moylan pitching for Braves . Montero walked . Roberts singled to center , Montero to second . Parra singled to left , Montero scored , Roberts to second . Upton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Parra out at second , Roberts to third . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Drew struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to second . Jones walked . McCann singled to right , Jones to third . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Soriano pitching for Braves . Diaz in left field . Reynolds struck out swinging . Young struck out looking . Tracy singled to left . Lopez hit for Rauch . Lopez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Reynolds at first base . Ojeda at third base . Zavada pitching for Diamondbacks . Kotchman struck out looking . Francoeur struck out swinging . Schafer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Gonzalez pitching for Braves . Montero struck out looking . Roberts struck out swinging . Parra safe at first on error by second baseman Johnson . Parra to second on fielder 's indifference . Upton walked . Drew struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Braves 10 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Escobar , Jurrjens power Braves past D - backs