Braves - Top 1st . Wells pitching for Cubs . McLouth singled to center . Prado flied out to left . Jones grounded out to pitcher , McLouth to second . McCann flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Fukudome singled to left . Theriot sacrificed to pitcher , Fukudome to second . Lee homered to left , Fukudome scored . Bradley lined out to second . Ramirez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Wells pitching for Cubs . Anderson struck out swinging . Escobar singled to left center . Kotchman flied out to right . Diaz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Soriano lined out to third . Soto flied out to right . Fontenot singled to center . Wells singled to right , Fontenot to second . Fukudome doubled to deep right , Fontenot scored , Wells to third . Theriot reached on infield single to shortstop , Wells scored , Fukudome to third . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Theriot out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Wells pitching for Cubs . Jurrjens struck out swinging . McLouth struck out looking . Prado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Bradley walked . Ramirez lined out to third . Soriano doubled to deep left center , Bradley to third . Soto walked . Fontenot grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bradley out at home , Soriano to third , Soto to second . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Jones singled to right . McCann singled to right , Jones to second . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McCann out at second , Jones to third . Escobar singled to center , Jones scored , Anderson to second . Kotchman safe at first on error by pitcher Wells , Anderson to third , Escobar to second . Diaz struck out swinging . Jurrjens grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kotchman out at second , Escobar to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Fukudome walked . Fukudome caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . Lee popped out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Wells pitching for Cubs . McLouth homered to right . Prado popped out to shortstop . Jones flied out to center . McCann lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Bradley grounded out to first . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Soriano popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Escobar flied out to left . Kotchman singled to left . Diaz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kotchman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Jurrjens pitching for Braves . Soto grounded out to shortstop . Fontenot struck out swinging . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Blanco hit for Jurrjens . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Francoeur hit for Blanco . Francoeur reached on infield single to shortstop . Blanco hit for Jurrjens . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Francoeur hit for Blanco . Francoeur reached on infield single to shortstop . McLouth bunt popped out to first . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Francoeur out at second . Jones walked , Prado to second . McCann grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Moylan pitching for Braves . Fukudome grounded out to shortstop . Theriot struck out swinging . Lee doubled to deep center . Bradley intentionally walked . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bradley out at second , Lee to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Anderson struck out swinging . Escobar walked . Kotchman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Acosta pitching for Braves . Soriano popped out to second . Soto doubled to deep left center . Fontenot struck out looking . Hoffpauir hit for Marmol . Hoffpauir grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Gregg pitching for Cubs . Diaz struck out swinging . Conrad hit for Acosta . Conrad flied out to left . McLouth singled to right . Prado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 2 - Cubs 4 .	Wells ' gem helps Cubs stay on winning track