Padres - Top 1st . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Cabrera singled to left . Eckstein reached on infield single to shortstop , Cabrera to second . Cabrera to third , Eckstein to second on wild pitch by Kawakami . Gonzalez walked . Headley flied out to right . Venable flied out to left . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Prado singled to right . Jones walked , Prado to second . McCann homered to right , Prado and Jones scored . Anderson singled to right center . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Anderson out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Hundley flied out to left . Gwynn singled to center . Stauffer struck out swinging . Cabrera walked , Gwynn to second . Eckstein grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Stauffer pitching for Padres . LaRoche grounded out to first . Church flied out to center . Kawakami struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Gonzalez flied out to left . Headley flied out to center . Venable grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Diaz singled to center . Prado grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Diaz out at second . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Kouzmanoff grounded out to catcher . Hundley struck out swinging . Gwynn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . McCann grounded out to first . Anderson singled to center . Escobar walked , Anderson to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . Church flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Stauffer struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to first . Eckstein flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Kawakami grounded out to shortstop . Diaz singled to center . Diaz caught stealing second , catcher to second . Prado walked . Jones lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Gonzalez doubled to deep center . Headley singled to center , Gonzalez to third . Venable doubled to deep right center , Gonzalez scored , Headley to third . Kouzmanoff grounded out to second , Headley scored , Venable to third . Hundley doubled to deep center , Venable scored . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Gwynn singled to right , Hundley to third , Gwynn to second advancing on throw . Rodriguez hit for Stauffer . Rodriguez singled to center , Hundley scored , Gwynn scored , Rodriguez to second on error by catcher McCann . Cabrera grounded out to first , Rodriguez to third . Eckstein walked . Gonzalez singled to left , Rodriguez scored , Eckstein to second . Moylan pitching for Braves . Headley grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 6th . Russell pitching for Padres . McCann struck out swinging . Anderson flied out to left . Escobar singled to right . LaRoche reached on infield single to second , Escobar to second . Church singled to deep center , Escobar scored , LaRoche to third . Norton hit for Moylan . Norton flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Acosta pitching for Braves . Venable singled to center . Kouzmanoff homered to center , Venable scored . Hundley flied out to right . Gwynn struck out swinging . Russell grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Russell pitching for Padres . Diaz walked . Prado struck out swinging . Jones flied out to center . Thatcher pitching for Padres . McCann singled to center , Diaz to second . Anderson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Acosta pitching for Braves . Cabrera walked . Cabrera stole second . Eckstein singled to shallow right , Cabrera scored . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Headley singled to left , Eckstein to second . Venable struck out swinging . Kouzmanoff hit by pitch , Eckstein to third , Headley to second . Hundley flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . LaRoche popped out to shortstop . Church popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Logan pitching for Braves . Gwynn struck out swinging . Salazar hit for Thatcher . Salazar singled to left . Cabrera doubled to right , Salazar to third . Eckstein singled to right , Salazar scored , Cabrera to third . Gonzalez singled to left , Cabrera scored , Eckstein to second . Headley safe at first on error by second baseman Prado , Eckstein to third , Gonzalez to second . Venable struck out swinging . Eckstein scored , Gonzalez to third , Headley to second on passed ball by McCann . Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gonzalez out at home . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 9th . Webb pitching for Padres . Infante hit for Logan . Infante singled to center . Diaz struck out swinging . Infante to second on passed ball by Hundley . Prado walked . Jones grounded out to first , Infante to third , Prado to second . McCann singled to center , Infante scored , Prado to third . Anderson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 12 - Braves 5 .	Six - run sixth inning pads Padres ' win vs. Braves