Cardinals - Top 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Furcal struck out swinging. Carpenter walked. Holliday grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Carpenter out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Presley inside-the-park home run to deep center (401 feet). Komatsu in center field. Tabata singled to right. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tabata out at second. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McCutchen out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Beltran safe at first on error by pitcher Morton. Freese struck out looking. Molina doubled to left, Beltran scored, Molina to third on throwing error by shortstop Barmes. Komatsu grounded out to pitcher. Descalso struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Jones flied out to center. Barajas flied out to right. Alvarez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Lynn struck out swinging. Furcal walked. Carpenter struck out swinging. Holliday safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Barmes, Furcal to third. Beltran lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Barmes grounded out to third. Morton struck out swinging. Presley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Freese singled to right. Molina struck out swinging. Komatsu grounded out to pitcher, Freese to second. Descalso grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Tabata singled to left. McCutchen flied out to right. Tabata caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Walker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Lynn singled to right. Furcal grounded out to third, Lynn to second. Carpenter walked. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Carpenter out at second, Lynn to third. Beltran singled to right, Lynn scored, Holliday to second. Freese flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Jones singled to right. Barajas grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jones out at second. Alvarez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Meek pitching for Pirates. Molina flied out to right. Komatsu lined out to left. Descalso popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Barmes struck out swinging. Navarro hit for Meek. Navarro grounded out to third. Presley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Lynn grounded out to third. Furcal flied out to left. Carpenter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Tabata grounded out to second. McCutchen flied out to left. Walker walked. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Holliday reached on infield single to third. Beltran singled to left, Holliday to second. Freese grounded into double play, third to second to first, Beltran out at second, Holliday to third. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Barajas grounded out to pitcher. Alvarez struck out swinging. Barmes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Komatsu lined out to center. Descalso homered to right (381 feet). Robinson hit for Boggs. Robinson safe at first on error by second baseman Walker. Furcal doubled to deep left, Robinson scored. Carpenter flied out to center, Furcal to third. Holliday grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. McGehee hit for Hughes. McGehee walked. Presley flied out to center. Tabata grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McGehee out at second. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tabata out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Pirates 1.	Lynn pitches 7 strong as Cards top Pirates   \n\n