Pirates - Top 1st. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Presley grounded out to third. McLouth popped out to shortstop. Tabata grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Furcal singled to right. Jay singled to right, Furcal to second. Holliday singled to left, Furcal scored, Jay to second. Beltran homered to right (419 feet), Jay and Holliday scored. Freese safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez. Molina singled to center, Freese to second. Carpenter struck out looking. Descalso struck out swinging. Lynn grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 2nd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Walker struck out looking. Alvarez reached on infield single to third. Jones flied out to left. Barmes doubled to center, Alvarez scored. Barajas lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Furcal singled to right center. Furcal stole second. Jay hit by pitch. Holliday singled to left, Furcal scored, Jay to second. McKenry catching. Beltran singled to right center, Jay scored, Holliday to third. Freese grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Holliday scored, Beltran out at second. Molina lined out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Burnett struck out swinging. Presley grounded out to second. McLouth grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Carpenter singled to center. Descalso tripled to deep right center, Carpenter scored. Lynn grounded out to pitcher. Furcal hit sacrifice fly to center, Descalso scored. Jay reached on infield single to shortstop. Holliday walked, Jay to second. Beltran homered to center (404 feet), Jay and Holliday scored. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Freese walked. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freese out at second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Tabata struck out swinging. Walker grounded out to second. Alvarez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Carpenter tripled to right. Descalso struck out swinging. Lynn struck out looking. Furcal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Jones grounded out to third. Barmes grounded out to third. McKenry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Jay singled to center. Robinson hit for Holliday. Robinson flied out to right. Beltran singled to right, Jay to second. Cruz hit for Freese. Cruz lined out to first, Beltran out at first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Robinson in left field. Cruz catching. Molina at first base. Carpenter at third base. Navarro hit for Lincoln. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Navarro struck out swinging. Presley flied out to left. McLouth grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Resop pitching for Pirates. Navarro at shortstop. Molina flied out to center. Carpenter struck out swinging. Descalso flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Greene at shortstop. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Tabata grounded out to third. Walker struck out swinging. Alvarez walked. Jones singled to center, Alvarez to third. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Harrison hit for Resop. Harrison singled to left, Alvarez scored, Jones to second. McKenry grounded into fielder's choice to second, Harrison out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Cruz pitching for Pirates. Harrison at second base. Schumaker hit for Rzepczynski. Schumaker walked. Greene singled to right, Schumaker to second. Jay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Greene out at second, Schumaker to third. Robinson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Navarro reached on infield single to third, Navarro to second on throwing error by third baseman Carpenter. Presley grounded out to second, Navarro to third. McLouth struck out swinging. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. McGehee at first base. Grilli pitching for Pirates. Jones in right field. Beltran grounded out to first. Cruz popped out to third. Molina walked. Carpenter singled to left, Molina to second. Descalso walked, Molina to third, Carpenter to second. McClellan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. McGehee flied out to center. Alvarez singled to left. Jones walked, Alvarez to second. Harrison singled to center, Alvarez scored, Jones to second. McKenry grounded out to first, Jones to third, Harrison to second. Navarro grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 3 - Cardinals 12.	Beltran's 7 RBIs pace Cardinals' rout of Pirates