Pirates - Top 1st. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Presley grounded out to shortstop. Tabata struck out swinging. McCutchen safe at first on error by shortstop Rollins. Jones walked, McCutchen to second. Walker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Rollins doubled to right. Pierre sacrificed to pitcher, Rollins to third. Pence singled to right, Rollins scored. Ruiz singled to right, Pence to second, Pence to third, Ruiz to second on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez.H Pence scored, Ruiz to third on throwing error by right fielder Tabata. Victorino singled to center, Ruiz scored. Polanco singled to right, Victorino to third, Victorino scored, Polanco to second on throwing error by right fielder Tabata. Wigginton struck out swinging. Fontenot struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 3 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Alvarez singled to center. McKenry hit for Barajas. McKenry singled to left, Alvarez to second. Barmes grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McKenry out at second, Alvarez to third. Karstens struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. McKenry catching. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Blanton struck out looking. Rollins grounded out to first. Pierre grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Presley struck out looking. Tabata homered to right. (391 feet). McCutchen struck out swinging. Jones flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Ruiz singled to center. Ruiz stole second. Victorino grounded out to second, Ruiz to third. Polanco singled to center, Ruiz scored. Wigginton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Polanco out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Walker doubled to left. Alvarez struck out swinging. McKenry struck out looking. Barmes singled to right, Walker scored, Barmes to second advancing on throw. Karstens struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Fontenot singled to right. Blanton bunt popped out to third. Fontenot to second on wild pitch by Karstens. Rollins homered to right (385 feet), Fontenot scored. Pierre flied out to center. Pence reached on infield single to third. Ruiz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Presley flied out to right. Tabata safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Polanco. McCutchen singled to center, Tabata scored. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, McCutchen out at second. Walker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Victorino grounded out to shortstop. Polanco flied out to center. Wigginton safe at first on error by shortstop Barmes. Fontenot singled to left center, Wigginton to third. Blanton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 6th. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Alvarez singled to center. McKenry flied out to left. Barmes popped out to shortstop. Hague hit for Karstens. Hague flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Slaten pitching for Pirates. Rollins grounded out to third. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Pence grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Presley grounded out to second. Tabata lined out to right. McCutchen grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Slaten pitching for Pirates. Ruiz singled to center. Victorino walked, Ruiz to second. Polanco walked, Ruiz to third, Victorino to second. Wigginton walked, Ruiz scored, Victorino to third, Polanco to second. Fontenot struck out swinging. Luna hit for Blanton. Luna struck out swinging. Rollins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Mayberry Jr. in left field. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Martinez at second base. Jones walked. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Mayberry Jr. struck out swinging. Pence grounded out to third. Ruiz lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Qualls pitching for Phillies. McKenry singled to left. Barmes grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McKenry out at second. McGehee hit for Hughes. McGehee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 3 - Phillies 8.	Blanton, Rollins spark Phillies past Pirates