Astros - Top 1st. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Altuve walked. Lowrie grounded out to first, Altuve to second. Lee flied out to right. Bogusevic walked. Martinez singled to right, Altuve scored, Bogusevic to third. Castro walked, Martinez to second. Moore grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Lyles pitching for Astros. Presley grounded out to second. Sutton safe at first on error by pitcher Lyles. McCutchen flied out to center. Jones fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 2nd. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Schafer flied out to center. Lyles struck out looking. Altuve grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Walker struck out swinging. McGehee struck out looking. Barmes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Lowrie struck out looking. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Bogusevic struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Lyles pitching for Astros. McKenry struck out swinging. McDonald struck out swinging. Presley tripled to deep right. Sutton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Martinez doubled to deep right center. Castro flied out to right. Moore grounded out to third. Schafer intentionally walked. Lyles walked, Martinez to third, Schafer to second. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lyles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Lyles pitching for Astros. McCutchen singled to right. Jones homered to right (400 feet), McCutchen scored. Walker homered to right (345 feet). McGehee doubled to deep right. Barmes singled to center, McGehee scored. McKenry struck out looking. McDonald sacrificed to first, Barmes to second. Presley struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Lowrie fouled out to shortstop. Lee singled to left. Bogusevic grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Lee safe at third on throwing error by pitcher McDonald. Martinez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bogusevic out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Sutton tripled to deep center. McCutchen doubled to left, Sutton scored. Jones doubled to deep center, McCutchen scored. Cruz pitching for Astros. Walker walked. Jones to third, Walker to second on wild pitch by Cruz. McGehee doubled to deep right, Jones and Walker scored. Barmes grounded into double play, third to first to third, McGehee out at third. McKenry struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Castro lined out to shortstop. Moore homered to right (420 feet). Schafer lined out to right. Bixler hit for Cruz. Bixler flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Abad pitching for Astros. McDonald grounded out to third. Presley singled to shallow right. Sutton singled to center, Presley to second. McCutchen singled to right, Presley to third, Sutton to second. Jones reached on infield single to third, Presley scored, Sutton to third, McCutchen to second. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Altuve lined out to second. Lowrie struck out swinging. Lee grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Carpenter pitching for Astros. McGehee singled to right center. Barmes flied out to center. McKenry hit by pitch, McGehee to second. Harrison hit for McDonald. Harrison grounded into double play, second to first, McKenry out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Bogusevic hit by pitch. Martinez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bogusevic out at second. Castro singled to center. Moore flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Presley flied out to center. Sutton struck out swinging. McCutchen singled to center. Jones singled to right center, McCutchen to second. Walker doubled to deep right, McCutchen and Jones scored. McGehee flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Schafer grounded out to pitcher. Downs hit for Rodriguez. Downs grounded out to shortstop. Altuve struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 2 - Pirates 11.	Back-to-back HRs by Jones, Walker lift Pirates