Pirates - Top 1st. Germano pitching for Cubs. Marte struck out swinging. Presley bunt grounded out to catcher. McCutchen fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Bedard pitching for Pirates. Johnson struck out swinging, Johnson safe at first on wild pitch by Bedard. Castro doubled to deep left, Johnson scored. Rizzo popped out to third. Soriano flied out to center. Baker struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Germano pitching for Cubs. Jones flied out to left. Walker flied out to right. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Bedard pitching for Pirates. Soto struck out looking. Barney struck out swinging. Mather flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Germano pitching for Cubs. McKenry struck out swinging. Barmes singled to center. Bedard sacrificed to third, Barmes to second. Marte singled to left, Barmes scored. Presley flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Bedard pitching for Pirates. Germano struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to third. Castro walked. Rizzo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Germano pitching for Cubs. McCutchen walked. Jones reached on infield single to third, McCutchen to second. Walker grounded out to shortstop, McCutchen to third, Jones to second. Alvarez walked. McKenry grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCutchen scored, Alvarez out at second, Jones to third. Barmes popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Bedard pitching for Pirates. Soriano flied out to center. Baker singled to center. Soto walked, Baker to second. Barney homered to left center (414 feet), Baker and Soto scored. Mather grounded out to shortstop. Germano struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Germano pitching for Cubs. Bedard flied out to center. Marte reached on bunt single to third. Presley flied into double play, center to shortstop to first, Marte doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Bedard pitching for Pirates. Johnson safe at first on error by third baseman Alvarez. Castro singled to center, Johnson to second. Rizzo homered to right center (412 feet), Johnson and Castro scored. Soriano singled to left. Baker struck out swinging. Soto singled to center, Soriano to second. Resop pitching for Pirates. Barney singled to right, Soriano scored, Soto to third. Mather singled to left, Soto scored, Barney to second. Germano sacrificed to catcher, Barney to third, Mather to second. DeJesus hit for Johnson. DeJesus reached on infield single to first, Barney and Mather scored. Castro homered to center (420 feet), DeJesus scored. Rizzo grounded out to pitcher. 9 Runs, 8 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 6th. DeJesus in center field. Beliveau pitching for Cubs. McCutchen reached on infield single to shortstop. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCutchen out at second. Walker reached on infield single to shortstop, Jones to second. Jones to third, Walker to second on wild pitch by Beliveau. Alvarez walked. McKenry singled to center, Jones scored, Walker to third, Alvarez to second. Barmes walked, Walker scored, Alvarez to third, McKenry to second. McGehee hit for Resop. Corpas pitching for Cubs. McGehee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Barmes out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Soriano struck out swinging. Baker flied out to center. Clevenger hit for Soto. Clevenger grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Clevenger catching. Corpas pitching for Cubs. Marte singled to left. Presley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Marte out at second. Presley caught stealing second, catcher to second. McCutchen flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Harrison at second base. Watson pitching for Pirates. Barney tripled to deep right center. Mather doubled to deep left center, Barney scored. Corpas struck out looking. DeJesus flied out to right, Mather to third. Castro struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Campana in left field. Corpas pitching for Cubs. Jones popped out to shortstop. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. Alvarez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Harrison at third base. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Sutton at second base. Rizzo walked. Campana grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rizzo out at second. Baker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Campana out at second. Clevenger singled to left, Baker to second. Barney struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Maine pitching for Cubs. McKenry flied out to right. Barmes popped out to first. Sutton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Cubs 14.	Nine-run 5th inning fuels Cubs' rout of Pirates