Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Bedard pitching for Pirates. Bloomquist flied out to center. Hill flied out to left. Kubel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte struck out swinging. Harrison grounded out to third. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Bedard pitching for Pirates. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center. Upton grounded out to first, Goldschmidt to third. Montero struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez fouled out to first. Walker flied out to center. Jones grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Bedard pitching for Pirates. Young flied out to right. Miley struck out swinging. Bloomquist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Barajas grounded out to shortstop. Barmes fouled out to first. Bedard singled to left. Marte singled to center, Bedard to second. Harrison grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Bedard pitching for Pirates. Hill grounded out to first. Kubel grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. McCutchen singled to center, McCutchen to second on error by center fielder Young.A McCutchen to third on error by center fielder Young. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop, McCutchen scored. Walker flied out to right. Jones grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Bedard pitching for Pirates. Upton popped out to second. Montero lined out to left. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Barajas singled to left. Barmes doubled to deep left center, Barajas to third. Bedard grounded out to shortstop. Marte walked. Harrison grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Marte out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Bedard pitching for Pirates. Young grounded out to shortstop. Miley struck out looking. Bloomquist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. McCutchen fouled out to first. Sanchez singled to center. Walker struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Bedard pitching for Pirates. Hill flied out to left. Kubel struck out swinging. Goldschmidt singled to left, Goldschmidt out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Albers pitching for Diamondbacks. Barajas safe at first on error by third baseman Johnson. Barmes sacrificed to pitcher, Barajas to second. Presley hit for Bedard. Presley walked. Marte grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Presley out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Grilli pitching for Pirates. Snider in right field. Upton grounded out to third. Montero struck out swinging. Johnson lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison struck out swinging. McCutchen singled to center. Sanchez singled to right, McCutchen to third. Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker reached on infield single to shortstop, McCutchen scored, Sanchez to second. Snider singled to right, Sanchez scored, Walker to third. Barajas hit sacrifice fly to center, Walker scored. Barmes flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Qualls pitching for Pirates. Young lined out to third. Parra hit for Zagurski. Parra grounded out to second. Bloomquist struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 0 - Pirates 4.	Bedard shines as Pirates blank Diamondbacks