Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Correia pitching for Pirates. Drew doubled to deep right. Bloomquist reached on bunt single to third, Drew to third. Johnson singled to right, Drew scored, Bloomquist to third. Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to right, Bloomquist scored. Upton flied out to center. Montero grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte struck out swinging. Snider struck out swinging. McCutchen singled to center. Jones singled to right, McCutchen to third. Walker homered to right (352 feet), McCutchen and Jones scored. Alvarez grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Correia pitching for Pirates. Young popped out to second. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Barajas flied out to right. Mercer flied out to right. Correia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Correia pitching for Pirates. Drew grounded out to pitcher. Bloomquist popped out to shortstop. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte homered to center (409 feet). Snider singled to right. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Snider out at second. Jones walked, McCutchen to second. Walker popped out to third. Alvarez walked, McCutchen to third, Jones to second. Barajas struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Correia pitching for Pirates. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to catcher. Upton flied into double play, right to second to first, Goldschmidt doubled off first. Montero walked. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer flied out to center. Correia popped out to pitcher. Marte bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Correia pitching for Pirates. Parra walked. Kennedy sacrificed to pitcher, Parra to second. Drew walked. Bloomquist doubled to center, Parra scored, Drew to third. Johnson struck out swinging. Goldschmidt safe at first on error by third baseman Alvarez, Drew scored, Bloomquist to third. Upton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Snider singled to center. McCutchen safe at first on error by second baseman Bloomquist, Snider to second. Jones singled to center, Snider to third, McCutchen to second. Walker doubled to deep center, Snider and McCutchen scored, Jones to third. Albers pitching for Diamondbacks. Alvarez struck out swinging. Jones out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Barajas struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Correia pitching for Pirates. Montero struck out swinging. Young singled to center. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to second, Young out at second. Wheeler hit for Albers. Wheeler grounded into fielder's choice to second, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer homered to left (387 feet). Correia struck out looking. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Snider struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Resop pitching for Pirates. Drew walked. Bloomquist safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez, Drew to third. Johnson struck out swinging. Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to center, Drew scored. Upton safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Mercer, Bloomquist to second. Watson pitching for Pirates. Montero safe at first on error by first baseman Jones, Bloomquist to third, Upton to second. Young struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 3 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Kubel in left field. Parra in center field. Kubel in left field. Parra in center field. Bloomquist in right field. Hill at second base. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. McCutchen struck out looking. Jones grounded out to second. Walker grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Qualls pitching for Pirates. Sanchez at first base. Parra reached on infield single to first. Qualls pitching for Pirates. Sanchez at first base. Parra reached on infield single to first. McDonald hit for Collmenter. McDonald grounded out to shortstop, Parra to second. Drew grounded out to second, Parra to third. Bloomquist singled to right, Parra scored. Johnson popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Alvarez grounded out to second. Barajas lined out to second. Mercer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Barmes at shortstop. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Kubel struck out swinging. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Pirates 7.	Walker drives in 5 to get Pirates past D-backs