Cardinals - Top 1st. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Jay safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez. Carpenter flied out to center. Jay caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Holliday singled to shallow right. Craig grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. Snider grounded out to second. McCutchen lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Beltran lined out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to pitcher. Schumaker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Jones flied out to left. Alvarez struck out looking. Harrison flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Furcal grounded out to first. Lohse struck out swinging. Jay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Barajas popped out to second. Barmes struck out looking. Burnett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Carpenter walked. Holliday flied out to center. Craig grounded out to third, Carpenter to second. Beltran struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Tabata singled to right. Snider singled to right, Tabata to third. McCutchen singled to shallow center, Tabata scored, Snider to second. Jones lined out to center. Alvarez singled to right, Snider to third, McCutchen to second. Harrison hit sacrifice fly to left, Snider scored. Barajas flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Molina singled to right. Schumaker doubled to deep center, Molina scored. Schumaker to third on wild pitch by Burnett. Furcal struck out swinging. Lohse singled to center, Schumaker scored. Jay flied out to center. Carpenter doubled to deep center, Lohse thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Barmes singled to right center. Burnett bunt popped out to third, Barmes to second on throwing error by third baseman Carpenter. Tabata lined out to right. Snider grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Holliday homered to right (379 feet). Craig reached on infield single to shortstop, Craig to second on throwing error by shortstop Barmes. Beltran grounded out to shortstop, Craig to third. Molina hit sacrifice fly to right, Craig scored. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Schumaker singled to right. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at second base. McCutchen flied out to center. Jones flied out to center. Alvarez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Descalso struck out swinging. Jay tripled to deep left center. Carpenter grounded out to first. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Harrison reached on infield single to shortstop, Harrison to second on throwing error by shortstop Furcal. Barajas fouled out to first. Barmes doubled to right, Harrison scored. Clement hit for Hughes. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Clement flied out to left. Tabata grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 8th. Grilli pitching for Pirates. Craig doubled to deep left. Beltran fouled out to catcher. Molina flied out to center, Craig to third. Freese hit for Salas. Freese struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Snider struck out swinging. McCutchen singled to left. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCutchen out at second. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Alvarez reached on infield single to shortstop, Jones to second. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Alvarez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. Descalso grounded out to pitcher. Jay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Barajas flied out to left. Sanchez hit for Barmes. Sanchez lined out to right. McKenry hit for Watson. McKenry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Pirates 3.	Holliday backs Lohse as Cards clip Pirates \n\n