Pirates - Top 1st. Lyles pitching for Astros. Presley lined out to pitcher. Harrison struck out swinging. McCutchen singled to center. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Altuve lined out to right. Moore doubled to left. Wallace struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Alvarez struck out swinging. Snider struck out looking. Barmes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Dominguez struck out looking. Greene lined out to center. Snyder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Barajas safe at first on error by shortstop Greene. Burnett sacrificed to first, Barajas to second. Presley flied out to left. Harrison reached on infield single to third, Barajas to third. McCutchen lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Barnes struck out looking. Lyles grounded out to pitcher. Altuve walked. Moore reached on infield single to second, Altuve tagged out at home, Altuve to third advancing on play. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Jones singled to center. Alvarez struck out swinging. Snider flied out to left. Barmes singled to center, Jones to second. Barajas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones to third, Barmes to second. Burnett grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Wallace struck out looking. Martinez struck out swinging. Dominguez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Presley singled to right. Harrison singled to left, Presley to third. McCutchen walked, Harrison to second. Wright pitching for Astros. Sanchez hit for Jones. Sanchez hit by pitch, Presley scored, Harrison to third, McCutchen to second. Alvarez struck out looking. Tabata hit for Snider. Storey pitching for Astros. Tabata walked, Harrison scored, McCutchen to third, Sanchez to second. Barmes singled to left, McCutchen scored, Sanchez to third, Tabata to second. Barajas singled to left, Sanchez scored, Tabata to third, Barmes to second. Burnett struck out swinging. Presley grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Sanchez at first base. Tabata in right field. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Greene grounded out to shortstop. Snyder struck out looking. Barnes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Storey pitching for Astros. Harrison singled to center. McCutchen doubled to deep left center, Harrison scored. Fick pitching for Astros. Bogusevic in center field. Sanchez grounded out to first, McCutchen to third. Alvarez intentionally walked. Tabata struck out looking. Barmes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Bogusevic flied out to center. Paredes hit for Altuve. Paredes struck out swinging. Moore homered to right center (439 feet). Wallace struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Paredes in right field. Moore at second base. Fick pitching for Astros. Barajas grounded out to third. Burnett grounded out to second. Presley tripled to deep center. Harrison flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Dominguez grounded out to shortstop. Greene grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Del Rosario pitching for Astros. McCutchen struck out looking. Sanchez doubled to left. Alvarez singled to left, Sanchez scored, Alvarez to second advancing on throw. Tabata singled to center, Alvarez scored. Barmes popped out to second. Barajas singled to center, Tabata to third. Burnett singled to right, Tabata scored, Barajas to second. Cruz pitching for Astros. Laird at third base. Presley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Burnett out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Snyder struck out looking. Laird singled to left. Bogusevic hit by pitch, Laird to second. Paredes struck out swinging. Moore flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Cruz pitching for Astros. Harrison singled to left. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harrison out at second. Sanchez singled to left, McCutchen to second. Alvarez struck out looking. Tabata grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCutchen out at third, Sanchez to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Qualls pitching for Pirates. Marte in center field. Wallace struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to first. Gonzalez hit for Cruz. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 8 - Astros 1.	Pirates punish Astros to snap five-game skid