Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Elarton pitching for Rockies. Finley singled to center. Alomar bunt popped out to pitcher. Gonzalez popped out to first. Sexson homered to center, Finley scored. Cintron struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles grounded out to third. Clayton hit by pitch. Helton doubled to deep right, Clayton scored. Castilla struck out swinging. Burnitz tripled to right, Helton scored. Greene flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Elarton pitching for Rockies. Hillenbrand lined out to shortstop. Bautista struck out swinging. Mayne flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez flied out to right. Reyes singled to center. Elarton sacrificed to pitcher, Reyes to second. Miles struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Elarton pitching for Rockies. Daigle doubled to deep right center. Finley walked. Alomar reached on bunt single to third, Daigle to third, Finley to second. Gonzalez singled to right, Daigle scored, Finley to third, Alomar to second. Sexson walked, Finley scored, Alomar to third, Gonzalez to second. Cintron struck out swinging. Hillenbrand hit sacrifice fly to center, Alomar scored, Gonzalez to third. Gonzalez scored, Sexson to second on wild pitch by Elarton. Bautista singled to center, Sexson scored. Mayne flied out to center. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Clayton singled to right. Helton walked, Clayton to second. Castilla popped out to shortstop. Burnitz doubled to deep center, Clayton and Helton scored. Greene lined out to center. Gonzalez singled to left, Burnitz scored. Reyes struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Elarton pitching for Rockies. Daigle grounded out to second. Finley grounded out to pitcher. Alomar popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Elarton grounded out to shortstop. Miles struck out looking. Clayton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Elarton pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez walked. Sexson flied out to left. Cintron flied out to left. Hillenbrand homered to right, Gonzalez scored. Fassero pitching for Rockies. Bautista walked. Bautista stole second. Mayne struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton walked. Castilla walked, Helton to second. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Burnitz walked, Helton to third, Castilla to second. Greene grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Helton scored, Burnitz out at second, Castilla to third. Sadler hit for Koplove. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Fassero pitching for Rockies. Sadler doubled to left. Finley fouled out to left, Sadler to third. Alomar sacrificed to catcher, Sadler scored. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Hocking hit for Fassero. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Reyes flied out to center. Hocking flied out to right. Nunez pitching for Rockies. Hocking at second base. Miles lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Nunez pitching for Rockies. Sexson struck out looking. Cintron struck out swinging, Cintron safe at first on wild pitch by Nunez. Hillenbrand grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cintron out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Clayton walked. Clayton to second on wild pitch by Villarreal. Helton singled to center, Clayton scored. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Castilla popped out to first. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Kata at third base. Burnitz struck out swinging. Greene fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Nunez pitching for Rockies. Bautista tripled to deep left. Mayne hit sacrifice fly to center, Bautista scored. Kata flied out to center. Finley lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez singled to left. Reyes struck out swinging. Sweeney hit for Nunez. Hocking grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gonzalez safe at third on error by pitcher Valverde, Hocking safe at second on error by pitcher Valverde. Sweeney doubled to deep right, Gonzalez and Hocking scored. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton walked. Castilla singled to deep left, Sweeney scored, Helton to third. Burnitz intentionally walked. Sweeney in left field. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez at second base. Hocking in center field. Greene grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Alomar grounded out to second. Gonzalez walked. Sexson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Reyes struck out looking. Hocking struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 11 - Rockies 10.	Diamondbacks hold on to end skid at five