Dodgers - Top 1st. Roberts walked. Roberts stole second. Izturis lined out to right, Roberts to third. Bradley walked. Green lined out to third. Lo Duca singled to shallow right center, Roberts scored, Bradley to third. Encarnacion flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Miles singled to center. Hocking reached on bunt single to catcher, Miles to second. Helton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hocking out at second, Miles to third. Castilla grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Beltre homered to left. Cora fouled out to third. Nomo grounded out to pitcher. Roberts doubled to deep right. Izturis struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Burnitz flied out to left. Holliday struck out swinging. Sweeney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Bradley grounded out to shortstop. Green flied out to center. Lo Duca singled to center. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lo Duca out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Greene doubled to deep left. Elarton sacrificed to catcher, Greene to third. Miles reached on infield single to second, Greene scored. Hocking grounded out to third, Miles to second. Helton walked. Castilla struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Beltre grounded out to second. Cora grounded out to first. Nomo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Burnitz singled to right. Holliday singled to shallow right, Burnitz to second. Sweeney flied out to right, Burnitz to third. Greene fouled out to first. Holliday to second on wild pitch by Nomo. Elarton fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Roberts singled to center. Roberts stole second. Izturis grounded out to shortstop, Roberts to third. Bradley hit ground rule double to deep center, Roberts scored. Green grounded out to pitcher, Bradley to third. Lo Duca doubled to deep right, Bradley scored. Encarnacion walked. Beltre struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Miles grounded out to shortstop. Hocking walked. Helton grounded out to pitcher, Hocking to second. Castilla doubled to deep center, Hocking scored. Burnitz flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Cora singled to center. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Nomo sacrificed to first, Cora to second. Roberts singled to left, Cora to third. Izturis singled to right, Cora scored, Roberts to third. Bradley singled to center, Roberts scored, Izturis to third. Reed pitching for Rockies. Green walked, Bradley to second. Lo Duca hit sacrifice fly to right, Izturis scored, Bradley to third. Encarnacion singled to shallow right, Bradley scored, Green to second. Beltre singled to right, Green scored, Encarnacion to second. Cora flied out to right. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Holliday doubled to deep left. Sweeney grounded out to first, Holliday to third. Gonzalez hit for Reed. Greene hit sacrifice fly to center, Holliday scored. Gonzalez homered to left. Nunez pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez at second base. Grabowski hit for Nomo. Miles grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Grabowski struck out swinging. Roberts walked. Roberts stole second. Izturis walked. Dreifort pitching for Dodgers. Bradley lined out to left, Roberts out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Hocking grounded out to first. Helton grounded out to pitcher. Castilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Green walked. Lo Duca grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Green out at second. Encarnacion flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Burnitz struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to second. Sweeney walked. Sweeney to second on passed ball by Lo Duca. Greene walked. Wendell pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Chen hit for Dreifort. Cora walked. Martin pitching for Dodgers. Reyes hit for Wendell. Chen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cora out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Reyes doubled to center. Hocking struck out swinging. Helton grounded out to second, Reyes to third. Castilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 9 - Rockies 4.	L.A. hits high note with Lo Duca's 3 RBI