Marlins - Top 1st. Estes pitching for Rockies. Pierre safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Helton. Castillo singled to left, Pierre to second. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Pierre and Castillo scored. Lowell walked. Cabrera caught stealing third, pitcher to third. Cordero singled to center, Lowell to second. Conine singled to shallow right, Lowell scored, Cordero to third. Redmond grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Conine out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Oliver pitching for Marlins. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Estes pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez struck out looking. Oliver flied out to right. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Oliver pitching for Marlins. Castilla grounded out to third. Burnitz homered to left. Johnson struck out swinging. Holliday flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Estes pitching for Rockies. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera flied out to center. Lowell walked. Cordero struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Oliver pitching for Marlins. Pellow walked. Estes sacrificed to third, Pellow to second. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Clayton singled to center, Pellow scored. Helton homered to right center, Clayton scored. Castilla grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Conine doubled to right center. Redmond grounded out to second, Conine to third. Gonzalez doubled to left center, Conine scored. Oliver struck out swinging. Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop, Gonzalez to third. Castillo grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Oliver pitching for Marlins. Burnitz homered to center. Johnson homered to left. Holliday homered to left. Pellow struck out swinging. Estes singled to right. Gonzalez popped out to second. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Cabrera walked. Lowell singled to left center, Cabrera to second. Cordero singled to center, Cabrera scored, Lowell to second. Conine doubled to deep left, Lowell and Cordero scored. Wendell pitching for Rockies. Redmond walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Oliver singled to center, Conine tagged out at home, Redmond to third. Pierre walked, Oliver to second. Castillo singled to center, Redmond scored, Oliver tagged out at home, Pierre to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Oliver pitching for Marlins. Helton singled to center. Perisho pitching for Marlins. Castilla doubled to deep left, Helton to third. Burnitz grounded out to second, Helton scored, Castilla to third. Wayne pitching for Marlins. Johnson walked. Holliday struck out swinging. Burnitz in right field. Nunez pitching for Rockies. Reyes in center field. Pellow struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Nunez pitching for Rockies. Cabrera struck out swinging. Lowell flied out to center. Cordero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Wayne pitching for Marlins. Reyes flied out to center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Clayton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Nunez pitching for Rockies. Conine flied out to right. Redmond popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Wayne pitching for Marlins. Helton walked. Castilla grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Helton out at second. Nunez hit for Wayne. Burnitz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Nunez pitching for Rockies. Nunez struck out looking. Pierre singled to shallow right. Castillo grounded out to second, Pierre to second. Cabrera homered to left, Pierre scored. Fox pitching for Marlins. Lowell flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Fox pitching for Marlins. Johnson doubled to deep center. Johnson to third on wild pitch by Fox. Sweeney hit for Nunez. Holliday hit by pitch. Bump pitching for Marlins. Sweeney walked, Holliday to second. Miles hit for Gonzalez. Reyes struck out swinging. Miles struck out swinging. Clayton singled to center, Johnson and Holliday scored, Sweeney to third. Helton intentionally walked, Clayton to second. Castilla doubled to deep center, Sweeney, Clayton and Helton scored. Miles at second base. Hocking in left field. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Burnitz struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Cordero grounded out to shortstop. Conine singled to left. Redmond grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Conine out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 10 - Rockies 13.	Rockies singe Marlins with Burnitz