Giants - Top 1st. Estes pitching for Rockies. Tucker hit by pitch. Perez doubled to deep left, Tucker scored. Feliz struck out swinging. Alfonzo doubled to deep center, Perez scored. Mohr grounded out to second. Linden walked. Torrealba homered to left, Alfonzo and Linden scored. Ransom doubled to center. Tomko flied out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Tomko pitching for Giants. Miles doubled to deep left. Gonzalez flied out to right, Miles to third. Helton singled to center, Miles scored. Castilla grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Helton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Estes pitching for Rockies. Tucker walked. Perez singled to left, Tucker to second. Feliz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Perez out at second, Tucker to third. Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Tomko pitching for Giants. Burnitz doubled to deep right. Johnson struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to third. Pellow flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Estes pitching for Rockies. Mohr grounded out to third. Linden walked. Linden to second on balk by Estes. Torrealba fouled out to catcher. Ransom walked. Tomko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Tomko pitching for Giants. Estes flied out to center. Miles doubled to deep right center. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop, Miles to third. Helton walked. Castilla doubled to deep right, Miles and Helton scored. Burnitz homered to right center, Castilla scored. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Tucker walked. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tucker out at second. Feliz safe at first on error by second baseman Miles, Perez to second. Perez caught stealing third, catcher to third. Alfonzo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Feliz out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Tomko pitching for Giants. Holliday flied out to center. Pellow struck out swinging. Estes lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Mohr walked. Linden struck out swinging. Torrealba singled to right, Mohr tagged out at third. Ransom flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Tomko pitching for Giants. Miles singled to right. Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher, Miles to second. Helton intentionally walked. Cruz hit for Tomko. Castilla grounded into double play, third to second to first, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Cruz safe at first on error by third baseman Castilla. Tucker singled to right, Cruz to second. Perez sacrificed to third, Cruz to third, Tucker to second. Harikkala pitching for Rockies. Feliz struck out looking. Brower pitching for Giants. Alfonzo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Brower pitching for Giants. Burnitz walked. Johnson sacrificed to third, Burnitz to second. Holliday struck out swinging. Sweeney hit for Harikkala. Pellow hit by pitch. Reed pitching for Rockies. Sweeney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Reed pitching for Rockies. Mohr singled to right. Linden grounded out to shortstop, Mohr to second. Minor hit for Ransom. Torrealba struck out swinging. Bonds hit for Brower. Minor singled to right, Mohr scored. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Bonds intentionally walked, Minor to second. Feliz at shortstop. Minor at first base. Eyre pitching for Giants. Tucker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Eyre pitching for Giants. Miles walked. Gonzalez bunt popped out to pitcher. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Helton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Miles out at second, Helton to first, Helton to second on throwing error by second baseman Perez. Helton to third on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Castilla popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 8th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Perez struck out swinging. Feliz homered to right center. Kroon pitching for Rockies. Alfonzo singled to right. Mohr walked, Alfonzo to second. Linden walked, Alfonzo to third, Mohr to second. Torrealba grounded into double play, third to first, Mohr out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Burnitz flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to third. Holliday grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Pierzynski hit for Rodriguez. Kroon pitching for Rockies. Minor struck out swinging. Pierzynski singled to right center. Tucker walked, Pierzynski to second. Perez singled to center, Pierzynski scored, Tucker to second. Tucker out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Feliz homered to right center, Perez scored. Simpson pitching for Rockies. Alfonzo doubled to deep left. Herges pitching for Giants. Mohr grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Hocking hit for Simpson. Herges pitching for Giants. Pellow struck out looking. Hocking grounded out to first. Miles popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 10 - Rockies 5.	Feliz (2 HR), Giants scale Rockies, win series