Red Sox - Top 1st. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Damon lined out to shortstop. Bellhorn grounded out to first. Ortiz doubled to deep right. Ramirez walked. Garciaparra flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Miles popped out to second. Clayton singled to left. Helton singled to left, Clayton to second. Castilla flied out to right. Burnitz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Nixon flied out to center. Varitek struck out looking. Youkilis homered to left. Schilling struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Holliday struck out looking. Johnson singled to center, Johnson to second on error by center fielder Damon. Pellow walked. Jennings singled to right, Johnson scored, Pellow to second. Miles singled to shallow left, Pellow to third, Jennings to second. Clayton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pellow scored, Miles out at second, Jennings to third. Helton struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Damon walked. Bellhorn struck out looking. Ortiz grounded out to first, Damon to third. Ramirez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Castilla lined out to shortstop. Burnitz grounded out to pitcher. Holliday walked. Johnson hit by pitch, Holliday to second. Pellow struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Garciaparra flied out to center. Nixon homered to right. Varitek flied out to left. Youkilis singled to shallow left center. Schilling singled to shallow right, Youkilis to second. Damon singled to center, Youkilis scored, Schilling to second. Bellhorn walked, Schilling to third, Damon to second. Ortiz popped out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Jennings struck out swinging. Miles lined out to shortstop. Clayton walked. Helton walked, Clayton to second. Castilla doubled to deep right center, Clayton and Helton scored. Burnitz grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Ramirez hit by pitch. Garciaparra lined out to left. Nixon walked, Ramirez to second. Varitek struck out swinging. Youkilis walked, Ramirez to third, Nixon to second. Schilling grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ramirez out at home. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Holliday flied out to right. Johnson struck out swinging. Pellow struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Damon popped out to second. Bellhorn grounded out to second. Ortiz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Jennings singled to right. Freeman ran for Jennings. Miles sacrificed to pitcher, Jennings to second. Clayton safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Garciaparra, Freeman to third. Helton doubled to deep left, Freeman scored, Clayton to third. Castilla grounded out to third, Clayton scored. Burnitz singled to right, Helton scored. Burnitz in right field. Reed pitching for Rockies. Freeman in center field. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to third, Burnitz out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 7th. Reed pitching for Rockies. Ramirez struck out swinging. Garciaparra singled to left. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Nixon grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Garciaparra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez hit for Reed. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Johnson singled to center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Freeman lined out to second. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Miles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Varitek homered to right. Millar hit for Timlin. Youkilis struck out looking. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Millar struck out swinging. Damon reached on infield single to pitcher. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Bellhorn struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Clayton struck out swinging. Helton flied out to left. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Castilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ramirez singled to shallow left center. Garciaparra singled to left, Ramirez to second. Nixon struck out swinging. Varitek singled to left, Ramirez scored, Garciaparra to second. Reese ran for Youkilis. McCarty hit for Foulke. Youkilis singled to left, Garciaparra scored, Varitek to third. Reese stole second. McCarty flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 6 - Rockies 7.	Jam session: Rockies escape trouble, top BoSox