Tigers - Top 1st. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Sanchez grounded out to first. Infante tripled to deep left center. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop, Infante scored. Young lined out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Miles homered to right. Clayton struck out swinging. Helton doubled to deep right. Walker singled to center, Helton scored. Wilson lined out to third. Walker stole second. Burnitz flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. White reached on infield single to shortstop. White picked off first. Guillen doubled to right. Monroe grounded out to third. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Johnson walked. Gonzalez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Johnson out at second. Kennedy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Bonderman grounded out to first. Sanchez reached on bunt single to catcher. Infante flied out to right. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Miles singled to right. Clayton sacrificed to pitcher, Miles to second. Helton singled to left, Miles scored. Walker struck out swinging. Helton stole second. Wilson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Young doubled to deep center. White grounded out to first, Young to third. Guillen struck out swinging. Monroe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Burnitz struck out swinging, Burnitz safe at first on wild pitch by Bonderman. Johnson struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to center, Burnitz to third, Gonzalez to second advancing on throw. Kennedy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Burnitz out at home, Gonzalez to third. Miles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Smith singled to left. Bonderman struck out swinging. Sanchez singled to center, Smith to third. Infante struck out looking. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Clayton singled to right. Helton flied out to left. Clayton to second on wild pitch by Bonderman. Walker intentionally walked. Wilson flied out to center. Burnitz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Clayton out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Young doubled to deep right center. White grounded out to first. Guillen singled to left, Young to third. Monroe doubled to deep left, Young and Guillen scored. Thames hit for Bonderman. Smith grounded out to pitcher, Monroe to third. Thames walked. Monroe scored, Thames to second on wild pitch by Kennedy, Thames safe at third on throwing error by catcher Johnson. Levine pitching for Tigers. Monroe in center field. Thames in right field. Sanchez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Levine pitching for Tigers. Johnson struck out swinging. Sweeney hit for Kennedy. Gonzalez doubled to right center. Sweeney hit by pitch. Harikkala pitching for Rockies. Miles grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sweeney out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Harikkala pitching for Rockies. Infante singled to left. Rodriguez flied out to right. Young singled to right, Infante to second. White popped out to second. Guillen doubled to deep left, Infante and Young scored. Monroe flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Colyer pitching for Tigers. Clayton grounded out to pitcher. Helton walked. Walker doubled to left center, Helton to third. German pitching for Tigers. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Helton out at home. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Burnitz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Smith reached on infield single to second. Thames walked, Smith to second. German struck out bunting foul. Bernero pitching for Rockies. Holliday in left field. Infante singled to right center, Smith scored, Thames to second. Rodriguez flied out to right. Young fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. German pitching for Tigers. Johnson walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Holliday doubled to deep center, Johnson scored. Miles flied out to left. Clayton grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Bernero pitching for Rockies. White struck out looking. Guillen walked. Monroe struck out looking. Guillen stole second, Guillen safe at third on throwing error by catcher Johnson. Urbina pitching for Tigers. Smith flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Urbina pitching for Tigers. Helton singled to center. Walker walked, Helton to second. Pellow hit for Bernero. Wilson struck out swinging. Pellow struck out looking. Johnson homered to right center, Helton and Walker scored. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 10th. Higginson hit for Urbina. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Thames homered to left. Higginson walked. Infante sacrificed to first, Higginson to second. Rodriguez flied out to right. Young intentionally walked. Walker pitching for Tigers. White grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 10th. Walker pitching for Tigers. Holliday doubled to deep left. Miles reached on bunt single to third, Holliday scored, Miles to second on throwing error by third baseman Smith. Clayton reached on bunt single to third, Miles scored on throwing error by third baseman Smith. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Final score: Tigers 8 - Rockies 9.	Rockies rally in 9th, 10th to end losing streak