Giants - Top 1st. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Durham struck out looking. Tucker walked. Snow grounded into fielder's choice to first, Tucker out at second. Bonds singled to center, Snow to third. Pierzynski popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Giants. Miles grounded out to pitcher. Clayton singled to center. Helton fouled out to catcher. Castilla doubled to left, Clayton scored. Walker walked. Wilson singled to left, Castilla scored, Walker to third. Burnitz grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Alfonzo grounded out to third. Grissom struck out swinging. Perez singled to right center. Williams singled to left, Perez to third. Durham singled to center, Perez scored, Williams to second. Tucker flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Giants. Johnson doubled to left. Jennings walked. Miles lined out to right, Johnson to third. Clayton walked, Jennings to second. Helton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Clayton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Snow walked. Bonds struck out swinging, Snow stole second. Pierzynski flied out to right. Alfonzo reached on infield single to shortstop, Snow to third. Grissom grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Giants. Castilla flied out to right. Walker grounded out to first. Wilson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Perez singled to left. Williams sacrificed to first, Perez to second. Durham reached on bunt single to third, Perez to third. Tucker singled to center, Perez scored, Durham to second. Snow doubled to deep right center, Durham scored, Tucker to third. Bonds intentionally walked. Pierzynski lined into double play, second to shortstop, Snow doubled off second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Giants. Burnitz grounded out to second. Johnson struck out looking. Jennings doubled to deep right. Jennings to third on wild pitch by Williams. Miles walked. Clayton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Alfonzo flied out to right. Grissom grounded out to shortstop. Perez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Giants. Helton singled to right center. Castilla grounded out to, Helton out at second, Castilla to first. Walker homered to right center, Castilla scored. Wilson grounded out to third. Ransom hit for Williams. Burnitz flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Ransom struck out swinging. Durham walked. Tucker grounded out to second, Durham to second. Snow walked. Bonds intentionally walked, Snow to second. Walker pitching for Giants. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Walker pitching for Giants. Johnson singled to center. Lopez struck out bunting foul. Harikkala pitching for Rockies. Miles grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Harikkala pitching for Rockies. Alfonzo struck out swinging. Grissom flied out to right. Feliz hit for Walker. Perez reached on bunt single to second. Franklin pitching for Giants. Feliz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Perez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Franklin pitching for Giants. Clayton walked. Clayton caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Helton grounded out to pitcher. Castilla grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Harikkala pitching for Rockies. Durham grounded out to shortstop. Tucker grounded out to first. Snow doubled to center. Bonds intentionally walked. Pierzynski grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Franklin pitching for Giants. Walker struck out swinging. Wilson singled to right. Brower pitching for Giants. Burnitz struck out swinging. Wilson to second on wild pitch by Brower. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Alfonzo walked. Mohr ran for Alfonzo. Grissom singled to right, Alfonzo to second. Cruz hit for Brower. Perez sacrificed to third, Mohr to third, Grissom to second. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mohr scored, Grissom to third. Durham walked, Cruz to second. Tucker lined out to right. Snow hit by pitch, Grissom scored, Cruz to third, Durham to second. Cruz scored, Durham to third, Snow to second on wild pitch by Chacon, Durham scored on throwing error by catcher Johnson. Herges pitching for Giants. Cruz at third base. Sweeney hit for Chacon. Bonds struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Herges pitching for Giants. Sweeney struck out swinging. Miles singled to left. Clayton walked, Miles to second. Helton flied out to center. Castilla singled to left, Miles scored, Clayton to second. Eyre pitching for Giants. Pellow ran for Castilla. Walker grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 7 - Rockies 5.	Chacon blows Rockies' lead over S.F. in ninth