Padres - Top 1st. Stark pitching for Rockies. Burroughs reached on infield single to pitcher. Loretta singled to right, Burroughs to second. Giles flied out to right, Burroughs to third. Klesko singled to right, Burroughs scored, Loretta to second. Long doubled to deep left, Loretta scored, Klesko to third. Payton hit sacrifice fly to left, Klesko scored. Ojeda lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Valdez pitching for Padres. Miles singled to center. Gonzalez flied out to left. Helton flied out to right. Castilla grounded into fielder's choice to third, Miles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Stark pitching for Rockies. Greene singled to left. Valdez sacrificed to catcher, Greene to second. Burroughs flied out to left. Loretta singled to left, Greene scored, Loretta to second advancing on throw. Giles walked. Klesko lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Valdez pitching for Padres. Walker homered to right. Wilson flied out to right. Burnitz homered to right. Johnson grounded out to third. Stark grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Stark pitching for Rockies. Long homered to right. Payton struck out swinging. Ojeda walked. Greene struck out swinging. Valdez singled to right center, Ojeda to second, Ojeda scored, Valdez to second on error by center fielder Wilson. Burroughs doubled to deep right, Valdez scored. Loretta singled to left, Burroughs scored. Giles flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Valdez pitching for Padres. Miles fouled out to left. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Driskill pitching for Rockies. Helton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Driskill pitching for Rockies. Klesko flied out to left. Long grounded out to second. Payton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Valdez pitching for Padres. Castilla flied out to center. Walker singled to right center, Walker out stretching at second. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Driskill pitching for Rockies. Ojeda flied out to center. Greene popped out to shortstop. Valdez singled to right. Burroughs singled to center, Valdez to second. Loretta singled to left, Valdez scored, Burroughs to third, Loretta to second advancing on throw. Giles grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Valdez pitching for Padres. Burnitz safe at first on error by first baseman Klesko. Pellow hit for Driskill. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Burnitz out at second. Pellow singled to right. Miles singled to right, Pellow to third. Simpson pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Miles out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 6th. Simpson pitching for Rockies. Klesko flied out to left. Long walked. Payton singled to center, Long to second. Ojeda singled to center, Long scored, Payton to second. Greene struck out swinging. Valdez doubled to deep center, Payton and Ojeda scored. Burroughs grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Valdez pitching for Padres. Helton doubled to deep right. Castilla doubled to deep center, Helton scored. Walker popped out to shortstop. Wilson grounded out to shortstop, Castilla to third. Witasick pitching for Padres. Burnitz homered to right, Castilla scored. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Simpson pitching for Rockies. Loretta grounded out to third. Giles flied out to left. Sweeney hit for Simpson. Klesko popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Witasick pitching for Padres. Sweeney singled to center. Miles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sweeney out at second. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Miles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Long grounded out to first. Payton singled to right. Ojeda grounded out to third, Payton to second. Greene flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Witasick pitching for Padres. Helton grounded out to third. Castilla safe at first on error by shortstop Greene. Walker singled to right, Castilla to second. Wilson singled to center, Castilla scored, Walker to third. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Burnitz flied out to left. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Bragg hit for Linebrink. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 9th. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Bragg walked. Burroughs grounded out to second, Bragg to second. Loretta popped out to shortstop. Neal pitching for Padres. Holliday hit for Chacon. Giles singled to deep right, Bragg scored, Giles out stretching at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Neal pitching for Padres. Holliday walked. Miles flied out to center. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 13 - Rockies 6.	Call the FCC: Padres have offensive outburst