Padres - Top 1st. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Burroughs singled to left. Loretta singled to right center, Burroughs to third. Giles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Burroughs scored, Loretta out at second. Klesko grounded into fielder's choice to second, Giles out at second. Long singled to center, Klesko to third. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Long out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Eaton pitching for Padres. Miles fouled out to left. Clayton grounded out to second. Helton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Ojeda doubled to left center. Greene singled to left, Ojeda to third. Eaton grounded into double play, first to catcher, Ojeda out at home, Greene to second. Burroughs doubled to left, Greene scored. Loretta singled to left, Burroughs scored. Giles singled to center, Loretta to second. Klesko singled to center, Loretta scored, Giles to second. Long singled to right, Giles scored, Klesko to third, Long out stretching at second. 4 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Eaton pitching for Padres. Castilla flied out to center. Walker grounded out to second. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Payton grounded out to shortstop. Ojeda singled to center. Greene homered to center, Ojeda scored. Eaton struck out looking. Burroughs reached on infield single to first. Loretta flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Eaton pitching for Padres. Burnitz doubled to deep right. Greene walked. Jennings sacrificed to pitcher, Burnitz to third, Greene to second. Miles hit sacrifice fly to center, Burnitz scored. Clayton singled to center, Greene scored. Helton walked, Clayton to second. Castilla doubled to left, Clayton scored, Helton to third. Walker struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Giles walked. Klesko grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Giles out at second. Long singled to center. Payton fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Eaton pitching for Padres. Wilson singled to left. Burnitz flied out to right. Greene singled to left, Wilson to second, Wilson to third on error by left fielder Long. Jennings fouled out to catcher. Miles flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 5th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Ojeda grounded out to shortstop. Greene grounded out to shortstop. Eaton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Eaton pitching for Padres. Clayton grounded out to first. Helton flied out to center. Castilla singled to left. Castilla to second on passed ball by Ojeda. Walker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Burroughs grounded out to shortstop. Loretta flied out to right. Giles hit by pitch. Klesko homered to right, Giles scored. Long grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Eaton pitching for Padres. Wilson singled to left center. Burnitz singled to left, Wilson to second. Sweeney hit for Jennings. Sweeney hit for Jennings. Greene grounded into double play, third to second to first, Burnitz out at second. Sweeney walked. Miles doubled to right, Wilson scored, Sweeney to third. Beck pitching for Padres. Clayton walked. Simpson pitching for Rockies. Helton flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Simpson pitching for Rockies. Payton struck out swinging. Ojeda struck out swinging. Buchanan hit for Beck. Greene singled to left. Greene stole second. Buchanan hit by pitch. Stone pitching for Padres. Burroughs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Stone pitching for Padres. Castilla singled to center. Walker grounded out to second, Castilla to second. Wilson singled to left center, Castilla scored. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Burnitz homered to right, Wilson scored. Johnson hit for Simpson. Greene fouled out to catcher. Harikkala pitching for Rockies. Johnson grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Harikkala pitching for Rockies. Loretta grounded out to second. Giles flied out to right. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Klesko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Otsuka pitching for Padres. Miles grounded out to second. Clayton struck out swinging. Helton singled to right. Castilla grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Harikkala pitching for Rockies. Long struck out swinging. Payton flied out to left. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Ojeda grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Walker singled to center. Wilson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Walker out at second. Burnitz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 9 - Rockies 7.	Klesko, Padres find Greene pastures in Denver