Rockies - Top 1st. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Piedra homered to right. Clayton lined out to second. Helton walked. Castilla walked, Helton to second. Burnitz homered to left, Helton and Castilla scored. Holliday struck out swinging. Johnson struck out looking. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 1st. Estes pitching for Rockies. Furcal singled to left. Furcal to second on wild pitch by Estes. Giles grounded out to second. Jones walked. Jones lined out to center, Furcal to third. Franco singled to center, Furcal scored, Jones to second. Estrada grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Gonzalez singled to center. Gonzalez to second on balk by Ortiz. Estes sacrificed to third, Gonzalez to third. Piedra struck out looking. Clayton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Estes pitching for Rockies. Marrero lined out to second. Thomas walked. Ortiz sacrificed to first, Thomas to second. Furcal walked. Giles struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Helton walked. Castilla grounded into double play, third to second to first, Helton out at second. Burnitz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Estes pitching for Rockies. Jones grounded out to second. Jones struck out looking. Franco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Holliday struck out looking. Johnson walked. Gonzalez walked, Johnson to second. Estes sacrificed to pitcher, Johnson to third, Gonzalez to second. Piedra grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Estrada flied out to center. Marrero reached on infield single to third. Thomas hit by pitch, Marrero to second. Ortiz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Thomas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Clayton singled to center. Helton doubled to deep right, Clayton scored. Castilla grounded out to third. Burnitz intentionally walked. Holliday lined out to left. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Furcal doubled to deep left. Giles grounded out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to third. Cruz pitching for Braves. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Cruz pitching for Braves. Gonzalez doubled to left. Estes sacrificed to third, Gonzalez to third. Piedra hit by pitch. Clayton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Piedra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Estes pitching for Rockies. Franco doubled to deep right center. Estrada popped out to first. Marrero reached on infield single to second, Franco to third. Derosa hit for Cruz. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Franco scored, Marrero out at second. Derosa singled to center, Thomas to second. Harikkala pitching for Rockies. Furcal tripled to deep right, Thomas and Derosa scored. Giles doubled to shallow right center, Furcal scored. Martin pitching for Braves. Jones lined out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Martin pitching for Braves. Helton flied out to left. Castilla grounded out to third. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Burnitz singled to right center. Holliday singled to right, Burnitz to second. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Harikkala pitching for Rockies. Jones grounded out to first. Franco singled to center. Hampton ran for Franco. Estrada singled to left, Franco to second. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Closser catching. Marrero singled to center, Hampton scored, Estrada to second. Green hit for Gryboski. Thomas grounded out to first, Estrada to third, Marrero to second. LaRoche at first base. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Green grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Closser reached on infield single to shortstop. Piedra singled to center, Closser to second. Clayton grounded out to second, Closser to third, Piedra to second. Helton intentionally walked. Castilla grounded into fielder's choice to third, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Furcal singled to center. Giles sacrificed to pitcher, Furcal to second. Jones walked. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Jones reached on infield single to third, Furcal to third, Jones to second. LaRoche struck out looking. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Estrada grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Burnitz singled to left. Sweeney hit for Lopez. Holliday flied out to right. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to first, Burnitz out at second. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sweeney out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 5 - Braves 6.	Braves rally to overcome Rockies