Rockies - Top 1st. Rueter pitching for Giants. Barmes walked. Gonzalez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Feliz, Barmes to second. Helton walked, Barmes to third, Gonzalez to second. Castilla grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barmes scored, Helton out at second, Gonzalez to third. Burnitz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castilla out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 1st. Wright pitching for Rockies. Durham grounded out to second. Cruz singled to center. Snow grounded out to first, Cruz to second. Bonds intentionally walked. Feliz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bonds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Rueter pitching for Giants. Holliday lined out to shortstop. Greene singled to left center. Freeman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Greene out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Wright pitching for Rockies. Pierzynski hit by pitch. Tucker grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pierzynski out at second. Grissom grounded out to second, Tucker to second. Rueter grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Rueter pitching for Giants. Wright struck out swinging. Barmes singled to center. Gonzalez flied out to center. Barmes caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Helton batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Wright pitching for Rockies. Durham walked. Cruz grounded out to pitcher, Durham to second. Snow lined out to third. Bonds intentionally walked. Feliz singled to center, Durham scored, Bonds to second. Pierzynski lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Rueter pitching for Giants. Helton grounded out to second. Castilla struck out swinging. Burnitz singled to left. Holliday singled to right, Burnitz to third. Greene fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Wright pitching for Rockies. Tucker doubled to right. Grissom grounded out to shortstop. Rueter grounded out to second, Tucker to third. Durham grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Rueter pitching for Giants. Freeman walked. Wright sacrificed to catcher, Freeman to second. Barmes singled to right, Freeman scored. Gonzalez grounded out to third, Barmes to second. Helton singled to right center, Barmes scored, Helton to second on error by right fielder Tucker. Castilla grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 5th. Wright pitching for Rockies. Cruz grounded out to pitcher. Snow grounded out to second. Bonds walked. Feliz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Rueter pitching for Giants. Burnitz grounded out to first. Holliday doubled to left. Herges pitching for Giants. Greene singled to center, Holliday to third. Freeman singled to center, Holliday scored, Greene to second. Wright sacrificed to pitcher, Greene to third, Freeman to second. Barmes flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Wright pitching for Rockies. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Tucker grounded out to shortstop. Ledee hit for Herges. Grissom reached on infield single to second. Ledee safe at first on error by left fielder Holliday, Grissom to third. Franklin pitching for Giants. Durham flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 7th. Franklin pitching for Giants. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Helton singled to left. Castilla reached on infield single to shortstop, Helton to second. Burnitz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castilla out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Wright pitching for Rockies. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Snow grounded out to first. Bonds flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Franklin pitching for Giants. Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop. Greene grounded into double play, third to second to first, Holliday out at second. Harikkala pitching for Rockies. Freeman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Harikkala pitching for Rockies. Feliz grounded out to pitcher. Pierzynski flied out to center. Miles hit for Harikkala. Tucker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Franklin pitching for Giants. Miles reached on bunt single to first. Barmes sacrificed to pitcher, Miles to second. Gonzalez flied out to right. Miles stole third. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Helton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Torcato hit for Franklin. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Grissom grounded out to first. Torcato fouled out to shortstop. Durham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Giants 1.	Giants lose wild-card ground to ...