Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Fiers pitching for Brewers. Parra flied out to center. Prado singled to right. Hill doubled to deep left, Prado scored. Montero flied out to center. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Aoki reached on infield single to second. Segura singled to left, Aoki to second. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to third, Segura out at second, Aoki to third. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to right, Aoki scored. Lucroy singled to right, Weeks to second. Betancourt grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Fiers pitching for Brewers. Kubel lined out to right. Chavez singled to center. Pennington lined out to right. Corbin fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Gomez flied out to center. Davis doubled to deep right center. Fiers struck out swinging. Aoki walked. Segura doubled to deep center, Davis scored, Aoki to third. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Fiers pitching for Brewers. Parra lined out to center. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Hill safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Weeks. Montero popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Lucroy grounded out to first. Betancourt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Fiers pitching for Brewers. Goldschmidt doubled to deep left. Kubel homered to right (380 feet), Goldschmidt scored. Chavez singled to center. Pennington singled to right, Chavez to second. Corbin struck out bunting foul. Parra singled to left, Chavez scored, Parra to second, Pennington to second, Pennington thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Prado flied out to right. 3 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Gomez grounded out to shortstop. Davis grounded out to pitcher. Fiers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Fiers pitching for Brewers. Hill popped out to shortstop. Montero walked. Goldschmidt homered to left (411 feet), Montero scored. Kubel flied out to center. Chavez fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Aoki grounded out to second. Segura reached on infield single to second. Weeks singled to left, Segura to second. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop, Segura to third, Weeks to second. Lucroy popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Narveson pitching for Brewers. Pennington grounded out to third. Corbin bunt grounded out to catcher. Parra walked. Prado singled to center, Parra to third. Prado to second on wild pitch by Narveson. Hill grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Betancourt singled to left. Gomez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Betancourt out at second. Davis grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gomez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Figaro pitching for Brewers. Prince in left field. Montero walked. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Montero out at second. Kubel lined out to right. Chavez reached first base on catcher's interference, Goldschmidt to second. Chavez batting. Pennington safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Segura, Goldschmidt scored, Chavez to third. Hinske hit for Corbin. Hinske singled to center, Chavez scored, Pennington to third. Parra struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Bell pitching for Diamondbacks. Prince lined out to center. Aoki reached on infield single to third. Segura grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Aoki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Figaro pitching for Brewers. Prado grounded out to second. Hill homered to left (399 feet). Montero singled to left. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Kubel singled to center, Montero to third. Chavez flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Prado at third base. Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks. Pollock in left field. Weeks lined out to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Lucroy reached on infield single to pitcher. Betancourt popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Kintzler pitching for Brewers. Betancourt at third base. Maldonado at first base. Pennington singled to center. Pollock lined out to right. Parra singled to center, Pennington to second. Prado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks. Gomez struck out swinging. Maldonado struck out swinging. Prince flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 9 - Brewers 2.	D-backs power past short-handed Brewers