Cardinals - Top 1st. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Carpenter singled to right center. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to third, Carpenter out at second. Holliday struck out swinging. Craig grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Aoki doubled to deep right. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Braun lined out to right. Betancourt walked. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betancourt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Molina fouled out to right. Freese singled to center. Jay grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Freese out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Gomez struck out swinging. Maldonado grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Kozma lined out to left. Westbrook singled to shallow center. Carpenter singled to left, Westbrook to second. Beltran flied out to right. Holliday hit by pitch, Westbrook to third, Carpenter to second. Craig singled to left, Westbrook and Carpenter scored, Holliday to second. Molina singled to right, Holliday scored, Craig to third. Freese singled to center, Craig scored, Molina to second. Jay singled to left, Molina to third, Freese to second. Kozma singled to left, Molina and Freese scored, Jay to third, Kozma to second advancing on throw. Westbrook grounded out to third. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Peralta grounded out to second. Aoki flied out to center. Segura walked. Braun lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Carpenter flied out to left. Beltran singled to right. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beltran out at second. Craig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Betancourt struck out swinging. Weeks singled to center. Gomez singled to left, Weeks to second. Maldonado singled to center, Weeks scored, Gomez to second. Gonzalez struck out looking, Gomez stole third. Peralta struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Molina struck out swinging. Freese walked. Jay singled to left, Freese to second. Kozma walked, Freese to third, Jay to second. Figaro pitching for Brewers. Westbrook grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kozma out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Aoki flied out to center. Segura grounded out to second. Braun doubled to deep right. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Figaro pitching for Brewers. Carpenter grounded out to second. Beltran struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Weeks singled to deep left. Gomez flied out to left. Maldonado walked, Weeks to second. Gonzalez lined into double play, shortstop to second, Weeks doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Figaro pitching for Brewers. Craig grounded out to second. Molina singled to left. Freese struck out swinging. Jay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Schafer hit for Figaro. Schafer reached on infield single to second. Aoki hit ground rule double to deep left, Schafer to third. Segura hit sacrifice fly to right, Schafer scored, Aoki to third. Braun struck out swinging. Betancourt hit by pitch. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Weeks walked, Betancourt to second. Gomez walked, Aoki scored, Betancourt to third, Weeks to second. Carpenter at third base. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at second base. Maldonado struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers. Kozma flied out to center. Descalso popped out to first. Carpenter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez fouled out to catcher. Lalli hit for Gorzelanny. Lalli reached on infield single to catcher. Aoki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lalli safe at second on error by second baseman Descalso. Segura struck out swinging. Braun singled to center, Lalli scored, Aoki to third. Betancourt struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 9th. Badenhop pitching for Brewers. Beltran grounded out to pitcher. Holliday struck out swinging. Craig popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Mujica pitching for Cardinals. Weeks flied out to right. Gomez singled to left. Maldonado struck out looking, Gomez stole second. Gonzalez singled to center, Gomez scored. Prince ran for Gonzalez. Lucroy hit for Badenhop. Lucroy struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 6 - Brewers 5.	Cards' Westbrook earns 100th career win