Brewers - Top 1st. Walters pitching for Twins. Gomez popped out to second. Segura singled to center. Braun singled to left, Segura to third. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Braun out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Carroll singled to left. Dozier grounded into double play, third to second to first, Carroll out at second. Mauer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Walters pitching for Twins. Lucroy grounded out to third. Betancourt grounded out to pitcher. Schafer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Willingham walked. Morneau lined into double play, second to first, Willingham doubled off first. Doumit flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Walters pitching for Twins. Weeks flied out to center. Bianchi doubled to right. Gomez flied out to left. Segura lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Parmelee homered to right (394 feet). Hicks grounded out to first. Florimon grounded out to first. Carroll grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Walters pitching for Twins. Braun struck out looking. Ramirez singled to center. Lucroy flied out to center. Betancourt popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Dozier homered to left (384 feet). Mauer homered to left (372 feet). Willingham flied out to center. Morneau singled to right. Doumit homered to right center (414 feet), Morneau scored. Parmelee flied out to left. Hicks grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Walters pitching for Twins. Schafer doubled to left center. Weeks grounded out to second, Schafer to third. Bianchi popped out to pitcher. Gomez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Florimon singled to right. Carroll lined out to right. Dozier grounded out to second, Florimon to second. Mauer singled to right, Florimon scored. Hand pitching for Brewers. Willingham struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Walters pitching for Twins. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Braun struck out looking. Ramirez walked. Lucroy singled to right, Ramirez to second. Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop, Ramirez to third, Lucroy to second. Schafer tripled to deep right center, Ramirez, Lucroy and Betancourt scored. Weeks struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Hand pitching for Brewers. Morneau walked. Doumit singled to right, Morneau to third. Parmelee grounded out to second, Morneau scored, Doumit to second. Hicks singled to right, Doumit to third. Hicks caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Florimon grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Walters pitching for Twins. Bianchi singled to center. Gomez singled to left, Bianchi to second. Roenicke pitching for Twins. Segura walked, Bianchi to third, Gomez to second. Braun hit sacrifice fly to center, Bianchi scored, Gomez to third. Segura to second on wild pitch by Roenicke. Ramirez struck out swinging. Lucroy walked. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lucroy out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Hand pitching for Brewers. Carroll grounded out to second. Dozier hit by pitch. Mauer struck out looking, Dozier stole second. Willingham singled to left center, Dozier scored. Morneau struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Schafer singled to right. Weeks doubled to deep right, Schafer to third. Bianchi grounded out to shortstop, Schafer scored, Weeks to third. Pressly pitching for Twins. Gomez grounded out to shortstop, Weeks scored. Segura bunt popped out foul to catcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Axford pitching for Brewers. Doumit struck out swinging. Parmelee singled to right. Hicks walked, Parmelee to second. Florimon walked, Parmelee to third, Hicks to second. Carroll grounded into fielder's choice to first, Parmelee out at home, Hicks to third, Florimon to second. Dozier flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Burton pitching for Twins. Braun struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Lucroy fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 6 - Twins 8.	Twins hit 4 homers, beat slumping Brewers