Brewers - Top 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Aoki grounded out to third. Segura struck out swinging. Braun flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Revere grounded out to first. Hernandez grounded out to pitcher. Rollins singled to center. Rollins stole second. Howard walked. Brown homered to right (359 feet), Rollins and Howard scored. Young grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Ramirez struck out swinging. Gomez hit by pitch. Gomez stole second, Gomez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Quintero. Lucroy doubled to deep right, Gomez scored. Betancourt singled to left, Lucroy to third. Bianchi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lucroy scored, Betancourt out at second. Gallardo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Galvis doubled to left. Quintero grounded out to shortstop. Hamels struck out looking. Revere walked. Hernandez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Aoki reached on infield single to pitcher. Segura grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Aoki safe at second on error by second baseman Hernandez. Braun singled to right, Aoki to third, Segura to second. Ramirez singled to right, Aoki scored, Segura to third, Braun to second. Gomez hit sacrifice fly to right, Segura scored. Lucroy singled to right center, Braun scored, Ramirez to third. Betancourt reached on infield single to pitcher, Ramirez scored, Lucroy to second. Bianchi grounded into fielder's choice to first, Betancourt out at second, Lucroy to third. Gallardo flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Rollins homered to right center (388 feet). Howard lined out to shortstop. Brown grounded out to second. Young struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Aoki singled to left. Segura grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aoki out at second. Braun reached on infield single to third, Segura to second. Segura stole third, Braun stole second. Ramirez fouled out to catcher. Gomez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Galvis struck out swinging. Quintero lined out to right. Hamels struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Lucroy homered to left (380 feet). Betancourt reached on infield single to third. Bianchi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betancourt out at second. Gallardo sacrificed to catcher, Bianchi to second. Aoki popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Revere struck out looking. Hernandez grounded out to first. Rollins walked. Howard flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Segura doubled to deep left center. Stutes pitching for Phillies. Braun flied out to center. Ramirez grounded out to third. Gomez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Brown homered to right (388 feet). Young lined out to shortstop. Galvis struck out swinging. Quintero doubled to deep center. Frandsen hit for Stutes. Badenhop pitching for Brewers. Frandsen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Lucroy singled to right. Betancourt struck out looking. Bianchi struck out swinging. Schafer hit for Badenhop. Lucroy to second on wild pitch by De Fratus. Schafer lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Brewers. Revere grounded out to second. Hernandez flied out to right. Rollins grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Aoki lined out to left. Segura grounded out to pitcher. Braun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Gonzalez pitching for Brewers. Howard struck out swinging. Brown struck out swinging. Axford pitching for Brewers. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Adams pitching for Phillies. Ramirez grounded out to first. Gomez safe at first on error by pitcher Adams. Gomez caught stealing second, catcher to second. Lucroy homered to center (429 feet). Betancourt popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Brewers. Galvis struck out looking. Quintero struck out swinging. Nix hit for Adams. Nix fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 8 - Phillies 5.	Lucroy 5-for-5 with 2 HRs; Hamels now 1-9