Cardinals - Top 1st. Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers. Carpenter struck out swinging. Beltran singled to center. Holliday struck out swinging. Craig doubled to deep right, Beltran scored, Craig to third on throwing error by first baseman Francisco. Molina grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Gennett struck out swinging. Segura flied out to right. Lucroy tripled to deep right. Ramirez walked. Davis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers. Freese singled to left. Robinson singled to center, Freese to second. Kozma walked, Freese to third, Robinson to second. Westbrook doubled to center, Freese and Robinson scored, Kozma to third. Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to right, Kozma scored, Westbrook to third. Beltran homered to center (449 feet), Westbrook scored. Holliday struck out swinging. Craig homered to center (419 feet). Molina flied out to left. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Francisco lined out to center. Halton hit by pitch. Schafer singled to right, Halton to second. Gorzelanny bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Halton out at third, Schafer to second. Gennett grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers. Freese reached on infield single to first. Robinson singled to right, Freese to second. Kozma grounded into double play, second to first, Robinson out at second, Freese to third. Westbrook struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Segura safe at first on error by shortstop Kozma. Lucroy singled to right, Segura to third. Ramirez homered to left (374 feet), Segura and Lucroy scored. Davis singled to left. Francisco grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Davis out at second. Halton flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 4th. Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers. Carpenter singled to right. Beltran struck out swinging, Carpenter stole second. Holliday grounded out to shortstop, Carpenter to third. Hand pitching for Brewers. Craig lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Schafer grounded out to second. Hand grounded out to shortstop. Gennett lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Hand pitching for Brewers. Molina grounded out to pitcher. Freese grounded out to second. Robinson singled to center. Robinson stole second. Kozma walked. Westbrook popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Lucroy lined out to shortstop. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop. Davis singled to right, Ramirez to third. Francisco singled to center, Ramirez scored, Davis to second. Halton singled to right, Davis scored, Francisco to second. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Schafer walked, Francisco to third, Halton to second. Bianchi hit for Hand. Bianchi struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Axford pitching for Brewers. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. Beltran flied out to center. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Gennett struck out looking. Segura doubled to deep center. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Lucroy lined out to right. Ramirez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Axford pitching for Brewers. Craig walked. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Craig out at second. Freese grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Davis singled to left. Francisco grounded out to shortstop, Davis to second. Halton struck out swinging. Schafer walked. Aoki hit for Axford. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at third base. Aoki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Badenhop pitching for Brewers. Robinson lined out to second. Kozma grounded out to second. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Gennett singled to center. Segura struck out swinging. Lucroy flied out to left. Ramirez walked, Gennett to second. Carpenter at third base. Wong at second base. Mujica pitching for Cardinals. Davis hit by pitch, Gennett to third, Ramirez to second. Francisco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Brewers. Betancourt at first base. Carpenter struck out swinging. Beltran struck out swinging. Holliday homered to left (373 feet). Craig struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Jay in center field. Robinson in left field. Mujica pitching for Cardinals. Halton grounded out to shortstop. Schafer homered to right (389 feet). Betancourt hit ground rule double to deep right center. Gennett popped out to second. Segura grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 8 - Brewers 6.	Beltran, Craig homer to lift Cards over Brewers