Cardinals - Top 1st. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Schumaker singled to center. Stavinoha reached on infield single to shortstop, Schumaker to second. Pujols grounded into double play, second to first, Stavinoha out at second, Schumaker to third. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Victorino grounded out to second. Polanco lined out to center. Utley singled to right. Howard walked, Utley to second. Werth homered to right (358), Utley and Howard scored. Ibanez singled to left. Ruiz doubled to deep right, Ibanez to third. Valdez grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Freese safe at third on error by right fielder Werth. Rasmus popped out to second. LaRue safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Valdez, Freese scored. Lohse lined out to right. Greene grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Halladay safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Greene. Victorino doubled to deep center, Halladay to third. Polanco struck out swinging. Utley flied out to left. Howard singled to center, Halladay and Victorino scored. Werth doubled to deep left, Howard to third. Ibanez flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Schumaker grounded out to second. Stavinoha struck out swinging. Pujols popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Ruiz grounded out to third. Valdez struck out swinging. Halladay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Holliday singled to center. Freese struck out swinging. Rasmus struck out looking. LaRue grounded into fielder's choice to third, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Victorino grounded out to second. Polanco singled to left. Utley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Polanco out at second. Howard singled to right, Utley to third. Werth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Ludwick hit for Lohse. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Ludwick struck out looking. Greene singled to right. Schumaker walked, Greene to second. Stavinoha struck out swinging. Greene to third, Schumaker to second on wild pitch by Halladay. Pujols walked. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Ibanez homered to right (416). Ruiz singled to left. Valdez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ruiz out at second. Halladay struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Freese walked. Rasmus struck out looking. LaRue grounded into double play, third to second to first, Freese out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Victorino flied out to center. Polanco grounded out to second. Utley safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Greene. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Utley caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Howard batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Jay hit for Miller. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Jay singled to right. Greene struck out swinging. Schumaker singled to left center, Jay to third. Stavinoha struck out swinging. Pujols singled to left, Jay scored, Schumaker to second. Holliday grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Jay in right field. Howard struck out swinging. Werth doubled to deep center. Ibanez intentionally walked. Ruiz singled to right, Werth scored, Ibanez to second, Ibanez thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Valdez doubled to deep right, Ruiz to third. Dobbs hit for Halladay. Dobbs grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Freese grounded out to shortstop. Rasmus hit by pitch. LaRue hit by pitch, Rasmus to second. Jay grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, LaRue out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Victorino grounded out to third. Polanco grounded out to second. Utley walked. Howard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Phillies. Greene grounded out to second. Schumaker fouled out to third. Mather hit for Reyes. Mather struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 2 - Phillies 7.	Werth's 3-run shot backs Halladay, Phillies win