Phillies - Top 1st. Cueto pitching for Reds. Rollins flied out to center. Victorino singled to center. Utley grounded out to second, Victorino to second. Howard lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Phillips grounded out to second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Votto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Cueto pitching for Reds. Werth singled to right center. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Werth out at second. Schneider grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Rolen grounded out to third. Gomes popped out to shortstop. Bruce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Cueto pitching for Reds. Valdez walked. Kendrick sacrificed to catcher, Valdez to second. Rollins flied out to left. Victorino popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Stubbs struck out looking. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Cueto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Utley singled to center, Utley out stretching at second. Howard doubled to deep right center. Werth walked. Ibanez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Werth out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Phillips grounded out to second. Cabrera doubled to deep left. Cabrera caught stealing third, catcher to third. Votto doubled to deep right. Rolen homered to left (340 feet), Votto scored. Gomes flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Schneider flied out to right. Valdez grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Bruce grounded out to shortstop. Stubbs struck out swinging. Hernandez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Rollins grounded out to pitcher. Victorino grounded out to catcher. Utley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Cueto safe at first on error by second baseman Utley. Phillips singled to left, Cueto to second. Cabrera singled to right center, Cueto to third, Phillips to second. Votto singled to right, Cueto scored, Phillips to third, Cabrera to second. Rolen hit sacrifice fly to center, Phillips scored. Gomes fouled out to catcher. Bruce fouled out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 7th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Howard tripled to deep center. Werth grounded out to third. Ibanez reached on infield single to third, Howard scored. Schneider flied out to center. Valdez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ibanez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Stubbs reached on infield single to third. Hernandez doubled to deep right center, Stubbs scored. Cueto sacrificed to catcher, Hernandez to third. Herndon pitching for Phillies. Phillips popped out to second. Cabrera singled to left, Hernandez scored. Romero pitching for Phillies. Votto singled to center, Cabrera to third. Rolen walked, Votto to second. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rolen out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Gload hit for Romero. Cueto pitching for Reds. Gload popped out to shortstop. Rollins grounded out to first. Victorino flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Zagurski pitching for Phillies. Bruce doubled to deep center. Stubbs walked. Hernandez sacrificed to third, Bruce to third, Stubbs to second. Heisey hit for Cueto. Heisey hit sacrifice fly to left, Bruce scored. Stubbs to third on wild pitch by Zagurski. Phillips struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Bray pitching for Reds. Heisey in left field. Castro hit for Utley. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Howard grounded out to catcher. Werth singled to right center. Werth to second on fielder's indifference. Ibanez homered to right (377 feet), Werth scored. Sardinha hit for Schneider. Sardinha struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 3 - Reds 7.	Rolen's 300th HR helps Cueto pay back Phils