Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Young flied out to center. Johnson struck out swinging. Upton singled to center. LaRoche hit by pitch, Upton to second. Montero walked, Upton to third, LaRoche to second. Reynolds walked, Upton scored, LaRoche to third, Montero to second. Drew fouled out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks. Victorino lined out to right. Polanco singled to right. Ibanez walked, Polanco to second. Howard struck out swinging. Werth walked, Polanco to third, Ibanez to second. Dobbs popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Ryal struck out looking. Lopez struck out swinging. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruiz singled to center. Valdez struck out swinging. Ruiz caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Hamels struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Johnson lined out to second. Upton struck out looking. LaRoche struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks. Victorino singled to center. Victorino stole second. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Victorino out at third. Ibanez singled to right, Polanco to third. Howard singled to right, Polanco scored, Ibanez to third. Werth walked, Howard to second. Dobbs fouled out to third. Ruiz walked, Ibanez scored, Howard to third, Werth to second. Valdez lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Montero flied out to center. Reynolds homered to center (426 feet). Drew walked. Ryal doubled to left, Drew to third. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Young hit by pitch. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks. Hamels grounded out to first. Victorino struck out looking. Polanco doubled to right. Ibanez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Upton struck out swinging. LaRoche doubled to deep right. Montero grounded out to first, LaRoche to third. Reynolds intentionally walked. Drew singled to right, LaRoche scored, Reynolds to second. Ryal reached on infield single to shortstop, Reynolds to third, Drew to second. Lopez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Parra in right field. Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks. Howard walked. Werth homered to center (416 feet), Howard scored. Dobbs lined out to first. Ruiz popped out to second. Valdez grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Herndon pitching for Phillies. Ransom at third base. Young doubled to deep center. Johnson walked. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to first, Young to third, Johnson safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Howard. LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to center, Young scored, Johnson to third. Montero grounded out to second, Johnson scored, Parra to second. Reynolds grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Ransom grounded out to shortstop. Victorino singled to right. Polanco lined out to pitcher, Victorino to second. Norberto pitching for Diamondbacks. Victorino to third on wild pitch by Norberto. Ibanez singled to right, Victorino scored. Howard homered to left center (400 feet), Ibanez scored. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Werth singled to center. Francisco hit for Herndon. Francisco struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Baez pitching for Phillies. Drew flied out to center. Gload in right field. Werth in center field. Ryal grounded out to shortstop. Abreu hit for Vasquez. Abreu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruiz reached on infield single to shortstop. Valdez sacrificed to third, Ruiz to second. Ransom homered to left (398 feet), Ruiz scored. Gload lined out to right. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Young singled to center. Johnson grounded out to second, Young to second. Parra flied out to left. LaRoche walked. Montero grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Ibanez flied out to left. Howard flied out to center. Werth flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Reynolds struck out swinging. Drew struck out swinging. Ryal grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Phillies 9.	Phillies pick up 6th straight win, crush D-backs