Phillies - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Rollins fouled out to third. Polanco singled to right. Polanco to second on wild pitch by Sanchez. Ibanez walked. Werth struck out swinging. Gload singled to center, Polanco scored, Ibanez to second. Brown singled to left center, Ibanez scored, Gload to third, Brown to second advancing on throw. Ruiz struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Morrison singled to left center. Sanchez singled to left center, Morrison to third. Uggla flied out to right. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Valdez struck out swinging. Kendrick struck out looking. Rollins reached on infield single to shortstop. Polanco popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Stanton homered to left center (419 feet). Helms grounded out to third. Paulino struck out looking. Sanchez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Ibanez grounded out to second. Werth struck out swinging. Gload walked. Gload to second on wild pitch by Sanchez. Brown grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. Morrison struck out swinging. Sanchez doubled to left. Uggla singled to right, Sanchez thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Valdez grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Ross struck out swinging. Stanton grounded out to third. Helms struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Rollins singled to center. Polanco singled to shallow left, Rollins to second. Ibanez singled to right, Rollins scored, Polanco to third, Ibanez to second advancing on throw. Werth struck out looking. Gload intentionally walked. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Brown hit sacrifice fly to right, Polanco scored. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gload out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Paulino flied out to right. Bonifacio hit for Tankersley. Bonifacio lined out to first. Ramirez singled to center. Morrison reached on infield single to third, Ramirez to second. Sanchez singled to right, Ramirez scored, Morrison to third, Sanchez to second advancing on throw. Uggla lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Sanches pitching for Marlins. Valdez lined out to shortstop. Kendrick doubled to deep left. Rollins walked. Polanco walked, Kendrick to third, Rollins to second. Ohman pitching for Marlins. Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to right, Kendrick scored, Rollins to third. Werth flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Ross flied out to left. Stanton grounded out to second. Helms struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Ohman pitching for Marlins. Gload struck out swinging. Brown struck out swinging. Ruiz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Paulino flied out to center. Petersen hit for Ohman. Petersen flied out to left. Ramirez singled to right. Morrison grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Hensley pitching for Marlins. Valdez lined out to center. Dobbs hit for Contreras. Dobbs grounded out to third. Rollins walked. Polanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Sanchez doubled to deep left center. Uggla walked. Ross flied out to center, Sanchez to third, Uggla to second. Stanton struck out swinging. Helms struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Ibanez singled to right. Werth singled to left, Ibanez to second. Gload flied out to left, Ibanez to third. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ibanez scored, Werth safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Uggla. Ruiz singled to left, Werth scored, Brown to second. Valdez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ruiz out at second, Brown to third. Francisco hit for Madson. Valdez to second on passed ball by Paulino. Francisco walked. Rollins flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Lidge pitching for Phillies. Paulino struck out looking. Murphy hit for Nunez. Murphy grounded out to third. Ramirez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 7 - Marlins 2.	Rookie Brown powers streaking Phils past Marlins