Nationals - Top 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Morgan grounded out to second. Desmond singled to center. Dunn walked, Desmond to second. Zimmerman grounded out to second, Desmond to third, Dunn to second. Bernadina walked. Kennedy walked, Desmond scored, Dunn to third, Bernadina to second. Rodriguez singled to center, Dunn and Bernadina scored, Kennedy to second. Harris grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Rollins struck out looking. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Utley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Strasburg grounded out to shortstop. Morgan tripled to deep right. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Morgan out at home. Dunn lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Howard singled to center. Victorino struck out swinging. Ibanez struck out swinging. Brown grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman doubled to deep center. Bernadina singled to right, Zimmerman to third. Kennedy singled to right, Zimmerman scored, Bernadina to second. Rodriguez reached on infield single to second, Bernadina to third, Kennedy to second. Harris struck out looking. Strasburg grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bernadina scored, Rodriguez out at second, Kennedy to third. Morgan flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Schneider grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick struck out swinging. Rollins grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Desmond singled to left. Dunn walked, Desmond to second. Zimmerman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Dunn out at second, Desmond to third. Bernadina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Polanco doubled to deep center. Utley grounded out to second, Polanco to third. Howard grounded out to second, Polanco scored. Victorino struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Kennedy flied out to center. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. Harris struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Ibanez struck out looking. Brown grounded out to second. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Schneider grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Stammen grounded out to second. Morgan grounded out to second. Desmond singled to center. Romero pitching for Phillies. Francisco in right field. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Francisco doubled to left. Rollins grounded out to second, Francisco to third. Polanco safe at first on error by pitcher Stammen. Slaten pitching for Nationals. Utley popped out to shortstop. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 7th. Romero pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman popped out to shortstop. Bernadina bunt grounded out to catcher. Kennedy grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Slaten pitching for Nationals. Victorino grounded out to third. Ibanez struck out swinging. Sweeney hit for Romero. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Harris singled to right. Mench hit for Slaten. Mench struck out swinging, Harris stole second. Morgan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Schneider struck out swinging. Francisco fouled out to first. Rollins doubled to deep right. Polanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Desmond singled to left. Dunn walked, Desmond to second. Maxwell ran for Dunn. Zimmerman struck out looking. Bernadina homered to right (361 feet), Desmond and Maxwell scored. Kennedy grounded out to pitcher. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Batista pitching for Nationals. Kennedy at first base. Gonzalez at second base. Utley walked. Howard flied out to left. Victorino struck out looking. Utley to second on fielder's indifference. Ibanez walked. Werth hit for Durbin. Werth flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 8 - Phillies 1.	Strasburg injured in Nationals win