Phillies - Top 1st. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Victorino flied out to center. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Utley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. Feliciano singled to right. Pagan popped out to third. Wright walked, Feliciano to second. Davis hit ground rule double to right, Feliciano scored, Wright to third. Thole flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Howard lined out to second. Werth safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Davis. Ibanez singled to center, Werth to second. Schneider grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Duda grounded out to first. Hernandez grounded out to second. Pelfrey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Valdez lined out to right. Kendrick struck out looking. Victorino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Reyes homered to right (387 feet). Feliciano walked. Pagan flied out to left. Wright popped into double play, second to first, Feliciano doubled off first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Polanco grounded out to third. Utley singled to shallow right. Howard flied out to left. Werth grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Utley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Davis singled to right. Thole lined out to left. Duda flied out to center. Hernandez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Ibanez struck out swinging. Schneider singled to right. Valdez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Schneider out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Pelfrey singled to shallow right. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pelfrey out at second. Reyes stole second. Feliciano grounded out to second, Reyes to third. Pagan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Dobbs hit for Kendrick. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Dobbs struck out looking. Victorino fouled out to catcher. Polanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Herndon pitching for Phillies. Wright singled to shallow left. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. Davis singled to right, Wright to second. Thole struck out swinging. Arias hit for Duda. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Carter hit for Arias. Carter walked, Wright to third, Davis to second. Evans ran for Carter. Hernandez flied out to right, Wright thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Evans in left field. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Utley hit by pitch. Howard lined out to second. Werth grounded into fielder's choice to third, Utley out at second. Ibanez singled to left, Werth to second. Schneider flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Pelfrey struck out swinging. Reyes grounded out to first. Feliciano singled to center. Pagan singled to left, Feliciano to second, Feliciano to third, Pagan to second on error by left fielder Ibanez. Wright intentionally walked. Romero pitching for Phillies. Davis singled to center, Feliciano and Pagan scored, Wright to second. Thole reached on infield single to second, Wright to third, Davis to second. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Evans struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 8th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Valdez struck out looking. Gload hit for Durbin. Gload doubled to deep right center. Victorino singled to center, Gload scored. Parnell pitching for Mets. Polanco singled to right, Victorino to second. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Utley grounded out to second, Victorino to third, Polanco to second. Howard singled to center, Victorino and Polanco scored. Acosta pitching for Mets. Werth struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Hernandez walked. Castillo hit for Acosta. Castillo sacrificed to pitcher, Hernandez to second. Reyes intentionally walked. Feliciano flied into double play, center to second, Hernandez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Takahashi pitching for Mets. Ibanez lined out to left. Sweeney hit for Schneider. Sweeney doubled to deep left. Mayberry ran for Sweeney. Valdez grounded out to first, Mayberry to third. Ruiz hit for Madson. Ruiz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 3 - Mets 4.	Pelfrey dominates 14th win as Mets stop Philles