Reds - Top 1st. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Phillips homered to left (375 feet). Cabrera popped out to shortstop. Votto struck out swinging. Rolen popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Victorino fouled out to first. Polanco popped out to shortstop. Utley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Nix safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Utley. Bruce flied out to left. Nix to second on wild pitch by Oswalt. Stubbs walked. Hanigan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stubbs out at second, Nix to third, Nix scored, Hanigan to second on throwing error by second baseman Utley. Arroyo struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Howard singled to center. Werth flied out to center. Rollins flied out to left. Ibanez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Phillips singled to center. Cabrera singled to shallow left, Phillips to second. Votto flied out to left. Rolen struck out swinging. Nix struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Ruiz walked. Oswalt bunt popped out foul to first. Victorino flied out to right. Polanco lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Bruce homered to right (430 feet). Stubbs struck out swinging. Hanigan grounded out to shortstop. Arroyo flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Utley struck out looking. Howard walked. Werth singled to right, Howard to second. Rollins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Werth out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Phillips doubled to left. Janish hit for Cabrera. Janish sacrificed to third, Phillips to third. Votto hit sacrifice fly to left, Phillips scored. Rolen grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Janish at shortstop. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Ibanez singled to right. Ruiz flied out to right. Brown hit for Oswalt. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ibanez out at second. Victorino safe at first on error by second baseman Phillips, Brown to second. Polanco safe at first on error by third baseman Rolen, Brown to third, Victorino to second. Utley singled to right, Brown and Victorino scored, Polanco to third. Howard struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Romero pitching for Phillies. Nix grounded out to pitcher. Bruce lined out to third. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Stubbs walked. Stubbs picked off first. Hanigan batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Werth walked. Rollins popped out to second. Rhodes pitching for Reds. Ibanez struck out looking. Werth stole second. Ruiz hit by pitch. Francisco hit for Durbin. Ondrusek pitching for Reds. Heisey in left field. Francisco hit by pitch, Werth to third, Ruiz to second. Victorino walked, Werth scored, Ruiz to third, Francisco to second. Polanco grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Hanigan grounded out to second. Heisey struck out swinging. Phillips popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Chapman pitching for Reds. Utley hit by pitch. Howard struck out swinging. Werth grounded into fielder's choice to third, Utley to second. Rollins safe at first on error by right fielder Bruce, Utley advanced to third on Bruce error, Werth advanced to second on Bruce error, Utley and Werth scored, Rollins to second on error by second baseman Phillips. Ibanez singled to right, Rollins to third. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rollins scored, Ibanez out at second. Sweeney hit for Contreras. Sweeney singled to left, Ruiz to second. Hernandez catching. Masset pitching for Reds. Victorino grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Janish grounded out to shortstop. Votto singled to right. Rolen struck out swinging. Votto to second on wild pitch by Madson. Hernandez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Masset pitching for Reds. Polanco flied out to right. Utley singled to right. Utley stole second. Howard intentionally walked. Werth singled to left, Utley scored, Howard to second. Rollins grounded out to pitcher, Howard to third, Werth to second. Ibanez intentionally walked. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ibanez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Lidge pitching for Phillies. Bruce walked. Stubbs flied out to center. Cairo hit for Masset. Cairo flied out to center. Heisey grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 4 - Phillies 7.	Phillies lead 2-0 as errors bury Reds \n