Angels - Top 1st. Eckstein walked. Erstad flied out to left center. Salmon walked, Eckstein to second. Anderson singled to center, Eckstein scored, Salmon to second. Glaus reached on infield single to shortstop, Salmon to third, Anderson to second. Fullmer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Salmon scored, Glaus out at second, Anderson to third. Spiezio grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Ellis doubled to shallow right. Hatteberg singled to left, Ellis to third. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellis scored, Hatteberg out at second. Chavez singled to center, Tejada to second. Dye flied out to center, Tejada to third, Chavez to second. Durazo walked. Long struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Molina grounded out to third. Kennedy grounded out to shortstop. Eckstein grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez popped out to second. Singleton struck out looking. Ellis doubled to right. Hatteberg popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Erstad flied out to center. Salmon grounded out to shortstop. Anderson singled to center. Glaus walked, Anderson to second. Fullmer singled to right, Anderson scored, Glaus to third. Spiezio flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Tejada grounded out to first. Chavez struck out swinging. Dye popped out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Molina singled to left. Kennedy grounded out to pitcher, Molina to second. Eckstein walked. Erstad lined out to left. Salmon singled to center, Molina scored, Eckstein to third. Anderson walked, Salmon to second. Glaus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Anderson out at second, Salmon to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Durazo doubled to right. Long hit by pitch. Hernandez singled to deep right, Durazo to third, Long to second. Singleton doubled to right center, Durazo and Long scored, Hernandez to third. Ellis singled to right, Hernandez scored, Singleton thrown out at home, Ellis to second advancing on throw. Hatteberg struck out swinging. Ellis to third on wild pitch by Lackey. Tejada grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Fullmer walked. Spiezio struck out swinging. Fullmer caught stealing second, catcher to second. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Chavez singled to center. Dye fouled out to right, Chavez to second. Durazo flied out to left. Long intentionally walked. Bowie pitching for Athletics. Hernandez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Kennedy lined out to second. Eckstein flied out to right. Erstad grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Schoeneweis pitching for Angels. Singleton grounded out to pitcher. Ellis singled to center. Hatteberg grounded out to first, Ellis to second. Tejada intentionally walked. Chavez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Salmon singled to shallow right center. Anderson doubled to left center, Salmon to third. Glaus struck out swinging. Fullmer grounded out to second, Salmon scored, Anderson to third. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Spiezio grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Dye walked. Durazo walked, Dye to second. Long lined out to first. Dye to third, Durazo to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Hernandez struck out swinging, Hernandez safe at first on wild pitch by Rodriguez, Dye scored, Durazo to third. Singleton singled to right, Durazo scored, Hernandez to third. Ellis hit sacrifice fly to left, Hernandez scored. Hatteberg flied out to left. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Molina grounded out to second. Kennedy grounded out to first. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Eckstein grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Tejada flied out to center. Chavez grounded out to second. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Dye grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Erstad struck out looking. Salmon homered to left. Anderson struck out looking. Glaus flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 6 - Athletics 7.	Ellis' four hits help A's sweep aside Angels