Mariners - Top 1st. Appier pitching for Angels. Winn flied out to left center. Guillen popped out to shortstop. Boone walked. Martinez singled to left, Boone to second. Olerud grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Eckstein hit by pitch. Erstad reached on infield single to shortstop, Eckstein to second. Salmon singled to left, Eckstein scored, Erstad to second. Anderson struck out swinging. Glaus walked, Erstad to third, Salmon to second. Fullmer struck out swinging. Spiezio grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Appier pitching for Angels. Cameron lined out to left. Mabry walked. Davis doubled to right, Mabry scored. McLemore homered to right, Davis scored. Winn hit by pitch. Guillen flied out to left. Boone struck out looking. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Molina flied out to right. Figgins struck out looking. Shields pitching for Angels. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Shields pitching for Angels. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Olerud flied out to deep left. Cameron safe at first on error by third baseman Glaus. Mabry singled to left center, Cameron scored, Mabry to second advancing on throw. Davis singled to left, Mabry scored. McLemore walked, Davis to second. Winn grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Erstad struck out swinging. Salmon grounded out to third. Anderson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Shields pitching for Angels. Guillen doubled to left. Boone struck out looking. Martinez singled to right, Guillen to third, Guillen scored on error by right fielder Salmon. Olerud walked, Martinez to second. Cameron grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Olerud out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Glaus flied out to center. Fullmer doubled to right. Spiezio popped out to shallow center. Molina singled to left, Fullmer scored. Owens in center field. Figgins grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Shields pitching for Angels. Mabry doubled to left center. Davis flied out to center. McLemore flied out to left. Winn grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Eckstein walked. Owens flied out to shallow right. Eckstein to second on passed ball by Davis. Salmon walked. Anderson doubled to left center, Eckstein scored, Salmon to third. Glaus safe at first on error by shortstop Guillen, Salmon scored. Fullmer struck out swinging. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Spiezio grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Guillen popped out to shallow left. Boone grounded out to shortstop. Martinez walked. Olerud flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Figgins singled to left. Eckstein flied out to center. Owens grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Cameron singled to center. Mabry grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cameron out at second. Davis grounded out to second, Mabry to second. Carrara pitching for Mariners. McLemore struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Carrara pitching for Mariners. Salmon struck out swinging. Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Glaus struck out swinging. Anderson caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Winn grounded out to first. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Boone walked. Boone stole second. Suzuki in right field. Martinez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Carrara pitching for Mariners. Fullmer singled to left. Spiezio grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Fullmer out at second. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Olerud flied out to center. Cameron fouled out to first. Sasaki pitching for Mariners. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Sasaki pitching for Mariners. Figgins singled to center. Figgins stole second. Eckstein singled to right center, Figgins scored. Owens singled to right, Eckstein to third. Salmon singled to shallow right, Eckstein scored, Owens to second. Anderson flied out to right center. Owens stole third, Salmon stole second. Glaus safe at first on error by third baseman McLemore, Owens scored, Salmon to third. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Angels 7.	Still kings of comebacks: Angels stun Mariners