Mariners - Top 1st. Washburn pitching for Angels. Suzuki flied out to left. Winn flied out to right center. Boone flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Eckstein grounded out to second. Spiezio grounded out to second. Salmon singled to left center. Anderson homered to right, Salmon scored. Glaus flied out to left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Washburn pitching for Angels. Olerud grounded out to first. Cameron flied out to right. Colbrunn walked. Colbrunn to second on passed ball by Wooten. Bloomquist reached on infield single to second, Colbrunn to third. Cirillo out on batter's interference to first. Cirillo batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Fullmer grounded out to third. Wooten singled to shallow center. Owens grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wooten out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Washburn pitching for Angels. Wilson homered to left. Suzuki doubled to deep right center. Winn sacrificed to third, Suzuki to third. Boone walked. Olerud grounded out to first, Suzuki scored, Boone to second. Cameron hit by pitch. Colbrunn grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Figgins flied out to deep center. Eckstein walked. Spiezio grounded into fielder's choice to first, Eckstein out at second. Salmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Bloomquist singled to left. Cirillo flied out to left, Bloomquist to second. Wilson popped out to shallow left. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Anderson singled to center. Glaus flied out to right. Fullmer flied out to deep right center. Wooten flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Winn grounded out to third. Boone homered to center. Olerud grounded out to first. Cameron grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Owens lined out to right. Figgins popped out to shortstop. Eckstein popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Colbrunn flied out to right. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Cirillo doubled to deep center. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Spiezio singled to left center. Salmon popped out to shallow right center. Anderson flied out to center. Glaus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Suzuki doubled to deep center. Winn sacrificed to pitcher, Suzuki to third. Boone intentionally walked. Olerud singled to left, Suzuki scored, Boone to second. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Cameron struck out swinging. Martinez hit for Colbrunn. Martinez walked, Boone to third, Olerud to second. Bloomquist struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Fullmer doubled to right. Wooten flied out to center. Owens flied out to center. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Figgins popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Cirillo walked. Wilson sacrificed to pitcher, Cirillo to second. Suzuki lined out to shortstop. Nelson pitching for Mariners. Winn singled to right, Cirillo scored, Winn tagged out at second attempting to advance on throw. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Nelson pitching for Mariners. Eckstein singled to right. Spiezio singled to left center, Eckstein to second. Salmon singled to left, Eckstein scored, Spiezio to second. Rhodes pitching for Mariners. Ramirez ran for Salmon. Anderson singled to right, Spiezio to third, Ramirez to second, Ramirez out at second trying to return to base. Glaus walked, Anderson to second. Fullmer struck out swinging. Wooten singled to center, Spiezio and Anderson scored, Glaus to third. Owens walked, Wooten to second. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Ramirez in center field. Owens in right field. Molina catching. Percival pitching for Angels. Figgins flied out to left center. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Percival pitching for Angels. Boone doubled to left center. Olerud singled to center, Boone scored, Olerud to second on throwing error by center fielder Ramirez. Cameron flied out to right, Olerud to third, Olerud scored advancing on throw. Martinez walked. McLemore ran for Martinez. McLemore stole second. Bloomquist intentionally walked. Cirillo struck out swinging. Sasaki pitching for Mariners. Guillen at shortstop. Wilson grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Sasaki pitching for Mariners. Eckstein doubled to left. Eckstein to third on passed ball by Wilson. Spiezio singled to right, Eckstein scored. Ramirez bunt popped out foul to catcher. Anderson flied out to left. Glaus singled to right center, Spiezio to second. Gil ran for Spiezio. Fullmer struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - Angels 6.	Olerud, M's bounce back to edge Angels