Rangers - Top 1st. Ortiz pitching for Angels. Young singled to left. Blalock singled to right, Young to third. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to left, Young scored. Palmeiro singled to center, Blalock to second. Everett walked, Blalock to third, Palmeiro to second. Mench hit sacrifice fly to right, Blalock scored, Palmeiro to third. Teixeira walked, Everett to second. Glanville struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Davanon grounded out to third. Erstad struck out swinging. Salmon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Angels. Diaz struck out swinging. Young fouled out to catcher. Blalock singled to center. Rodriguez walked, Blalock to second. Palmeiro popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Spiezio struck out swinging. Glaus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Angels. Everett grounded out to second. Mench grounded out to first. Teixeira homered to right. Glanville singled to right center. Diaz flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy popped out to first. Eckstein flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Ortiz pitching for Angels. Young singled to center. Blalock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Young out at second. Rodriguez flied out to left. Palmeiro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Davanon homered to right. Erstad lined out to third. Salmon struck out looking. Anderson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Ortiz pitching for Angels. Everett flied out to left. Mench safe at first on error by third baseman Glaus. Teixeira walked, Mench to second. Glanville singled to center, Mench to third, Teixeira to second. Diaz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mench scored, Teixeira to third, Glanville safe at second on error by second baseman Kennedy. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Young struck out swinging. Blalock flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Spiezio singled to right. Glaus grounded into double play, third to second to first, Spiezio out at second. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Palmeiro struck out swinging. Everett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Kennedy flied out to left. Eckstein fouled out to third. Davanon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Mench struck out swinging. Teixeira grounded out to shortstop. Glanville grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Thomson pitching for Rangers. Erstad walked. Salmon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Erstad out at second. Anderson homered to right, Salmon scored. Spiezio grounded out to first. Glaus grounded out to catcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Weber pitching for Angels. Diaz doubled to left. Young bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Diaz out at third. Blalock flied out to center. Rodriguez homered to center, Young scored. Schoeneweis pitching for Angels. Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Molina singled to left. Owens ran for Molina. Kennedy singled to left, Owens to second. Eckstein grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kennedy out at second, Owens to third. Molina catching. Davanon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Schoeneweis pitching for Angels. Everett singled to left. Mench reached on infield single to second, Everett to second. Teixeira struck out swinging. Glanville flied out to right, Everett to third, Mench to second on throwing error by right fielder Davanon. Urbina pitching for Rangers. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 9th. Urbina pitching for Rangers. Erstad flied out to right. Salmon grounded out to third. Anderson singled to center. Anderson to second on balk by Urbina. Spiezio struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 6 - Angels 3.	A-Rod grills Weber with late two-run homer