White Sox - Top 1st. Sele pitching for Angels. Alomar struck out looking. Lee struck out looking. Thomas flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Colon pitching for White Sox. Eckstein singled to center. Figgins sacrificed to pitcher, Eckstein to second. Anderson flied out to left. Salmon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Sele pitching for Angels. Ordonez walked. Everett doubled to deep left center, Ordonez scored. Konerko grounded out to second, Everett to third. Valentin struck out swinging. Crede walked. Olivo flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Colon pitching for White Sox. Spiezio struck out looking. Quinlan struck out looking. Davanon singled to center. Molina doubled to deep left center, Davanon scored. Kennedy flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Sele pitching for Angels. Alomar grounded out to shortstop. Lee walked. Thomas singled to left, Lee to second. Ordonez singled to right, Lee to third, Thomas to second. Everett hit by pitch, Lee scored, Thomas to third, Ordonez to second. Konerko grounded into double play, third to second to first, Everett out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Colon pitching for White Sox. Eckstein walked. Figgins singled to right center, Eckstein to second. Anderson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Figgins out at second, Eckstein to third. Salmon doubled to left, Eckstein scored. Spiezio flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Sele pitching for Angels. Valentin flied out to right. Crede fouled out to catcher. Olivo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Colon pitching for White Sox. Quinlan lined out to right. Davanon bunt grounded out to pitcher. Molina flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Sele pitching for Angels. Alomar lined out to first. Lee singled to right. Thomas singled to right, Lee to third. Ordonez doubled to right, Lee scored, Thomas to third. Everett intentionally walked. Weber pitching for Angels. Konerko lined out to shortstop. Valentin flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Colon pitching for White Sox. Kennedy singled to right. Eckstein sacrificed to first, Kennedy to third. Figgins hit sacrifice fly to left center, Kennedy scored. Anderson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Weber pitching for Angels. Crede grounded out to shortstop. Olivo struck out swinging. Alomar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Colon pitching for White Sox. Salmon grounded out to shortstop. Spiezio doubled to right. Quinlan walked. Davanon walked, Spiezio to third, Quinlan to second. Molina singled to left, Spiezio and Quinlan scored, Davanon to second. Kennedy struck out swinging. Eckstein flied out to right center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Jones pitching for Angels. Lee fouled out to second. Thomas struck out swinging. Ordonez walked. Everett flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Colon pitching for White Sox. Figgins singled to right center. Anderson singled to right, Figgins to third. Figgins scored, Anderson to second on wild pitch by Colon. Salmon flied out to left. Spiezio popped out to third. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Quinlan grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Konerko singled to right center. Valentin singled to right, Konerko to second. Daubach hit for Olivo. Crede singled to left, Konerko to third, Valentin to second. Daubach hit sacrifice fly to deep right, Konerko scored, Valentin to third. Harris ran for Crede. Schoeneweis pitching for White Sox. Burke catching. Graffanino at third base. Alomar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Harris out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Schoeneweis pitching for White Sox. Davanon doubled to right. Molina singled to center, Davanon scored. Kennedy walked, Molina to second. Eckstein sacrificed to third, Molina to third, Kennedy to second. Figgins singled to right, Molina and Kennedy scored. Anderson singled to right center, Figgins to third. Koch pitching for White Sox. Salmon hit sacrifice fly to right, Figgins scored. Percival pitching for Angels. Spiezio popped out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Percival pitching for Angels. Lee singled to left center. Thomas homered to left center, Lee scored. Ordonez singled to right. Everett singled to center, Ordonez to third. Konerko singled to center, Ordonez scored, Everett to second. Valentin flied out to deep center, Everett to third. Graffanino hit by pitch, Konerko to second. Burke singled to center, Everett scored, Konerko to third, Graffanino to second. Alomar struck out looking. Lee popped out to shallow left. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 8 - Angels 10.	Percival, Angels survive close call against ChiSox