Angels - Top 1st. Figgins singled to shallow left. Figgins stole second. Owens lined into double play, pitcher to shortstop to third, Figgins doubled off second. Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop, Owens to third. Spiezio grounded into fielder's choice to second, Owens scored, Anderson out at second. Kennedy singled to right, Spiezio to third. Spiezio scored, Kennedy caught stealing second, catcher to second to first. Riggs batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Ellis popped out to shortstop. Durazo struck out looking. Chavez homered to left. Tejada fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Riggs struck out swinging. Delgado grounded out to pitcher. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hatteberg walked. Guillen struck out swinging. Hernandez homered to left, Hatteberg scored. Dye flied out to center. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Amezaga grounded out to catcher. Figgins grounded out to first. Owens singled to left. Anderson singled to left, Owens to second. Spiezio flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Ellis homered to left. Durazo grounded out to first. Chavez lined out to third. Tejada flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Kennedy flied out to left. Riggs popped out to shortstop. Delgado singled to shallow left. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to third, Delgado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Hatteberg walked. Guillen singled to left, Hatteberg to second. Hernandez flied out to left, Hatteberg out at third. Dye safe at first on error by third baseman Delgado, Guillen to second. Byrnes homered to left, Guillen and Dye scored. Ellis grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 5th. Amezaga grounded out to shortstop. Figgins grounded out to second. Owens walked. Glover pitching for Angels. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Durazo singled to right. Chavez homered to right, Durazo scored. Tejada fouled out to first. Hatteberg flied out to center. Guillen flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Spiezio singled to shallow center. Kennedy struck out swinging. Riggs walked, Spiezio to second. Sparks pitching for Athletics. Delgado walked, Spiezio to third, Riggs to second. Molina hit sacrifice fly to right, Spiezio scored. Amezaga grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Hernandez singled to left. Dye grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Hernandez out at second. Byrnes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Figgins doubled to deep right. Owens reached on infield single to shortstop, Figgins to third. Anderson grounded out to first, Owens to second. Spiezio grounded out to first, Figgins scored, Owens to third. Kennedy flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Ellis hit by pitch. Durazo flied out to center. Chavez walked, Ellis to second. Jones pitching for Angels. Tejada singled to left, Ellis scored, Chavez to second. Hatteberg walked, Chavez to third, Tejada to second. Guillen singled to shallow center, Chavez scored, Tejada to third, Hatteberg to second. Hernandez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Guillen out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Melhuse catching. Riggs grounded out to third. Durrington hit for Molina. Delgado struck out swinging. Quinlan at first base. Wesson in right field. Gregorio catching. Durrington at second base. Durrington flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Dye walked. Menechino hit for Ellis. Byrnes lined out to third. McMillon hit for Durazo. Menechino walked, Dye to second. McMillon homered to right, Dye and Menechino scored. Crosby hit for Tejada. Chavez grounded out to second. Menechino at second base. Crosby at shortstop. Neu pitching for Athletics. Crosby struck out looking. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Amezaga popped out to first. Figgins struck out swinging. Quinlan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 4 - Athletics 14.	Chavez, A's rock Angels with power display