Blue Jays - Top 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Johnson singled to center. Hudson grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Johnson out at second. Wells flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford struck out swinging. Gathright grounded out to second. Huff singled to center. Huff to second on balk by Towers. Lee safe at first on error by second baseman Hudson, Huff to third. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Koskie popped out to third. Hillenbrand singled to right. Menechino singled to center, Hillenbrand to second. Rios tripled to deep right, Hillenbrand and Menechino scored. Zaun grounded into fielder's choice to third. Adams bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rios out at home, Zaun to second. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Singleton struck out looking. Cantu singled to left. Hall popped out to second. Gonzalez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Koskie flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford inside-the-park home run to deep center. Gathright grounded out to second. Huff flied out to right. Lee flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Hillenbrand lined out to shortstop. Menechino grounded out to second. Rios flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Tampa Bay's Lugo ejected by Cuzzi in the 4th. Singleton struck out swinging. Green at third base. Gonzalez at shortstop. Cantu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Zaun popped out to second. Adams flied out to right. Johnson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Hall safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Koskie. Gonzalez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hall out at second. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Hudson singled to right center. Wells grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hudson out at second. Koskie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Gathright grounded out to pitcher. Huff singled to center. Lee grounded into double play, third to second to first, Huff out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Hillenbrand lined out to left. Menechino walked. Rios singled to left, Menechino to second. McDonald hit for Adams. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Zaun grounded into fielder's choice to third, Menechino out at third, Rios to second, Rios scored, Zaun to second on throwing error by third baseman Green. McDonald at shortstop. Frasor pitching for Devil Rays. McDonald flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Green walked. Singleton singled to right, Green to second. Cantu singled to deep right, Green to third, Singleton to second. Hall grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Green scored, Cantu out at second, Singleton to third. Gonzalez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Johnson singled to left. Hudson tripled to deep right center, Johnson scored. Wells struck out swinging. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Koskie singled to center, Hudson scored. Hinske hit for Menechino. Hillenbrand flied out to right. Schoeneweis pitching for Devil Rays. Hinske flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford tripled to deep center. Gathright reached on infield single to first. Huff doubled to deep center, Crawford and Gathright scored. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Lee walked. Green fouled out to first. Singleton singled to center, Huff scored, Lee to second. Cantu homered to left, Lee and Singleton scored. Hall flied out to right. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Rios flied out to left. Catalanotto hit for McDonald. Zaun walked. Gross hit for Johnson. Catalanotto walked, Zaun to second. Gross struck out swinging. Hudson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Devil Rays 8.	Big eighth inning lifts Devil Rays over Blue Jays