Devil Rays - Top 1st. Wright pitching for Yankees. Crawford grounded out to first. Lugo grounded out to first. Huff struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Bell pitching for Devil Rays. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Williams grounded out to first. Sheffield popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Wright pitching for Yankees. Lee grounded out to first. Cantu struck out swinging. Singleton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Bell pitching for Devil Rays. Matsui walked. Rodriguez homered to left, Matsui scored. Giambi doubled to deep right. Posada grounded out to first, Giambi to third. Martinez singled to right, Giambi scored, Martinez to second on error by right fielder Singleton. Womack singled to shallow right, Martinez to third. Jeter singled to right center, Martinez scored, Womack to third. Williams singled to right, Womack scored, Jeter to second. Sheffield singled to left center, Jeter scored, Williams to second. Matsui singled to right, Williams to third, Sheffield to second. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez doubled to deep left, Williams and Sheffield scored, Matsui to third. Giambi intentionally walked. Posada singled to right, Matsui scored, Rodriguez to third, Giambi to second. Martinez homered to right, Rodriguez, Giambi and Posada scored. Womack grounded out to shortstop. Jeter walked. Williams flied out to right. 13 Runs, 11 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Wright pitching for Yankees. Sanchez walked. Sanchez to second on wild pitch by Wright. Hall reached on infield single to pitcher, Sanchez to third. Green struck out swinging. Crawford singled to left, Sanchez scored, Hall to second. Lugo singled to right, Hall scored, Crawford to second. Huff grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lugo out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Sheffield walked. Matsui flied out to center. Rodriguez homered to left, Sheffield scored. Giambi hit by pitch. Posada popped out to shortstop. Martinez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Wright pitching for Yankees. Lee popped out to shortstop. Cantu singled to left. Singleton flied out to center. Sanchez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Womack flied out to center. Jeter grounded out to third. Williams singled to right. Sheffield flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Wright pitching for Yankees. Hall singled to left. Green struck out looking. Crawford singled to right, Hall to second. Lugo doubled to deep left, Hall scored, Crawford to third. Huff homered to right, Crawford and Lugo scored. Lee walked. Lee stole second. Cantu singled to left, Lee to third. Singleton singled to right center, Lee scored, Cantu to third. Sanchez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Singleton out at second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Matsui singled to center. Rodriguez flied out to center. Giambi struck out swinging. Posada flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Wright pitching for Yankees. Hall walked. Green popped out to second. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Crawford reached on infield single to third, Hall to second. Lugo singled to left, Hall to third, Crawford to second. Lee flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Martinez struck out looking. Womack grounded out to first. Jeter walked. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Williams singled to right, Jeter to second. Sheffield popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Cantu lined out to center. Singleton singled to center. Sanchez singled to center, Singleton to second. Hall flied out to right, Singleton to third. Green flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Matsui grounded out to second. Rodriguez doubled to deep right center. Giambi singled to center, Rodriguez scored. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Posada singled to center, Giambi to second. Martinez hit by pitch, Giambi to third, Posada to second. Womack struck out swinging. Jeter walked, Giambi scored, Posada to third, Martinez to second. Rodriguez pitching for Yankees. Williams grounded out to, Jeter tagged out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Yankees. Crawford struck out swinging. Lugo popped out to second. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Huff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Crosby ran for Sheffield. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Sheffield safe at first on error by third baseman Green. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crosby out at second. Rodriguez singled to left, Matsui to second. Giambi walked, Matsui to third, Rodriguez to second. Posada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matsui scored, Giambi out at second, Rodriguez to third. Martinez doubled to right, Rodriguez scored, Posada to third. Crosby in right field. Womack grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Yankees. Lee grounded out to second. Cantu grounded out to third. Singleton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 8 - Yankees 19.	Yankees rout D-Rays behind 13-run second inning