Devil Rays - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Royals. Sanchez struck out swinging. Lugo flied out to right. Crawford fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Berroa grounded out to shortstop. DeJesus grounded out to pitcher. Graffanino singled to right. Brown popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Huff flied out to center. Hollins struck out swinging. Cantu singled to center. Singleton singled to right, Cantu to third. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Diaz flied out to right. Long fouled out to catcher. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Green flied out to center. Sanchez singled to right. Lugo lined into double play, second to first, Sanchez doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Teahen singled to left. McEwing grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Teahen out at second. McEwing caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Berroa inside-the-park home run to deep center. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Crawford flied out to center. Huff lined out to left. Hollins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Graffanino reached on infield single to third. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Graffanino out at second. Diaz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Brown out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Cantu singled to left. Singleton sacrificed to third, Cantu to second. Johnson struck out swinging. Green fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Long struck out swinging. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Teahen singled to center. McEwing lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Sanchez struck out swinging. Lugo singled to center. Crawford walked, Lugo to second. Huff singled to center, Lugo scored, Crawford to second. Hollins struck out swinging. Cantu flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Berroa grounded out to second. DeJesus popped out to shortstop. Graffanino doubled to left, Graffanino out stretching at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Singleton struck out swinging. Johnson flied out to left. Green singled to left. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Sanchez singled to center, Green to second. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Brown walked. Diaz sacrificed to pitcher, Brown to second. Long singled to left center, Brown to third. Castillo tripled to right, Brown and Long scored. Teahen grounded out to shortstop. Castillo scored on Hendrickson's balk. McEwing singled to center. Berroa grounded into fielder's choice to third, McEwing out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Huff struck out looking. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Hollins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. DeJesus struck out swinging. Graffanino grounded out to shortstop. Burgos pitching for Royals. Brown flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Burgos pitching for Royals. Cantu flied out to left. Phelps hit for Johnson. Singleton struck out swinging. Phelps walked. Phelps to second on fielder's indifference. Green walked. Wood pitching for Royals. Sanchez struck out swinging, Sanchez safe at first on wild pitch by Burgos. Lugo singled to left, Phelps and Green scored, Sanchez to third. Crawford flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 3 - Royals 4.	Home cookin': Royals edge Rays to win first home series