Athletics - Top 1st. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Kotsay singled to left. Byrnes struck out swinging. Kendall fouled out to first. Kotsay to second on wild pitch by Kazmir. Kotsay picked off second. Chavez batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Crawford tripled to deep center. Lugo doubled to center, Crawford scored. Hollins reached on infield single to second, Lugo to third. Lee doubled to deep right, Lugo scored, Hollins to third. Phelps walked. Cantu doubled to deep center, Hollins and Lee scored, Phelps to third. Sanchez reached on infield single to second, Phelps scored, Cantu to third. Hall safe at first on error by third baseman Chavez, Sanchez to second. Reames pitching for Athletics. Green hit sacrifice fly to center, Cantu scored, Sanchez to third. Crawford homered to right center, Sanchez and Hall scored. Lugo popped out to second. Hollins homered to left. Lee flied out to left. 10 Runs, 8 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 2nd. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Chavez grounded out to second. Kielty singled to center. Hatteberg struck out swinging. Ellis singled to shallow right, Kielty to third, Ellis to second on throwing error by second baseman Green. Swisher flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Reames pitching for Athletics. Phelps singled to deep left. Cantu singled to right center, Phelps to third. Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to center, Phelps scored. Cantu to second on wild pitch by Reames. Hall fouled out to first. Green singled to center, Cantu scored. Crawford grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Scutaro fouled out to first. Kotsay struck out looking. Byrnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Reames pitching for Athletics. Lugo flied out to right. Hollins grounded out to second. Lee grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Kendall reached on infield single to third. Chavez grounded out to, Kendall out at second, Chavez to first. Kielty grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Reames pitching for Athletics. Phelps grounded out to shortstop. Cantu hit by pitch. Perez in right field. Sanchez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cantu out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Hatteberg flied out to right. Ellis walked. Swisher walked, Ellis to second. Scutaro singled to center, Ellis to third, Swisher to second. Kotsay singled to center, Ellis scored, Swisher to third, Scutaro to second. Byrnes popped out to shortstop. Kendall safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cantu, Swisher scored, Scutaro to third, Kotsay to second. Chavez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Reames pitching for Athletics. Hall flied out to right. Green doubled to deep center. Crawford struck out looking. Lugo doubled to deep right center, Green scored. Hollins walked. Lee walked, Lugo to third, Hollins to second. Phelps struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Kielty singled to left center. Hatteberg grounded out to first, Kielty to second. Ellis flied out to right, Kielty to third. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Thomas in center field. Swisher grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Cantu grounded out to third. Perez popped out to shortstop. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Hall flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Scutaro walked. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to second, Scutaro out at second. Melhuse hit for Kendall. Byrnes flied out to left. Melhuse catching. Harikkala pitching for Athletics. Melhuse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Harikkala pitching for Athletics. Green grounded out to second. Crawford lined out to left. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Lugo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Chavez struck out swinging. Kielty flied out to right. Hatteberg walked. Ellis walked, Hatteberg to second. Swisher walked, Hatteberg to third, Ellis to second. Scutaro singled to right, Hatteberg and Ellis scored, Swisher to second. Cruz pitching for Athletics. Thomas fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Cruz pitching for Athletics. Hollins singled to left center. Lee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hollins out at second. Phelps homered to left. Cantu struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Byrnes walked. Ginter hit for Chavez. Melhuse safe at first on error by third baseman Cantu, Byrnes to second. Ginter doubled to deep right center, Byrnes and Melhuse scored. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Kielty walked. Hatteberg struck out swinging. Ellis fouled out to catcher. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 6 - Devil Rays 14.	Devil Rays rip A's using 10 runs in first inning