Mariners - Top 1st. Waechter pitching for Devil Rays. Suzuki popped out to second. Winn grounded out to shortstop. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Crawford flied out to left. Green struck out swinging. Huff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Waechter pitching for Devil Rays. Sexson flied out to center. Ibanez struck out looking. Boone homered to left. Reed homered to right. Bloomquist struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Lee flied out to left. Phelps grounded out to second. Cantu singled to left center. Hollins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Waechter pitching for Devil Rays. Borders struck out swinging. Suzuki tripled to right. Winn singled to right, Suzuki scored. Winn caught stealing second, catcher to second. Beltre struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Johnson walked. Gonzalez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Johnson out at second. Crawford singled to left. Crawford to second on wild pitch by Pineiro. Green singled to left center, Crawford scored. Huff grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Green out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Waechter pitching for Devil Rays. Sexson doubled to deep center. Ibanez singled to center, Sexson to third. Boone grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sexson scored, Ibanez out at second. Reed grounded into fielder's choice to second, Boone out at second. Bloomquist popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Lee singled to center. Lee stole second. Phelps struck out swinging. Cantu doubled to deep left, Lee scored. Hollins doubled to deep left center, Cantu scored. Johnson grounded out to third. Gonzalez singled to left, Hollins scored, Gonzalez to second advancing on throw. Crawford singled to right, Gonzalez scored, Crawford thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Waechter pitching for Devil Rays. Borders struck out swinging. Suzuki popped out to second. Winn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Green singled to center. Huff lined out to center. Lee flied out to right. Green stole second. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Phelps singled to left, Green scored, Phelps to second advancing on throw. Cantu homered to left, Phelps scored. Hollins flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Waechter pitching for Devil Rays. Beltre flied out to right. Sexson lined out to left. Ibanez singled to center. Boone grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Johnson struck out swinging. Gonzalez walked. Crawford flied out to center, Gonzalez to second. Green grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Waechter pitching for Devil Rays. Reed flied out to left. Bloomquist doubled to right. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Borders singled to right, Bloomquist scored. Suzuki lined out to shortstop. Thornton pitching for Mariners. Winn flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Thornton pitching for Mariners. Huff walked. Lee grounded into double play, second to first, Huff out at second. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Phelps struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Beltre singled to center. Sexson singled to right, Beltre to second. Ibanez singled to right center, Beltre scored, Sexson to third. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Boone walked, Ibanez to second. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Dobbs hit for Bloomquist. Reed singled to right, Sexson and Ibanez scored, Boone to third. Hansen hit for Borders. Dobbs walked, Reed to second. Hansen hit sacrifice fly to center, Boone scored. Suzuki fouled out to left. Valdez at shortstop. Olivo catching. Nelson pitching for Mariners. Winn flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Nelson pitching for Mariners. Cantu flied out to left. Hollins walked. Sanchez hit for Gonzalez. Villone pitching for Mariners. Lugo hit for Sanchez. Johnson walked, Hollins to second. Hollins to third, Johnson to second on wild pitch by Villone. Lugo hit sacrifice fly to left, Hollins scored. Crawford hit by pitch. Green walked, Johnson to third, Crawford to second. Lugo at shortstop. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Huff lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Beltre grounded out to second. Sexson walked. Sexson to second on wild pitch by McClung. Ibanez intentionally walked. Boone grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ibanez out at second, Sexson to third. Reed doubled to deep right, Sexson scored, Boone to third. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Perez hit for Lee. Valdez popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Perez popped out to first. Phelps lined out to left. Cantu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 10 - Devil Rays 9.	Reed and weep: OF's big day lfits M's past Rays