Devil Rays - Top 1st. Wang pitching for Yankees. Crawford flied out to left. Lugo walked. Cantu homered to right, Lugo scored. Lee grounded out to pitcher. Gomes struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Jeter singled to right center. Williams homered to left, Jeter scored. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Matsui grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Munson singled to right center. Hollins grounded into double play, third to second to first, Munson out at second. Hall grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Posada flied out to right. Sierra popped out to shortstop. Giambi fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Green grounded out to second. Crawford popped out to second. Lugo doubled to center. Cantu homered to left, Lugo scored. Lee singled to center. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lee out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Cano singled to center. Jeter flied out to center. Williams doubled to left, Cano to third. Sheffield hit sacrifice fly to center, Cano scored. Rodriguez intentionally walked. Matsui singled to left, Williams scored, Rodriguez to second. Posada grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Munson flied out to left. Hollins flied out to left. Hall grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Sierra lined out to left. Giambi singled to left center. Cano singled to center, Giambi to second. Jeter grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cano out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Green doubled to right. Crawford grounded out to second, Green to third. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. Cantu safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Jeter, Green scored. Lee walked, Cantu to second. Gomes grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Williams lined out to shortstop. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Munson singled to right. Hollins grounded out to first, Munson to second. Hall hit by pitch. Green grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hall out at second, Munson to third. Crawford singled to center, Munson scored, Green to third. Lugo walked, Crawford to second. Cantu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crawford out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Matsui struck out swinging. Posada flied out to center. Stanton pitching for Yankees. Sierra grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Stanton pitching for Yankees. Lee grounded out to first. Gomes grounded out to second. Munson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Giambi flied out to left. Cano grounded out to first. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Hollins walked. Hall bunt popped out foul to first. Green struck out swinging. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Williams grounded out to shortstop. Sheffield grounded out to third. Rodriguez hit ground rule double to left. Matsui reached on infield single to second, Rodriguez to third. Womack ran for Matsui. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Womack stole second. Posada walked. Sierra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Lugo singled to center. Cantu doubled to deep left, Lugo to third. Lee intentionally walked. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lugo out at home, Cantu to third, Lee to second. Munson struck out swinging. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Hollins doubled to center, Cantu, Lee and Gomes scored. Hall fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Giambi reached on bunt single to third. Cano flied out to right. Jeter singled to center, Giambi to second. Williams grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jeter out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 9 - Yankees 4.	Devil Rays win their first series at Yankees in five years