Devil Rays - Top 1st. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Gathright singled to left. Gathright caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Crawford doubled to deep center. Lugo singled to right, Crawford scored. Cantu flied out to right. Huff grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to center. Rivera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Lee doubled to deep center. Gomes grounded out to second, Lee to third. Hall singled to shallow center, Lee scored. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Gathright grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Guerrero grounded out to third. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Molina doubled to deep right. Kotchman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Crawford flied out to center. Lugo singled to center. Cantu singled to left, Lugo to second. Lugo to third, Cantu to second on wild pitch by Bootcheck. Huff hit sacrifice fly to right, Lugo scored, Cantu to third. Lee grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Molina homered to center. Kennedy flied out to left. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Gomes singled to right. Hall grounded out to second, Gomes to second. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Gathright tripled to deep center, Gomes scored. Gregg pitching for Angels. Crawford doubled to center, Gathright scored. Lugo singled to left, Crawford scored. Cantu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lugo out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Rivera singled to left. Guerrero grounded out to pitcher, Rivera to second. Anderson grounded out to second, Rivera to third. Molina flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Huff grounded out to first. Lee grounded out to first. Gomes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Kotchman singled to center. Molina grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kotchman out at second. Kennedy safe at first on error by second baseman Cantu. Kennedy to second on wild pitch by Hendrickson. Figgins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Hall struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to right. Gathright grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Cabrera doubled to left. Rivera doubled to left, Cabrera scored. Guerrero hit ground rule double to deep right, Rivera scored. Orvella pitching for Devil Rays. Anderson reached on infield single to third, Guerrero to third. Molina hit sacrifice fly to right, Guerrero scored. Kotchman walked, Anderson to second. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Molina struck out swinging. Kennedy walked, Anderson to third, Kotchman to second. Figgins flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Crawford struck out swinging. Lugo struck out swinging. Borowski pitching for Devil Rays. Cantu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Borowski pitching for Devil Rays. Cabrera walked. Rivera flied out to left. Guerrero flied out to right. Anderson walked, Cabrera to second. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Huff grounded out to second. Lee struck out swinging. Gomes walked. Hall flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. DaVanon hit for Molina. Borowski pitching for Devil Rays. Kotchman grounded out to pitcher. DaVanon singled to center. DaVanon caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Paul catching. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Kennedy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Gonzalez fouled out to catcher. Gathright grounded out to second. Hollins in right field. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Crawford flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Figgins singled to right. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Figgins out at second. Izturis ran for Rivera. Rivera reached on infield single to third. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 6 - Angels 4.	Angels tied for first after loss to Rays