Red Sox - Top 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Damon doubled to deep right. Renteria grounded out to second, Damon to third. Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to center, Damon scored. Ramirez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Wells pitching for Red Sox. Lugo grounded out to third. Crawford singled to right. Cantu singled to center, Crawford to second. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cantu out at second, Crawford to third. Perez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Varitek safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lugo. Millar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Varitek out at second. Mueller grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Wells pitching for Red Sox. Huff lined out to center. Gonzalez grounded out to center. Hall reached on infield single to second, Gonzalez to second. Hollins flied out to left. Lugo walked, Gonzalez to third, Hall to second. Crawford grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Graffanino singled to center. Hyzdu singled to left, Graffanino to second. Damon flied out to right, Graffanino to third. Renteria hit sacrifice fly to center, Graffanino scored. Cora at second base. Ortiz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Wells pitching for Red Sox. Cantu grounded out to shortstop. Gomes reached on infield single to shortstop. Gomes to second on wild pitch by Wells. Perez singled to left, Gomes to third. Huff reached on infield single to first, Gomes scored, Perez to second. Gonzalez hit ground rule double to deep left, Perez scored, Huff to third. Hall hit sacrifice fly to center, Huff scored. Hollins singled to center, Gonzalez scored. Lugo singled to center, Hollins to second. Harville pitching for Red Sox. Crawford walked, Hollins to third, Lugo to second. Cantu fouled out to first. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Ramirez flied out to right. Varitek grounded out to shortstop. Millar walked. Mueller walked, Millar to second. Cora tripled to deep right center, Millar and Mueller scored. Hyzdu grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Harville pitching for Red Sox. Gomes doubled to center. Perez reached on infield single to shortstop, Gomes to third. Huff grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gomes scored, Perez out at second. Huff caught stealing second, catcher to second. Gonzalez flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Damon singled to right. Renteria flied out to left. Ortiz struck out swinging. Hansen pitching for Red Sox. Ramirez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Hansen pitching for Red Sox. Hall struck out swinging. Hollins popped out to shortstop. Lugo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Varitek walked. Millar grounded into double play, third to second to first, Varitek out at second. Mueller singled to right. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Cora grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Crawford doubled to center. Cantu homered to left, Crawford scored. Gomes struck out swinging. Perez struck out swinging. Huff flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Hyzdu singled to center. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hyzdu out at second. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Renteria singled to left, Damon to second. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Ortiz doubled to deep right center, Damon and Renteria scored. Ramirez struck out looking. Varitek walked. Bradford pitching for Red Sox. Millar flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Bradford pitching for Red Sox. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Lee hit for Hollins. Hall sacrificed to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Lee reached on infield single to second, Gonzalez to third. Gathright in center field. Lee at first base. Borowski pitching for Devil Rays. Lugo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lee out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Borowski pitching for Devil Rays. Mueller grounded out to first. Olerud hit for Hyzdu. Cora reached on infield single to second. Machado in right field. Olerud at first base. Olerud struck out swinging. Cora caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Bradford pitching for Red Sox. Crawford singled to left. Crawford stole second. Cantu grounded out to third, Crawford to third. Gomes safe at first on error by shortstop Renteria, Crawford scored. Myers pitching for Red Sox. Gathright struck out swinging. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Huff singled to left, Gomes thrown out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Damon grounded out to first. Renteria grounded out to third. Ortiz homered to right. Ramirez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 7 - Devil Rays 8.	BoSox lose AL East ground with loss to Hendrickson, Rays