Blue Jays - Top 1st . Nola pitching for Phillies . Bautista struck out looking . Donaldson singled to shallow center . Encarnación homered to left center ( 416 feet ) , Donaldson scored . Saunders homered to right ( 390 feet ) . Martin struck out looking . Pillar struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Herrera grounded out to pitcher . Galvis struck out looking . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Barney singled to right . Goins grounded out to second , Barney to second . Happ struck out looking . Bautista struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Joseph doubled to deep center . Rupp lined into double play , first to shortstop , Joseph doubled off second . Paredes walked . Goeddel grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Donaldson walked . Encarnación walked , Donaldson to second . Saunders lined out to center , Donaldson to third . Martin singled to left , Donaldson scored , Encarnación to second . Pillar singled to shallow left , Encarnación to third , Martin to second . Barney grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pillar out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Hernández lined out to right . Nola walked . Herrera lined out to left . Galvis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Goins doubled to deep right . Happ sacrificed to catcher , Goins to third , Happ safe at first on error by catcher Rupp . Goins to third on error by catcher Rupp . Bautista singled to shallow left , Goins scored , Happ to second . Donaldson walked , Happ to third , Bautista to second . Murray pitching for Phillies . Encarnación singled to left center , Happ and Bautista scored , Donaldson to second . Saunders struck out swinging . Martin safe at second on error by left fielder Goeddel , Donaldson scored , Encarnación to third . Pillar fouled out to first . Barney flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Franco grounded out to shortstop . Joseph flied out to right . Rupp flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Murray pitching for Phillies . Goins grounded out to pitcher . Happ singled to shallow right center . Bautista grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Happ out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Paredes grounded out to shortstop . Goeddel struck out looking . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Paredes in left field . Bailey pitching for Phillies . Bourjos in right field . Donaldson doubled to deep center . Encarnación struck out swinging . Saunders flied out to left . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Bourjos struck out swinging . Herrera singled to right . Galvis fouled out to left . Herrera to second on balk by Happ . Franco popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Bailey pitching for Phillies . Pillar homered to left ( 399 feet ) . Barney struck out looking . Goins struck out swinging . Happ struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Joseph safe at first on error by third baseman Donaldson . Rupp doubled to deep right , Joseph to third . Travis at second base . Barney at shortstop . Goins in right field . Paredes grounded out to third , Joseph scored . Blanco hit for Bailey . Blanco lined out to right . Hernández grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Travis homered to left ( 380 feet ) . Donaldson singled to right . Encarnación grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Donaldson out at second . Saunders flied out to center , Encarnación to third on throwing error by center fielder Herrera . Martin doubled to deep right , Encarnación scored . Pillar homered to left ( 379 feet ) , Martin scored . Barney singled to shallow left center . Barney to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Goins flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Burns at third base . Smoak at first base . Floyd pitching for Blue Jays . Bourjos doubled to deep center . Herrera singled to left center , Bourjos scored . Galvis flied out to center . Franco fouled out to catcher . Joseph struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Gómez pitching for Phillies . Burns grounded out to first . Travis grounded out to third . Smoak safe at first on error by second baseman Hernández . Thole hit for Floyd . Thole grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Thole catching . Biagini pitching for Blue Jays . Rupp grounded out to shortstop . Paredes flied out to center . Asche hit for Gómez . Asche flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 13 - Phillies 2 .	Happ , Pillar lead Blue Jays over Phillies 13 - 2