Phillies - Top 1st . Arthur Clemens pitching for Padres . Hernández struck out swinging . Herrera struck out swinging . Altherr grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Jankowski singled to left . Jankowski to second on wild pitch by Thompson . Myers walked . Solarte singled to center , Jankowski scored , Myers to second . Dickerson lined out to right . Blash struck out looking . Schimpf walked , Myers to third , Solarte to second . Bethancourt doubled to deep center , Myers , Solarte and Schimpf scored . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Arthur Clemens pitching for Padres . Franco grounded out to third . Howard homered to right center ( 410 feet ) . Rupp lined out to first . Asche flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Clemens grounded out to second . Jankowski grounded out to first . Myers grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Arthur Clemens pitching for Padres . Galvis flied out to center . Thompson grounded out to third . Hernández safe at first on error by first baseman Myers . Herrera hit by pitch , Hernández to second . Altherr popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Solarte lined out to shortstop . Dickerson singled to center . Blash flied out to left . Schimpf fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Arthur Clemens pitching for Padres . Franco singled to left . Howard doubled to deep right , Franco to third . Rupp safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ramírez , Franco scored . Asche grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rupp out at second , Howard to third . Galvis grounded out to second , Howard scored , Asche to second . Thompson reached on infield single to second , Asche to third . Hernández grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 4th . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Bethancourt hit ground rule double to deep right . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bethancourt out at third . Clemens bunted into double play , pitcher to shortstop to second , Ramírez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Arthur Clemens pitching for Padres . Herrera lined out to right . Baumann pitching for Padres . Altherr struck out swinging . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Jankowski doubled to left . Myers doubled to deep right , Jankowski scored . Solarte hit by pitch . Dickerson grounded out to first , Myers to third , Solarte to second . García pitching for Phillies . Blash walked . Schimpf hit sacrifice fly to right , Myers scored . Bethancourt grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Baumann pitching for Padres . Howard lined out to center . Rupp grounded out to third . Asche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for Phillies . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . Rosales hit for Baumann . Rosales singled to center . Jankowski singled to center , Rosales to second . Myers reached on infield single to shortstop , Rosales to third , Jankowski to second . Solarte singled to right , Rosales and Jankowski scored , Myers to second . Dickerson struck out looking . Blash struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Richard pitching for Padres . Galvis hit ground rule double to deep center . Featherston hit for García . Featherston struck out swinging . Hernández doubled to deep left , Galvis scored . Herrera safe at first on error by pitcher Richard . Hand pitching for Padres . Hernández caught stealing third , catcher to third . Altherr struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Schimpf popped out to shortstop . Bethancourt flied out to center . Ramírez singled to center . Wallace hit for Hand . Wallace struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Buchter pitching for Padres . Franco popped out to second . Joseph hit for Howard . Joseph popped out to second . Rupp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Joseph at first base . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Jankowski walked . Myers struck out looking . Solarte reached on infield single to second , Solarte out at first , Jankowski scored advancing on play . Dickerson doubled to deep right . Blash flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Maurer pitching for Padres . Asche doubled to right . Galvis struck out swinging . Paredes hit for Hernandez . Paredes homered to right center ( 420 feet ) , Asche scored . Hernández walked . Herrera flied out to center . Hernández to second on fielder 's indifference . Altherr doubled to deep center , Hernández scored . Franco grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 7 - Padres 9 .	Clemens dons ' Player ' jersey after uniform mishap