Padres - Top 1st . Day pitching for Rockies . Roberts walked . Roberts stole second . Barfield singled to left , Roberts scored . Barfield stole second . Giles walked . Castilla reached on infield single to shortstop , Barfield scored , Giles to second . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Giles to third , Castilla to second . Greene singled to center , Giles scored , Castilla to third . Bowen walked , Greene to second . Johnson singled to center , Castilla scored , Greene thrown out at home , Bowen to second . Park struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Sullivan doubled to right . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sullivan to third on error by shortstop Greene . Helton hit sacrifice fly to left , Sullivan scored . Atkins grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carroll out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 2nd . Day pitching for Rockies . Roberts reached on bunt single to first . Barfield flied out to left . Giles grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Roberts out at second . Castilla flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Holliday struck out looking . Hawpe walked . Smith singled to right , Hawpe to third . Ojeda grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Smith out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Day pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez singled to center . Greene walked , Gonzalez to second . Bowen singled to right , Gonzalez to third , Greene to second . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gonzalez scored , Bowen out at second , Greene to third . Park popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Day struck out swinging . Sullivan flied out to center . Carroll singled to center . Helton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Day pitching for Rockies . Roberts flied out to left . Barfield tripled to deep right . Giles singled to center , Barfield scored . Castilla singled to right , Giles to third . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Giles scored , Castilla to second . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Greene hit ground rule double to left , Castilla scored . Bowen grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Atkins flied out to right . Holliday popped out to second . Hawpe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Johnson struck out looking . Park grounded out to second . Roberts flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Smith popped out to second . Ojeda homered to left . Ramirez singled to right . Sullivan singled to right , Ramirez to second . Carroll singled to center , Ramirez to third , Sullivan to second . Helton flied out to right . Atkins flied out to right . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Barfield struck out swinging . Giles struck out swinging . Castilla singled to left . Gonzalez doubled to deep left , Castilla to third . Greene struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Holliday hit by pitch . Hawpe doubled to deep right , Holliday to third . Holliday scored , Hawpe to third on passed ball by Bowen . Smith grounded out to second , Hawpe scored . Freeman hit for Ramirez . Ojeda grounded out to third . Freeman singled to center . Martin pitching for Rockies . Sullivan lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Bowen singled to left . Johnson fouled out to first . Park sacrificed to catcher , Bowen to second . Roberts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Carroll popped out to third . Helton struck out swinging . Atkins lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Barfield struck out looking . Giles hit by pitch . Castilla doubled to deep right , Giles to third . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez doubled to right , Giles and Castilla scored . Greene walked . Bowen walked , Gonzalez to third , Greene to second . Blum hit for Park . Johnson doubled to deep left , Gonzalez , Greene and Bowen scored . Blum flied out to center . Brazelton pitching for Padres . Roberts struck out looking . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Brazelton pitching for Padres . Holliday grounded out to pitcher . Hawpe lined out to right . Smith grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Barfield singled to center . Giles singled to right , Barfield to second . Castilla flied out to center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Greene flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Marrero hit for Dohmann . Brazelton pitching for Padres . Ojeda grounded out to third . Marrero grounded out to third . Sullivan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 13 - Rockies 4 .	Padres rough up Rockies ' Day , pound out 21 hits in rout