Padres - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Roberts walked . Cameron grounded out to third , Roberts to second . Giles singled to center , Roberts scored . Piazza struck out swinging . Greene struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Suzuki safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Barfield . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Suzuki out at third . Ibanez flied out to left . Sexson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Bard lined out to right . Blum doubled to deep right center . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher , Blum to third . Barfield grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Everett singled to right . Beltre singled to center , Everett to second . Johjima singled to right center , Everett scored , Beltre to second . Reed singled to center , Beltre scored , Johjima to third . Betancourt reached on bunt single to pitcher , Johjima scored , Reed to second . Suzuki singled to center , Reed scored , Betancourt to third . Lopez popped out to second . Ibanez homered to center , Betancourt and Suzuki scored . Sexson struck out swinging . Everett homered to right center . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Roberts walked . Cameron fouled out to first . Giles walked , Roberts to second . Piazza singled to right , Roberts scored , Giles to third . Greene struck out swinging . Bard singled to right , Giles scored , Piazza to second . Blum flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Johjima lined out to second . Reed grounded out to second . Betancourt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez lined out to shortstop . Barfield grounded out to third . Roberts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Suzuki singled to right center . Lopez flied out to left . Ibanez flied out to left . Sexson hit by pitch , Suzuki to second . Everett fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Cameron grounded out to shortstop . Giles grounded out to shortstop . Piazza grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Beltre flied out to center . Johjima flied out to left . Reed fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Greene grounded out to third . Bard grounded out to second . Blum struck out swinging , Blum safe at first on wild pitch by Hernandez . Gonzalez singled to center , Blum to second . Blum to third , Gonzalez to second on passed ball by Johjima . Barfield doubled to center , Blum and Gonzalez scored . Roberts homered to right , Barfield scored . Cameron flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Betancourt singled to center . Suzuki reached on infield single to second , Betancourt to second . Lopez sacrificed to third , Betancourt to third , Suzuki to second . Ibanez intentionally walked . Adkins pitching for Padres . Sexson walked , Betancourt scored , Suzuki to third , Ibanez to second . Everett singled to right , Suzuki scored , Ibanez to third , Sexson to second . Beltre struck out swinging . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Johjima grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Everett out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Giles lined out to left . Piazza flied out to left . Greene grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Adkins pitching for Padres . Reed struck out swinging . Betancourt walked . Suzuki flied out to left . Lopez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Bard homered to right . Blum popped out to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Barfield struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Ibanez struck out swinging . Sexson grounded out to third . Putz pitching for Mariners . Everett grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Roberts grounded out to pitcher . Cameron flied out to right . Giles flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 8 - Mariners 10 .	M 's sweep Padres on strength of eight - run second