Padres - Top 1st . Patterson pitching for Nationals . Roberts singled to right . Cameron doubled to left , Roberts to third . Giles singled to right center , Roberts scored , Cameron to third . Bard walked , Giles to second . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Greene flied out to right . Bellhorn popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Hensley pitching for Padres . Soriano singled to left . Vidro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Soriano out at second . Zimmerman reached on bunt single to pitcher , Vidro to second . Johnson homered to right center , Vidro and Zimmerman scored . Guillen singled to right center . Escobar singled to right center , Guillen to second , Guillen to third on error by right fielder Giles . Bray pitching for Nationals . Clayton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Escobar out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 2nd . Bray pitching for Nationals . Barfield fouled out to first . Hensley struck out swinging . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Hensley pitching for Padres . Schneider singled to right . Bray struck out bunting foul . Soriano flied out to right . Vidro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Schneider out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Bray pitching for Nationals . Cameron grounded out to third . Giles doubled to left . Bard grounded out to shortstop , Giles to third . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Hensley pitching for Padres . Zimmerman grounded out to third . Johnson struck out swinging . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Guillen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Greene struck out swinging . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Barfield singled to center . Hensley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Hensley pitching for Padres . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop . Clayton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Escobar out at second . Schneider doubled to deep right . Rauch struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Roberts grounded out to first . Cameron struck out swinging . Giles hit ground rule double to deep center . Bard lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Hensley pitching for Padres . Soriano doubled to left . Vidro struck out swinging , Soriano to third on wild pitch by Hensley . Zimmerman doubled to left , Soriano scored . Johnson intentionally walked . Guillen struck out looking . Escobar homered to left , Zimmerman and Johnson scored . Clayton struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Greene singled to left . Bellhorn hit by pitch , Greene to second . Blum hit for Hensley . Barfield singled to center , Greene scored , Bellhorn to second . Blum doubled to deep right center , Bellhorn and Barfield scored . Roberts flied out to center . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Cameron singled to left , Blum scored , Cameron to second advancing on throw . Sikorski pitching for Padres . Giles grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Sikorski pitching for Padres . Schneider lined out to right . Stanton flied out to left . Soriano struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Bard flied out to right . Gonzalez walked . Gonzalez caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Greene singled to left . Bellhorn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Sikorski pitching for Padres . Vidro singled to left . Vidro to second on wild pitch by Sikorski . Zimmerman grounded out to second , Vidro to third . Meredith pitching for Padres . Johnson intentionally walked . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Fick in right field . Guillen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Bowen hit for Meredith . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Barfield doubled to deep center . Bowen struck out looking . Roberts tripled to deep right center , Barfield scored . Cameron struck out swinging . Cassidy pitching for Padres . Giles struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Cassidy pitching for Padres . Escobar doubled to deep right . Clayton sacrificed to pitcher , Escobar to third . Schneider homered to right , Escobar scored . Fick struck out looking . Byrd in right field . Soriano struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Bard doubled to deep center . Gonzalez doubled to deep center , Bard scored . Greene homered to left center , Gonzalez scored . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Piazza hit for Cassidy . Barfield flied out to left . Piazza homered to left . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Roberts walked . Cameron singled to left , Roberts to second . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Giles grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Vidro grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 10 - Nationals 9 .	Piazza 's pinch - hit HR caps Padres rally over Nats