Padres - Top 1st . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Roberts grounded out to second . Giles struck out looking . Gonzalez singled to center . Piazza doubled to deep center , Gonzalez scored . Branyan walked . Cameron tripled to deep right , Piazza and Branyan scored . Blum singled to right , Cameron scored . Barfield flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Peavy pitching for Padres . Furcal reached on bunt single to third . Lofton singled to center , Furcal to second . Garciaparra grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lofton out at second , Furcal to third . Kent doubled to deep center , Furcal scored . Drew struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Peavy struck out looking . Roberts struck out swinging . Giles singled to left center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Peavy pitching for Padres . Martin grounded out to pitcher . Anderson homered to right . Betemit grounded out to second . Penny struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Piazza grounded out to third . Branyan struck out swinging . Cameron singled to left . Cameron caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Blum batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Peavy pitching for Padres . Furcal homered to center . Lofton struck out looking . Garciaparra flied out to right . Kent doubled to deep center . Drew hit ground rule double to deep left , Kent scored . Martin lined out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Blum popped out to shortstop . Barfield safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Furcal . Peavy popped out to second . Barfield caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Roberts batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Anderson singled to right . Betemit struck out swinging , Anderson stole second . Penny lined out to shortstop . Furcal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Roberts struck out bunting foul . Giles flied out to right . Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop . Piazza walked , Gonzalez to second . Branyan walked , Gonzalez to third , Piazza to second . Cameron flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Lofton struck out swinging . Garciaparra doubled to deep right center . Kent grounded out to shortstop . Drew intentionally walked . Tomko pitching for Dodgers . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Garciaparra out at third , Drew to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Tomko pitching for Dodgers . Blum doubled to deep right . Sledge hit for Peavy . Barfield struck out swinging . Sledge grounded out to second , Blum to third . Embree pitching for Padres . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Embree pitching for Padres . Anderson singled to right . Robles hit for Tomko . Betemit walked , Anderson to second . Meredith pitching for Padres . Robles sacrificed into fielder 's choice to third , Anderson to third , Betemit to second . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Anderson out at home , Betemit to third , Robles to second . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Lofton grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Betemit out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Giles safe at first on error by third baseman Betemit . Gonzalez sacrificed to first , Giles to second . Greene ran for Piazza . Bard hit for Branyan . Piazza intentionally walked . Alexander at third base . Bard catching . Bard grounded into double play , third to second to first , Greene out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Meredith pitching for Padres . Garciaparra lined out to left . Kent singled to center . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kent out at second . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Martin grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Cameron lined out to right . Blum walked . Walker hit for Meredith . Barfield doubled to deep right center , Blum scored , Barfield to third advancing on throw . Walker singled to center , Barfield scored . Roberts struck out swinging , Walker stole second . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Giles flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Anderson tripled to deep right . Saenz hit for Broxton . Betemit singled to center , Anderson scored . Lugo ran for Betemit . Saenz struck out swinging . Furcal flied out to left . Lofton doubled to right , Lugo to third . Lugo at third base . Saito pitching for Dodgers . Garciaparra struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Saito pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez singled to left . Alexander sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Bard doubled to deep center , Gonzalez to third . Cameron intentionally walked . Gonzalez scored , Bard to third , Cameron to second on wild pitch by Saito . Blum hit sacrifice fly to center , Bard scored , Cameron to third . Cust hit for Linebrink . Barfield singled to right , Cameron scored . Adkins pitching for Padres . Cust grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Adkins pitching for Padres . Kent homered to center . Hoffman pitching for Padres . Drew homered to right . Martin homered to left . Anderson homered to right . Ethier hit for Saito . Lugo flied out to center . Ethier popped out to shortstop . Sele pitching for Dodgers . Furcal flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 10th . Sele pitching for Dodgers . Roberts lined out to center . Giles doubled to deep left . McAnulty hit for Alexander . Gonzalez intentionally walked . McAnulty flied out to center . Bard singled to right , Giles scored , Gonzalez to third . Cameron walked , Bard to second . Seanez pitching for Padres . Bellhorn at third base . Blum flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 10th . Seanez pitching for Padres . Lofton walked . Garciaparra homered to left , Lofton scored . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 10 - Dodgers 11 .	Dodgers hit four HRs in 9th , Nomar beats Padres in 10th