Padres - Top 1st . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Roberts safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Vizcaino . Giles grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Roberts out at second . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Thompson pitching for Padres . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Duncan homered to center . Pujols flied out to right . Rolen grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Piazza grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez doubled to deep right . Cameron singled to left , Gonzalez to third . Blum singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Cameron to second . Barfield singled to right , Cameron scored , Blum to third . Thompson bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Barfield out at second . Roberts reached first base on catcher 's interference , Thompson to second . Roberts batting . Giles doubled to deep center , Blum , Thompson and Roberts scored . Walker walked . Piazza popped out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Thompson pitching for Padres . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Vizcaino reached on infield single to third . Molina reached on infield single to shortstop , Vizcaino to second . Suppan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez walked . Cameron lined into double play , third to first , Gonzalez doubled off first . Blum grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Thompson pitching for Padres . Wilson singled to left . Duncan singled to right , Wilson to third . Pujols singled to center , Wilson scored , Duncan to second . Rolen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pujols out at second , Duncan to third . Encarnacion grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Barfield struck out swinging . Thompson struck out swinging . Roberts singled to center . Roberts to second on wild pitch by Suppan . Giles walked . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Roberts stole third . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Alexander at third base . Thompson pitching for Padres . Belliard safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Alexander . Vizcaino singled to right , Belliard to third . Edmonds hit for Johnson . Molina fouled out to first . Adkins pitching for Padres . Edmonds homered to right center , Belliard and Vizcaino scored . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Kinney pitching for Cardinals . Duncan grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 5th . Kinney pitching for Cardinals . Piazza struck out swinging . Gonzalez walked . Cameron flied out to left . Blum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Adkins pitching for Padres . Pujols lined out to third . Rolen grounded out to second . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . McAnulty hit for Adkins . Kinney pitching for Cardinals . Barfield grounded out to shortstop . McAnulty struck out looking . Cassidy pitching for Padres . Roberts flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Cassidy pitching for Padres . Belliard struck out swinging . Nelson ran for Vizcaino . Vizcaino walked . Miles hit for Kinney . Molina struck out swinging . Miles singled to center , Nelson to third . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Miles at shortstop . Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Giles hit ground rule double to left . Alexander sacrificed to catcher , Giles to third . Piazza singled to left , Giles scored . Greene ran for Piazza . Embree pitching for Padres . Bowen catching . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Greene out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Embree pitching for Padres . Duncan struck out looking . Pujols struck out swinging . Rolen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Cameron popped out to second . Blum grounded out to second . Barfield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Spiezio hit for Belliard . Meredith pitching for Padres . Encarnacion grounded out to second . Rodriguez hit for Thompson . Spiezio grounded out to first . Schumaker hit for Molina . Rodriguez singled to center . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Spiezio at second base . Bennett catching . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Schumaker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Bowen singled to center . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bowen out at second . Roberts stole second . Branyan hit for Alexander . Giles intentionally walked . Branyan flied out to center . Branyan at third base . Linebrink singled to left , Roberts thrown out at home , Giles to second , Giles to third advancing on throw . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Miles singled to center . Wilson struck out swinging . Duncan struck out swinging . Pujols walked , Miles to second . Rolen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 6 - Cardinals 5 .	Piazza delivery : Single lifts Padres past flopping Cards