Padres - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Roberts struck out looking . Giles singled to center . Gonzalez singled to center , Giles to second . Bard walked , Giles to third , Gonzalez to second . Branyan walked , Giles scored , Gonzalez to third , Bard to second . Cameron grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gonzalez scored , Branyan out at second , Bard to third . Cameron stole second . Blum walked . Barfield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blum out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Padres . Eckstein grounded out to second . Wilson singled to right . Pujols grounded out to third , Wilson to second . Edmonds hit by pitch . Encarnacion walked , Wilson to third , Edmonds to second . Belliard singled to center , Wilson and Edmonds scored , Encarnacion to third , Belliard out stretching at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Williams flied out to right . Roberts grounded out to catcher . Giles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Padres . Spiezio popped out to third . Molina doubled to deep right center . Carpenter struck out looking . Eckstein flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez lined out to first . Bard grounded out to second . Branyan singled to right . Cameron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Padres . Wilson popped out to second . Pujols flied out to right . Edmonds singled to center . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Edmonds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Blum grounded out to second . Barfield flied out to center . Williams grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Padres . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Spiezio grounded out to first . Molina fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Roberts singled to left . Roberts caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Giles struck out looking . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Padres . Carpenter grounded out to third . Eckstein popped out to second . Wilson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Bard singled to left . Branyan struck out looking . Cameron struck out swinging . Blum popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Padres . Pujols walked . Edmonds flied out to left . Meredith pitching for Padres . Greene at shortstop . Encarnacion tripled to deep right , Pujols scored . Belliard hit by pitch . Spiezio singled to center , Encarnacion scored , Belliard to second . Molina singled to right , Belliard to third , Spiezio to second . Carpenter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Belliard scored on throwing error by third baseman Branyan , Spiezio to third , Molina to second . Eckstein sacrificed to catcher , Spiezio scored , Molina to third , Carpenter to second . Wilson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 7th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Barfield grounded out to shortstop . Greene lined out to right . Roberts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Meredith pitching for Padres . Pujols struck out swinging . Edmonds grounded out to second . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Giles singled to right . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez singled to center , Giles to third . Piazza hit for Branyan . Kinney pitching for Cardinals . Bard struck out swinging . Bellhorn at third base . Hensley pitching for Padres . Piazza grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Hensley pitching for Padres . Belliard grounded out to third . Spiezio grounded out to first . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Klesko hit for Hensley . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Cameron struck out looking . Klesko doubled to deep center . Barfield singled to center , Klesko to third . Greene struck out looking . Barfield to second on fielder 's indifference . Roberts grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 2 - Cardinals 6 .	For second straight year , Cards eliminate Padres in NLDS