Marlins - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Pirates. Gordon grounded out to first. Stanton hit by pitch. Suzuki ran for Stanton. Yelich singled to center, Suzuki to second. Ozuna doubled to left, Suzuki and Yelich scored. Realmuto doubled to left, Ozuna scored. Dietrich grounded out to second, Realmuto to third. Moore grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Suzuki in right field. Straily pitching for Marlins. Frazier struck out looking. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. Polanco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Riddle struck out swinging. Straily grounded out to second. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Straily pitching for Marlins. Freese struck out swinging. Bell tripled to deep center. McCutchen doubled to deep left center, Bell scored. Díaz reached on infield single to second, McCutchen to third. Mercer flied out to right. Williams flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Yelich struck out swinging. Suzuki caught stealing second. Ozuna grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Straily pitching for Marlins. Frazier singled to left. Harrison grounded out to catcher, Frazier to second. Polanco struck out swinging. Freese hit by pitch. Bell singled to left, Frazier scored, Freese to second. McCutchen doubled to deep left, Freese scored, Bell tagged out at home. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Realmuto homered to center (442 feet). Dietrich homered to right center (400 feet). Moore safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Freese. Riddle fouled out to left. Straily bunt grounded out to catcher, Moore to second. Gordon grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Straily pitching for Marlins. Díaz singled to left. Mercer singled to center, Díaz to third. Osuna grounded into double play, shortstop to second to shortstop to first, Díaz scored, Mercer out at second. Frazier safe at first on error by second baseman Gordon. Harrison walked, Frazier to second. Frazier to third on wild pitch by Straily. Polanco lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 5th. Santana pitching for Pirates. Suzuki grounded out to first. Yelich struck out swinging. Ozuna doubled to left. Realmuto doubled to left, Ozuna scored. Dietrich reached on infield single to second, Realmuto to third. Moore struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Straily pitching for Marlins. Freese grounded out to second. Bell singled to left center. McCutchen struck out swinging. Díaz singled to center, Bell to second. Mercer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Marinez pitching for Pirates. Riddle walked. Worley sacrificed to catcher, Riddle to second. Gordon grounded out to pitcher, Riddle to third. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Ziegler pitching for Marlins. Gosselin grounded out to catcher. Frazier grounded out to pitcher. Harrison singled to left. Polanco singled to right, Harrison to second. Freese struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Hudson pitching for Pirates. Yelich grounded out to pitcher. Ozuna struck out swinging. Realmuto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Bell struck out swinging. McCutchen reached on infield single to third. Díaz walked, McCutchen to second. Mercer tripled to deep center, McCutchen and Díaz scored. Jaso hit ground-rule double to deep right, Mercer scored. Frazier grounded out to first, Jaso to third. Harrison grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Nicasio pitching for Pirates. Dietrich struck out swinging. Moore reached on infield single to shortstop. Riddle struck out swinging. Telis singled to right, Moore to second. Rivero pitching for Pirates. Gordon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Garcia pitching for Marlins. Polanco flied out to left. Freese grounded out to shortstop. Bell lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Vazquez pitching for Pirates. Suzuki struck out swinging. Yelich struck out swinging. Ozuna grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 6 - Pirates 7.	Pirates break through late to beat Marlins 7-6