Pirates - Top 1st. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Frazier grounded out to first. Harrison flied out to left. Jaso grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Carpenter singled to center. Pham grounded into double play, third to second to first, Carpenter out at second. Piscotty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Freese flied out to center. Bell walked. McCutchen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bell out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Grichuk reached on infield single to shortstop. Molina singled to center, Grichuk to second. Díaz reached on infield single to shortstop, Grichuk to third, Molina to second. DeJong fouled out to catcher. Garcia singled to center, Grichuk and Molina scored, Díaz to third. Leake struck out bunting foul. Carpenter grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Mercer walked. Díaz doubled to deep right, Mercer to third. Kuhl struck out swinging. Frazier tripled to right, Mercer and Díaz scored. Harrison hit sacrifice fly to center, Frazier scored. Jaso doubled to deep center. Freese grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Pham struck out swinging. Piscotty grounded out to second. Grichuk grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Bell grounded out to second. McCutchen singled to center. Mercer reached on infield single to shortstop, McCutchen to second, McCutchen to third, Mercer to second on throwing error by shortstop Díaz. Díaz hit sacrifice fly to center, McCutchen scored. Kuhl lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Molina struck out swinging. Díaz struck out swinging. DeJong lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Frazier flied out to left. Harrison grounded out to pitcher. Jaso singled to center. Freese lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Garcia grounded out to second. Leake singled to left. Carpenter walked, Leake to second. Pham struck out swinging. Piscotty flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Bell grounded out to second. McCutchen struck out swinging. Mercer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Grichuk homered to left (478 feet). Molina doubled to center. Watson pitching for Pirates. Díaz sacrificed to catcher, Molina to third. DeJong struck out swinging. Gyorko doubled to deep right center, Molina scored. Martínez intentionally walked. Carpenter flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Díaz singled to left. Polanco hit for Watson. Polanco grounded out to second, Díaz to second. Frazier grounded out to first, Díaz to third. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Harrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Nicasio pitching for Pirates. Pham walked. Piscotty walked, Pham to second. Grichuk struck out swinging. Molina singled to right, Pham scored, Piscotty to third. Díaz safe at first on error by shortstop Mercer, Piscotty scored, Molina to second. Mariñez pitching for Pirates. Molina to third, Díaz to second on wild pitch by Mariñez. DeJong singled to left, Molina and Díaz scored. Gyorko lined out to left. Voit hit for Rosenthal. Voit hit by pitch, DeJong to second. Carpenter grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 8th. Cecil pitching for Cardinals. Jaso grounded out to first. Freese grounded out to second. Bell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Santana pitching for Pirates. Pham grounded out to third. Piscotty struck out swinging. Grichuk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Oh pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen lined out to center. Mercer grounded out to third. Díaz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Cardinals 8.	Grichuk homers in return, helps Cardinals top Pirates 8-4