Tigers - Top 1st. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Polanco singled to left. Sheffield homered to left, Polanco scored. Ordonez doubled to deep center. Guillen singled to center, Ordonez to third. Thames singled to right center, Ordonez scored, Guillen to second. Guillen stole third. Infante grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Thames out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Dukes flied out to left. Upton grounded out to third. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Monroe singled to left. Inge hit by pitch, Monroe to second. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez singled to left, Monroe to third, Inge to second. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Monroe scored, Rodriguez out at second, Inge to third, Inge scored, Polanco to second on throwing error by shortstop Harris. Polanco to third on wild pitch by Corcoran. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Norton flied out to right. Pena grounded out to second. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Guillen flied out to center. Thames lined out to left. Infante flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Iwamura grounded out to second. Navarro grounded out to first. Harris doubled to left. Dukes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Monroe grounded out to shortstop. Inge flied out to right. Rodriguez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Upton struck out looking. Crawford safe at first on error by first baseman Thames. Norton singled to right center, Crawford to third. Pena hit sacrifice fly to center, Crawford scored. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Norton out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 5th. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Polanco singled to left. Sheffield singled to center, Polanco to second. Ordonez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sheffield out at second, Polanco to third. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Iwamura grounded out to second. Navarro grounded out to first. Harris grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Granderson ran for Thames. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Thames singled to left. Infante singled to right center, Granderson to second. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Monroe singled to left, Granderson to third, Infante to second. Inge singled to left, Granderson and Infante scored, Monroe to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Monroe out at third, Inge to second. Polanco flied out to left. Sheffield homered to left, Inge and Rodriguez scored. Granderson in center field. Casey at first base. Ordonez flied out to left. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Dukes struck out swinging. Upton doubled to deep left. Crawford struck out swinging. Upton to third on balk by Bonderman. Upton scored on Bonderman's wild pitch. Ryu pitching for Devil Rays. Norton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Ryu pitching for Devil Rays. Guillen popped out to shortstop. Granderson tripled to deep right. Casey singled to right, Granderson scored. Casey to second on wild pitch by Ryu. Monroe struck out swinging. Inge walked. Rodriguez doubled to deep center, Casey scored, Inge to third. Polanco lined out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Pena struck out looking. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Young singled to left center. Iwamura flied out to right. Wilson at third base. Seo pitching for Devil Rays. Navarro lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Seo pitching for Devil Rays. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Ordonez singled to center. Guillen struck out looking. Granderson singled to right, Ordonez thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Harris struck out swinging. Dukes walked. Upton struck out swinging. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Seo pitching for Devil Rays. Casey struck out swinging. Monroe doubled to deep left. Inge grounded out to third. Rodriguez homered to right center, Monroe scored. Polanco singled to center. Sheffield grounded into fielder's choice to third, Polanco out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Cantu hit for Pena. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Norton grounded out to shortstop. Cantu walked. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cantu out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 14 - Devil Rays 2.	Sheffield's 5 RBIs drop Rays