Tigers - Top 1st. Sowers pitching for Indians. Infante doubled to deep center. Polanco grounded out to first, Infante to third. Sheffield homered to left, Infante scored. Ordonez walked. Thames grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ordonez out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Sizemore struck out swinging. Peralta doubled to deep right. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez homered to center, Peralta scored. Nixon walked. Garko popped out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Sowers pitching for Indians. Rodriguez singled to right. Monroe doubled to left, Rodriguez to third. Perez grounded out to shortstop, Rodriguez scored, Monroe to third. Granderson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Monroe out at home, Granderson to second. Infante grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Dellucci grounded out to shortstop. Barfield flied out to center. Rouse struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Sowers pitching for Indians. Polanco grounded out to second. Sheffield popped out to second. Ordonez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Sizemore grounded out to first. Peralta popped out to second. Hafner walked. Martinez safe at first on error by shortstop Perez, Hafner to second. Nixon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 4th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Thames grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez singled to center. Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Sowers. Monroe doubled to left, Rodriguez scored. Perez flied out to center, Monroe to third. Granderson singled to right, Monroe scored. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to second, Granderson out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Garko grounded out to third. Dellucci grounded out to second. Mastny pitching for Indians. Barfield flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Mastny pitching for Indians. Polanco doubled to deep right. Sheffield walked. Ordonez walked, Polanco to third, Sheffield to second. Thames singled to left, Polanco and Sheffield scored, Ordonez to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thames out at second, Ordonez to third. Monroe struck out swinging. Casey at first base. Perez struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Rouse grounded out to second. Sizemore flied out to center. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Granderson fouled out to first. Infante struck out swinging. Polanco walked. Sheffield grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez flied out to right. Nixon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Ordonez grounded out to first. Casey grounded out to second. Rodriguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Garko grounded out to pitcher. Dellucci singled to right. Barfield singled to left, Dellucci to second. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Rouse grounded out to shortstop, Dellucci to third, Barfield to second. Sizemore walked. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Peralta flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Monroe struck out swinging. Perez fouled out to third. Granderson singled to right. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Granderson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Hafner flied out to center. Martinez singled to left center. Nixon singled to center, Martinez to second. Michaels hit for Dellucci. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Garko struck out looking. Michaels in left field. Borowski pitching for Indians. Michaels flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Borowski pitching for Indians. Polanco singled to center. Sheffield reached on infield single to shortstop, Polanco to second. Ordonez singled to left, Polanco to third, Sheffield to second. Casey singled to center, Polanco and Sheffield scored, Ordonez to second. Rodriguez flied out to left. Monroe flied out to center. Perez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Barfield grounded out to third. Gutierrez hit for Sizemore. Rouse struck out swinging. Gutierrez singled to left. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gutierrez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 9 - Indians 2.	Bonderman still rolling for Tigers