Royals - Top 1st. Rogers pitching for Tigers. German grounded out to second. Grudzielanek reached on infield single to shortstop. Teahen singled to center, Grudzielanek to third. Butler grounded out to second, Grudzielanek scored, Teahen to second. Sanders grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Meche pitching for Royals. Granderson popped out to shortstop. Polanco flied out to right. Sheffield homered to left. Ordonez lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Brown grounded out to third. Gordon flied out to right. Buck grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Meche pitching for Royals. Guillen doubled to deep center. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Casey struck out swinging. Inge grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Pena struck out looking. German singled to right. Grudzielanek singled to right, German to second. Teahen walked, German to third, Grudzielanek to second. Butler singled to center, German and Grudzielanek scored, Teahen to third, Teahen scored, Butler to second on throwing error by center fielder Granderson. Sanders struck out swinging. Brown grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Meche pitching for Royals. Perez grounded out to third. Granderson grounded out to third. Polanco grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Gordon struck out swinging. Buck safe at first on error by shortstop Guillen. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to third, Buck out at second. German grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Meche pitching for Royals. Sheffield grounded out to pitcher. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Grudzielanek flied out to center. Teahen flied out to right. Butler singled to center. Sanders grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Meche pitching for Royals. Rodriguez lined out to left. Casey singled to right. Inge struck out looking. Perez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Brown flied out to center. Gordon doubled to deep right center. Buck struck out looking. Pena grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Meche pitching for Royals. Granderson singled to center. Polanco grounded out to shortstop, Granderson to second. Sheffield popped out to first. Ordonez singled to left, Granderson scored, Ordonez to second on throwing error by left fielder Brown. Guillen grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 7th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. German doubled to center. Grudzielanek doubled to deep right, German scored. Teahen grounded out to first, Grudzielanek to third. Capellan pitching for Tigers. Butler singled to right, Grudzielanek scored. Sanders struck out swinging. Brown flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Teahen in right field. DeJesus in center field. Meche pitching for Royals. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Casey grounded out to third. Inge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Capellan pitching for Tigers. Gordon flied out to left. Buck flied out to center. Pena singled to center. German grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Perez flied out to center. Granderson flied out to left. Polanco lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Capellan pitching for Tigers. Grudzielanek singled to left. Teahen singled to left, Grudzielanek to second. Butler singled to left, Grudzielanek to third, Teahen to second. DeJesus singled to left, Grudzielanek and Teahen scored, Butler to third, Butler scored, DeJesus to third on throwing error by left fielder Perez. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Brown grounded out to shortstop, DeJesus scored. Gordon struck out looking. Buck grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Braun pitching for Royals. Sheffield grounded out to third. Ordonez grounded out to second. Guillen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 10 - Tigers 2.	Butler, Royals come out swinging to defeat Tigers