Tigers - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Granderson homered to right. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Sheffield struck out looking. Ordonez singled to center. Guillen lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Tigers. Owens grounded out to first. Iguchi singled to left. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez flied out to center. Monroe flied out to right. Hessman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Tigers. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. Dye singled to right. Fields homered to right center, Dye scored. Uribe popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez reached on infield single to second. Owens grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Inge doubled to right. Granderson singled to center, Inge scored. Polanco singled to right, Granderson to second. Sheffield grounded out to pitcher, Granderson to third, Polanco to second. Ordonez struck out swinging. Guillen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Tigers. Iguchi struck out swinging. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko walked. Pierzynski doubled to left, Konerko to third. Dye walked. Fields struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez lined out to center. Monroe singled to center. Hessman singled to left, Monroe to second. Inge singled to center, Monroe to third, Hessman to second. Granderson hit ground rule double to deep center, Monroe and Hessman scored, Inge to third. Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop, Inge scored, Granderson out at second. Sheffield flied out to left. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Tigers. Uribe singled to right. Gonzalez singled to left, Uribe to second. Owens grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second, Uribe to third. Iguchi walked, Owens to second. Thome grounded out to first, Uribe scored, Owens to third, Iguchi to second. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Ordonez lined out to center. Guillen walked. Rodriguez singled to left, Guillen to second. Monroe grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Tigers. Pierzynski reached on infield single to second. Dye doubled to deep left center, Pierzynski scored. Fields struck out swinging. Uribe struck out swinging. Gonzalez walked. Owens reached on infield single to shortstop, Dye to third, Gonzalez to second. Iguchi walked, Dye scored, Gonzalez to third, Owens to second. McBride pitching for Tigers. Thome struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Hessman struck out swinging. Inge lined out to center. Granderson walked. Polanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. McBride pitching for Tigers. Konerko flied out to center. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop. Dye walked. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Fields walked, Dye to second. Uribe walked, Dye to third, Fields to second. Mackowiak hit for Gonzalez. Mackowiak hit by pitch, Dye scored, Fields to third, Uribe to second. Owens grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Mackowiak in left field. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Sheffield flied out to left. Ordonez singled to center. Guillen singled to left, Ordonez to second. Rodriguez singled to right, Ordonez to third, Guillen to second. Wassermann pitching for White Sox. Casey hit for Monroe. Casey popped out to shortstop. Hessman singled to right, Ordonez and Guillen scored, Rodriguez to third. Rodriguez out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Inge batting. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Casey at first base. Raburn in left field. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Iguchi grounded out to third. Thome flied out to center. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Wassermann pitching for White Sox. Inge grounded out to first. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Granderson hit by pitch. Polanco doubled to right, Granderson to third. Bukvich pitching for White Sox. Sheffield hit sacrifice fly to left, Granderson scored. Ordonez singled to right center, Polanco scored. Guillen grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Seay pitching for Tigers. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Miner pitching for Tigers. Dye lined out to third. Fields singled to left. Uribe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Owens in left field. Terrero in center field. Day pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez reached on infield single to second. Casey grounded out to shortstop, Rodriguez to second. Raburn grounded out to third. Inge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Jones pitching for Tigers. Cintron hit for Terrero. Cintron flied out to center. Owens struck out looking. Iguchi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 9 - White Sox 6.	Tigers extend division lead on 14 hits off Buerhle