White Sox - Top 1st. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Owens grounded out to first. Fields singled to left. Thome walked, Fields to second. Fields to third, Thome to second on wild pitch by Bonderman. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fields out at home. Pierzynski singled to right, Thome scored, Konerko to third. Dye doubled to deep center, Konerko and Pierzynski scored. Podsednik singled to left, Dye scored, Podsednik thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Granderson fouled out to right. Polanco flied out to right. Casey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Uribe safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Guillen. Richar grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Uribe out at second. Owens grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Ordonez grounded out to pitcher. Guillen fouled out to third. Rodriguez tripled to deep right. Hessman walked. Monroe singled to right, Rodriguez scored, Hessman to third. Inge singled to left, Hessman scored, Monroe to second. Granderson batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Fields grounded out to shortstop. Thome homered to right. Konerko struck out swinging. Pierzynski homered to right. Dye struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Polanco homered to left. Casey flied out to center. Ordonez struck out swinging. Guillen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Podsednik grounded out to second. Uribe flied out to left. Richar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez flied out to right. Hessman walked. Monroe grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hessman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Owens singled to left. Fields grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Owens out at second. Thome struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Inge popped out to second. Granderson reached on infield single to first. Polanco flied out to right. Casey singled to right center, Granderson to third. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Casey out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Konerko singled to left. Pierzynski flied out to center. Dye singled to left, Konerko to second. Podsednik grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dye out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Guillen grounded out to first. Rodriguez flied out to center. Hessman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Uribe popped out to second. Richar reached on bunt single to third. Owens grounded into double play, second to first, Richar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Monroe struck out looking. Inge struck out swinging. Granderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Fields struck out swinging. Thome singled to right. Konerko singled to right, Thome to third. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Thome scored, Konerko to second on wild pitch by Grilli. Dye struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Polanco singled to right. Casey doubled to deep center, Polanco scored. Ordonez grounded out to second, Casey to third. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Guillen hit sacrifice fly to center, Casey scored. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Guillen hit sacrifice fly to center, Casey scored. Wassermann pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Seay pitching for Tigers. Podsednik flied out to center. Uribe struck out swinging. Richar walked. Richar caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Owens batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Hessman popped out to first. Monroe flied out to center. Inge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 7 - Tigers 5.	Thome, Pierzynski blasts solo shots, down Tigers