Giants - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Winn safe at first on error by shortstop Drew. Winn stole second. Vizquel sacrificed to pitcher, Winn to third. Aurilia singled to left, Winn scored. Durham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Aurilia out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Morris pitching for Giants. Young flied out to left. Drew singled to center. Hudson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Drew out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Feliz lined out to shortstop. Niekro struck out looking. Linden struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Morris pitching for Giants. Tracy doubled to right. Jackson hit by pitch. Hairston walked, Tracy to third, Jackson to second. Quentin singled to center, Tracy scored, Jackson thrown out at home, Hairston to second. Hammock fouled out to first. Clark at first base. Ra Johnson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Alfonzo singled to center. Morris sacrificed to catcher, Alfonzo to second. Alfonzo to third on wild pitch by Ra Johnson. Winn walked. Vizquel grounded into fielder's choice to third, Alfonzo out at home, Winn to second. Aurilia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Morris pitching for Giants. Young doubled to left. Young stole third. Drew walked. Hudson singled to left, Young scored, Drew to second. Tracy singled to center, Drew scored, Hudson to second. Clark popped out to third. Hudson caught stealing third, catcher to third, Tracy to second on runner's fielder's choice. Hairston struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Durham flied out to right. Feliz reached on infield single to second. Niekro singled to center, Feliz to second. Linden singled to center, Feliz scored, Niekro to third. Alfonzo struck out swinging. Morris flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Morris pitching for Giants. Quentin singled to center. Hammock grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Quentin out at second. Ra Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Winn singled to center. Vizquel flied out to left. Aurilia flied out to right. Winn caught stealing second, catcher to second. Durham batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Morris pitching for Giants. Young lined out to center. Drew flied out to right. Hudson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Durham homered to left center. Feliz grounded out to second. Niekro struck out swinging. Linden struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Morris pitching for Giants. Tracy grounded out to first. Clark lined out to shortstop. Hairston singled to right. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Quentin popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Alfonzo safe at first on error by shortstop Drew. Alfonzo caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Morris struck out looking. Winn popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Montero hit for Medders. Morris pitching for Giants. Hammock grounded out to shortstop. Montero singled to center. Young singled to left, Montero to second. Drew singled to right, Montero to third, Young to second. Hudson doubled to left, Montero and Young scored, Drew to third. Tracy intentionally walked. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tracy out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Vizquel doubled to right. Aurilia struck out looking. Durham singled to center, Vizquel scored. Sweeney hit for Niekro. Feliz struck out swinging. Sweeney at first base. Correia pitching for Giants. Sweeney flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Correia pitching for Giants. Hairston fouled out to catcher. Quentin flied out to right. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Byrnes in left field. Hammock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Bonds hit for Alfonzo. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Linden grounded out to second. Klesko hit for Correia. Roberts ran for Bonds. Bonds walked. Klesko singled to right, Roberts to second. Winn singled to right center, Roberts to third, Klesko to second. Vizquel fouled out to second. Aurilia popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 4 - Diamondbacks 5.	Hudson doubles up as D-Backs handle Giants