Giants - Top 1st. Morales pitching for Rockies. Davis popped out to first. Vizquel grounded out to shortstop. Winn grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. Sullivan grounded out to third. Holliday lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Morales pitching for Rockies. Bonds doubled to deep center. Molina grounded out to second, Bonds to third. Aurilia hit sacrifice fly to center, Bonds scored. Feliz struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Helton singled to right. Atkins singled to right, Helton to second. Hawpe singled to center, Helton scored, Atkins to second. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Iannetta struck out swinging. Morales walked, Atkins to third, Hawpe to second. Matsui struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Morales pitching for Rockies. Frandsen singled to center. Lincecum sacrificed to third, Frandsen to second. Davis reached on infield single to shortstop, Frandsen to third. Vizquel singled to left, Frandsen scored, Davis to second. Davis stole third, Vizquel stole second. Winn homered to left, Davis and Vizquel scored. Bonds flied out to center. Molina flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Sullivan singled to right. Holliday singled to center, Sullivan to third. Helton doubled to deep left, Sullivan scored, Holliday to third. Atkins struck out swinging. Hawpe intentionally walked. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Iannetta hit by pitch, Holliday scored, Helton to third, Hawpe to second. Stewart hit for Morales. Stewart popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Aurilia flied out to right. Feliz hit by pitch. Frandsen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Feliz out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Matsui singled to right. Atchison pitching for Giants. Durham at second base. Sullivan grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second to first, Matsui out at second. Holliday hit by pitch. Helton singled to deep left center, Holliday to third. Atkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Durham fouled out to catcher. Davis popped out to shortstop. Vizquel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Atchison pitching for Giants. Hawpe struck out swinging. Tulowitzki homered to left center. Iannetta struck out swinging. Baker hit for Speier. Baker grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Winn reached on bunt single to third. Bonds fouled out to third. Molina doubled to right, Winn to third. Aurilia intentionally walked. Feliz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Aurilia out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Kline pitching for Giants. Matsui flied out to center. Spilborghs hit for Sullivan. Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop. Holliday flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Spilborghs in center field. Schierholtz hit for Kline. Herges pitching for Rockies. Schierholtz grounded out to first. Durham fouled out to left. Davis lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Walker pitching for Giants. Helton walked. Atkins struck out looking. Hawpe grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Vizquel singled to left center. Winn grounded into double play, third to second to first, Vizquel out at second. Bonds popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Ortmeier in left field. Wilson pitching for Giants. Tulowitzki popped out to first. Koshansky hit for Iannetta. Koshansky walked. Barmes ran for Koshansky. Torrealba hit for Fuentes. Torrealba hit by pitch, Barmes to second. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Roberts in left field. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Roberts in left field. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Roberts in left field. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Roberts in left field. Matsui singled to center, Barmes scored, Torrealba to second. Spilborghs grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Matsui out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Torrealba catching. Molina grounded out to third. Aurilia struck out swinging. Feliz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Hennessey pitching for Giants. Holliday grounded out to third. Helton walked. Carroll ran for Helton. Atkins walked, Carroll to second. Hawpe singled to center, Carroll scored, Atkins to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 5 - Rockies 6.	Rockies clip Giants on Hawpe's 9th-inning single