Brewers - Top 1st . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Weeks walked . Hart grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Weeks out at second . Braun hit by pitch , Hart to second . Fielder struck out swinging . Hart to third , Braun to second on wild pitch by Lincecum . Hardy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Winn flied out to left . Renteria singled to left . Lewis reached on infield single to shortstop , Renteria to second . Molina flied out to right . Sandoval hit by pitch , Renteria to third , Lewis to second . Ishikawa tripled to deep right center , Renteria , Lewis and Sandoval scored . Rowand popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Cameron walked . Hall struck out swinging , Cameron stole second . Kendall grounded out to second , Cameron to third . Suppan doubled to left , Cameron scored . Weeks doubled to center , Suppan scored . Hart struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Burriss hit by pitch . Lincecum singled to left , Burriss to third . Winn hit sacrifice fly to center , Burriss scored . Renteria grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lincecum out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Braun singled to left . Fielder struck out swinging . Braun stole second . Hardy grounded out to shortstop , Braun to third . Cameron reached on infield single to third , Braun scored . Hall walked , Cameron to second . Kendall flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Lewis grounded out to second . Molina flied out to left . Sandoval flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Giants . Suppan grounded out to third . Weeks hit by pitch . Weeks stole second . Hart singled to left , Weeks scored , Hart to second on throwing error by left fielder Lewis . Braun singled to left , Hart to third . Fielder singled to right , Hart scored , Braun to second . Hardy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fielder out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 4th . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Ishikawa reached on infield single to shortstop . Rowand homered to left , Ishikawa scored . Burriss struck out looking . Martinez grounded out to second . Winn walked . Renteria popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Martinez pitching for Giants . Cameron walked . Cameron stole second . Hall struck out looking . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cameron out at third . Nelson hit for Suppan . Nelson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . McClung pitching for Brewers . Lewis walked . Molina singled to deep left , Lewis to third . Sandoval struck out swinging . Ishikawa popped out to third . Rowand walked , Molina to second . Burriss walked , Lewis scored , Molina to third , Rowand to second . Schierholtz hit for Martinez . Schierholtz grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Medders pitching for Giants . Weeks flied out to center . Hart flied out to center . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . McClung pitching for Brewers . Winn grounded out to pitcher . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Lewis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Fielder doubled to deep center . Hardy grounded out to shortstop , Fielder to third . Cameron walked . Hall grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Cameron out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Bush pitching for Brewers . Molina homered to left . Sandoval doubled to deep left center . Ishikawa flied out to left . Rowand doubled to left , Sandoval scored . Burriss struck out looking . Velez hit for Affeldt . Velez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Howry pitching for Giants . Kendall struck out swinging . Counsell hit for Bush . Counsell walked . Weeks reached on infield single to third , Counsell to second . Hart struck out swinging . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Julio pitching for Brewers . Winn homered to center . Renteria walked . Lewis lined out to right . Molina popped out to shortstop . Sandoval singled to center , Renteria to second . Ishikawa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Hinshaw pitching for Giants . Fielder walked . Hardy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fielder out at second . Cameron walked . Cameron to second on wild pitch by Hinshaw . Hall doubled to deep left , Cameron scored . Wilson pitching for Giants . Kendall struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 6 - Giants 10 .	Lincecum out ater 3 , but Giants rip Brewers \n\n