Brewers - Top 1st . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Weeks struck out looking . Hart struck out looking . Braun homered to right . Fielder hit by pitch . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fielder out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Parra pitching for Brewers . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Victorino walked . Utley reached on infield single to shortstop , Victorino to second . Howard walked , Victorino to third , Utley to second . Werth doubled to left , Victorino and Utley scored , Howard to third . Ibanez singled to left center , Howard scored , Werth to third . Feliz singled to shallow left , Werth scored , Ibanez to second . Coste flied out to center . Moyer struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Cameron flied out to center . Hall reached on infield single to third . Kendall hit into fielder 's choice to center , Hall out at second . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . McGehee at second base . Parra pitching for Brewers . Rollins grounded out to third . Victorino singled to left . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Victorino out at second . Howard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Moyer pitching for Phillies . McGehee grounded out to third . Hart popped out to second . Braun reached on infield single to shortstop . Fielder hit by pitch , Braun to second . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fielder out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Parra pitching for Brewers . Werth grounded out to third . Ibanez struck out looking . Feliz homered to right . Coste doubled to deep left center . Moyer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Cameron singled to center . Hall grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Cameron out at second . Kendall lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Parra pitching for Brewers . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Victorino fouled out to first . Utley walked . Howard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Duffy hit for Parra . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Duffy grounded out to first . McGehee singled to center . Hart popped out to shortstop . Braun homered to left , McGehee scored . Fielder flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Julio pitching for Brewers . Werth grounded out to third . Ibanez walked . Ibanez stole second . Ibanez to third on wild pitch by Julio . Feliz walked . Coste grounded out to third , Ibanez scored , Feliz to second . Moyer walked . Rollins singled to right , Feliz to third , Moyer to second . Victorino singled to center , Feliz scored , Moyer to third , Rollins to second . Swindle pitching for Brewers . Utley walked , Moyer scored , Rollins to third , Victorino to second . Rollins scored , Victorino to third , Utley to second on wild pitch by Swindle . Victorino scored , Utley safe at third on throwing error by catcher Kendall . Howard struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 6th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Hardy flied out to center . Cameron flied out to left . Hall flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Swindle pitching for Brewers . Werth doubled to left . Ibanez grounded out to second , Werth to third . Feliz reached on infield single to second , Werth scored . Coste struck out swinging . Moyer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Feliz out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Kendall walked . Rivera hit for Swindle . Rivera singled to left , Kendall to second . Durbin pitching for Phillies . McGehee struck out swinging . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Hart grounded out to second , Kendall to third , Rivera to second . Braun reached on infield single to third , Kendall scored , Rivera to third . Fielder struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . McClung pitching for Brewers . Rollins singled to center . Victorino flied out to center . Utley walked , Rollins to second . Howard struck out swinging . Werth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Hardy singled to right . Cameron singled to shallow left , Hardy to second . Hall struck out swinging . Kendall grounded into double play , third to second to third , Cameron out at second , Hardy out at third , Kendall to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Ibanez flied out to center . Feliz fouled out to catcher . Coste doubled to deep left . Dobbs hit for Condrey . Dobbs walked . Rollins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Taschner pitching for Phillies . Nelson hit for Villanueva . Nelson walked . McGehee popped out to shortstop . Hart fouled out to first . Braun reached on infield single to shortstop , Nelson to second . Fielder popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 4 - Phillies 11 .	Feliz lifts Moyer , Phillies past Braun , Brewers