Brewers - Top 1st . Pavano pitching for Indians . Counsell lined out to shortstop . McGehee singled to left . Braun homered to left , McGehee scored . Fielder doubled to deep right center . Hart grounded out to second , Fielder to third . Cameron lined out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Bush pitching for Brewers . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . DeRosa flied out to center . Martinez singled to shallow left . Choo homered to right , Martinez scored . Peralta grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Pavano pitching for Indians . Gamel grounded out to second . Hardy popped out to shortstop . Rivera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Bush pitching for Brewers . Hafner flied out to left . Francisco grounded out to shortstop . Valbuena walked . Shoppach flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Pavano pitching for Indians . Counsell reached on bunt single to pitcher . McGehee singled to shallow left , Counsell to second . Braun flied out to right , Counsell to third . Fielder grounded out to third , Counsell scored , McGehee to second . Hart grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Bush pitching for Brewers . Carroll hit by pitch . DeRosa struck out swinging . Martinez homered to right , Carroll scored . Choo singled to shallow right center . Choo stole second . Choo stole third . Peralta struck out looking . Hafner grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Pavano pitching for Indians . Cameron struck out swinging . Gamel singled to right center . Gamel stole second , Gamel safe at third on throwing error by catcher Shoppach . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . Rivera popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Bush pitching for Brewers . Francisco grounded out to shortstop . Valbuena walked . Shoppach hit by pitch , Valbuena to second . Valbuena to third on passed ball by Rivera . Carroll singled to right , Valbuena scored , Shoppach to second . DeRosa singled to left , Shoppach scored , Carroll to second , Carroll to third , DeRosa to second advancing on play . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Martinez singled to center , Carroll and DeRosa scored . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Martinez out at second . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 5th . Pavano pitching for Indians . Counsell walked . McGehee doubled to left , Counsell to third . Braun tripled to deep right , Counsell and McGehee scored . Fielder hit sacrifice fly to right , Braun scored . Hart singled to center . Hart to second on wild pitch by Pavano . Cameron grounded out to third . Gamel struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Hafner doubled to left . Francisco flied out to right , Hafner to third . Valbuena struck out swinging . Shoppach walked . Carroll flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Aquino pitching for Indians . Hardy singled to center . Rivera singled to center , Hardy to second . Hardy to third , Rivera to second on wild pitch by Aquino . Counsell hit sacrifice fly , center to first , Hardy scored , Rivera out at third . McGehee struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Narveson pitching for Brewers . DeRosa homered to left . Martinez walked . Choo walked , Martinez to second . DiFelice pitching for Brewers . Peralta struck out swinging . Hafner homered to right , Martinez and Choo scored . Francisco popped out to first . Valbuena flied out to right . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Aquino pitching for Indians . Braun walked . Braun to second on wild pitch by Aquino . Fielder walked , Braun stole third . Fielder batting . Vizcaino pitching for Indians . Hart hit sacrifice fly to center , Braun scored . Cameron flied out to left . Gamel popped out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Coffey pitching for Brewers . Shoppach lined out to first . Carroll struck out swinging . DeRosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Vizcaino pitching for Indians . Hardy flied out to right . Rivera walked . Counsell walked , Rivera to second . Herges pitching for Indians . McGehee walked , Rivera to third , Counsell to second . Braun reached on infield single to shortstop , Rivera scored , Counsell to third , McGehee to second . Perez pitching for Indians . Fielder homered to right , Counsell , McGehee and Braun scored . Hart singled to center . Cameron walked , Hart to second . Gamel singled to right center , Hart scored , Cameron to third . Smith pitching for Indians . Hardy lined out to third . Rivera struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Coffey pitching for Brewers . Martinez flied out to center . Stetter pitching for Brewers . Choo struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Smith pitching for Indians . Counsell lined out to shortstop . McGehee flied out to right . Braun struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Hoffman pitching for Brewers . Hafner singled to left . Francisco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hafner out at second . Valbuena flied out to right . Francisco stole second . Francisco to third on wild pitch by Hoffman . Shoppach grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 14 - Indians 12 .	Fielder 's slam lifts Brewers past Tribe 14 - 12 \n\n