Brewers - Top 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Lopez singled to right . Cameron singled to left , Lopez to second . Braun doubled to deep left , Lopez and Cameron scored . Fielder walked . McGehee flied out to center . Bourgeois grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fielder out at second , Braun to third . Kendall lined out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Burns pitching for Brewers . Morgan singled to center . Gonzalez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Morgan out at second . Dunn flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Escobar doubled to deep left center . Burns sacrificed to catcher , Escobar to third . Lopez doubled to deep left , Escobar scored . Cameron homered to left , Lopez scored . Braun grounded out to second . Fielder walked . McGehee doubled to deep center , Fielder to third , Fielder scored on error by center fielder Morgan . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Bourgeois singled to right , McGehee scored . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bourgeois out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Burns pitching for Brewers . Zimmerman walked . Belliard hit ground rule double to deep center , Zimmerman to third . Dukes safe at first on error by third baseman McGehee , Zimmerman scored , Belliard to third . Padilla grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Belliard scored , Dukes out at second . Nieves lined out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 3rd . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Escobar walked . Burns sacrificed to first , Escobar to second . Lopez flied out to left . Cameron doubled to left , Escobar scored . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Burns pitching for Brewers . Rivera singled to center . Morgan popped out to second . Gonzalez singled to left , Rivera to second . Dunn walked , Rivera to third , Gonzalez to second . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Belliard homered to left , Rivera , Gonzalez and Dunn scored . Dukes struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Fielder struck out swinging . McGehee flied out to center . Bourgeois struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . DiFelice pitching for Brewers . Padilla struck out swinging . Nieves singled to center . Rivera walked , Nieves to second . Morgan doubled to left center , Nieves scored , Rivera to third . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to left , Rivera scored . Dunn hit by pitch . Zimmerman fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Kendall lined out to right . Escobar flied out to left . Narveson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Belliard reached on infield single to third . Dukes flied out to center . Padilla flied out to right . Nieves lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Cameron reached on infield single to second , Cameron to second on throwing error by second baseman Belliard . Braun grounded out to third . Fielder intentionally walked . McGehee singled to center , Cameron scored , Fielder to third . Catalanotto hit for Bourgeois . Catalanotto flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Catalanotto in right field . Morse hit for Bergmann . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Morse struck out swinging . Morgan bunt grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Villone pitching for Nationals . Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop . Escobar sacrificed to catcher , Kendall to second . Iribarren hit for Narveson . Iribarren bunt grounded out to pitcher . Lopez doubled to deep right center , Kendall scored . Sosa pitching for Nationals . Cameron struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Vargas pitching for Brewers . Dunn grounded out to first . Zimmerman flied out to center . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Sosa pitching for Nationals . Braun singled to left . Fielder walked , Braun to second . McGehee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fielder out at second , Braun to third . Catalanotto intentionally walked . Kendall doubled to right , Braun scored , Catalanotto to third . Escobar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Coffey pitching for Brewers . Counsell at third base . Dukes grounded out to third . Harris hit for Padilla . Harris homered to right . Nieves grounded out to second . Guzman hit for Sosa . Guzman singled to center . Morgan grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Harris in left field . MacDougal pitching for Nationals . Counsell grounded out to second . Lopez doubled to deep center . Cameron struck out looking . Braun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Hoffman pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Dunn grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 11 - Nationals 9 .	Brewers recover to beat Nats after blowing lead