Brewers - Top 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Escobar grounded out to second . Counsell singled to center . Braun homered to center , Counsell scored . Fielder singled to left . McGehee grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fielder out at second . Cameron reached on infield single to second , McGehee to second . Gerut flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Lugo singled to right . Ryan singled to center , Lugo to second . Pujols flied out to left , Lugo to third , Ryan to second . Holliday intentionally walked . Ludwick singled to right center , Lugo and Ryan scored , Holliday to second . Ankiel struck out swinging . DeRosa struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Rivera popped out to shortstop . Villanueva grounded out to pitcher . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . LaRue grounded out to pitcher . Lohse grounded out to shortstop . Lugo lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Counsell singled to left , Counsell to second on error by left fielder Holliday . Braun flied out to center , Counsell to third . Fielder safe at first on error by second baseman Lugo , Counsell scored . McGehee fouled out to first . Cameron struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Ryan doubled to deep center . Pujols flied out to right , Ryan to third . Holliday safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar , Ryan scored . Holliday caught stealing second , catcher to second . Ludwick lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 4th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Gerut grounded out to first . Rivera struck out swinging . Villanueva struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Ankiel struck out swinging . DeRosa flied out to left . LaRue flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Counsell walked . Braun struck out looking . Fielder grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Counsell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Lohse grounded out to shortstop . Lugo walked . Ryan doubled to deep left center , Lugo scored . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ryan out at third , Pujols to second . Holliday walked . Ludwick safe at first on error by third baseman McGehee , Pujols to third , Holliday to second . Ankiel struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 6th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . McGehee grounded out to shortstop . Cameron singled to left . Gerut singled to right , Cameron to second . Rivera singled to left , Cameron to third , Gerut to second . Gamel hit for Villanueva . Gamel struck out swinging . Escobar safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Lugo , Cameron and Gerut scored , Rivera to third . Counsell lined out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Weathers pitching for Brewers . DeRosa singled to left . LaRue grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , DeRosa out at second . Freese hit for Lohse . Freese singled to right , LaRue to third . Lugo grounded into double play , third to second to first , Freese out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Braun reached on infield single to shortstop . Fielder walked , Braun to second . McGehee struck out swinging . Cameron struck out swinging . Gerut flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Vargas pitching for Brewers . Rasmus hit for Ryan . Rasmus flied out to left . Pujols grounded out to pitcher . Holliday singled to right . Ludwick grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Rasmus in center field . Greene at shortstop . Ankiel in right field . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Rivera flied out to center . Patterson hit for Vargas . Patterson grounded out to first . Escobar walked . Escobar caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Counsell batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Coffey pitching for Brewers . Ankiel grounded out to third . DeRosa reached on infield single to pitcher . Thurston hit for LaRue . Thurston grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , DeRosa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Pagnozzi catching . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Counsell walked . Braun struck out swinging . Counsell caught stealing second , catcher to second . Fielder walked . McGehee singled to right , Fielder to second . Cameron singled to left , Fielder thrown out at home , McGehee to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Hoffman pitching for Brewers . Glaus hit for Franklin . Glaus struck out swinging . Lugo flied out to left . Rasmus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 5 - Cardinals 4 .	Cardinals ' loss means playoffs start on road