Indians - Top 1st . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Sizemore struck out swinging . DeRosa flied out to right . Martinez reached on infield single to second . Hafner walked , Martinez to second . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Kinsler struck out swinging . Young walked . Hamilton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Young out at second . Blalock grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Choo flied out to left . Garko grounded out to shortstop . Francisco struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Cruz homered to left . Murphy flied out to center . Davis singled to left . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep right center , Davis to third . Andrus reached on infield single to first , Davis scored , Saltalamacchia to third . Kinsler doubled to deep left , Saltalamacchia scored , Andrus to third . Young grounded out to shortstop , Andrus scored , Kinsler to third . Hamilton flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Cabrera struck out looking . Sizemore grounded out to second . DeRosa popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Blalock flied out to left . Cruz struck out swinging . Murphy walked . Davis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Martinez singled to center . Hafner singled to left , Martinez to second . Peralta struck out swinging . Choo walked , Martinez to third , Hafner to second . Garko hit by pitch , Martinez scored , Hafner to third , Choo to second . Francisco flied out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Andrus struck out swinging . Kinsler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Sizemore grounded out to second . DeRosa safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Young . Martinez flied out to right . Hafner flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Young doubled to left . Hamilton tripled to deep right , Young scored . Blalock hit by pitch . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hamilton scored , Blalock out at second . Cruz stole second . Murphy flied out to left . Davis grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Padilla pitching for Rangers . Peralta walked . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peralta out at second . Choo to second on wild pitch by Padilla . Garko popped out to second . Francisco homered to left center , Choo scored . Jennings pitching for Rangers . Cabrera grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Saltalamacchia flied out to center . Andrus homered to right . Kinsler struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Jennings pitching for Rangers . Sizemore doubled to deep right . DeRosa struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to second , Sizemore to third . Guardado pitching for Rangers . Hafner safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Andrus , Sizemore scored . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hafner out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Perez pitching for Indians . Hamilton grounded out to pitcher . Blalock popped out to shortstop . Cruz homered to left . Murphy flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Choo hit by pitch . Garko doubled to deep right center , Choo scored . Francisco lined out to third . Teagarden catching . Cabrera safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Wilson . Sizemore struck out swinging . DeRosa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Davis walked . Smith pitching for Indians . Teagarden grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . Andrus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Martinez flied out to center . Hafner flied out to left . Peralta singled to left center . Peralta to second on fielder 's indifference . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 5 - Rangers 8 .	Rangers ride Cruz , Andrus homers past Indians