Rangers - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Borbon bunt grounded out to pitcher . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Murphy singled to center . Byrd safe at first on error by third baseman Kennedy , Murphy to second . Blalock singled to left , Murphy scored , Byrd to second . Kinsler flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Kennedy singled to center . Davis lined out to center . Kennedy caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Sweeney singled to left . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Cruz singled to center . Davis walked , Cruz to second . Teagarden sacrificed to pitcher , Cruz to third , Davis to second . Borbon singled to right , Cruz and Davis scored . Andrus struck out swinging . Murphy doubled to deep center , Borbon scored . Byrd popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Cust struck out looking . Ellis flied out to center . Hairston grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Blalock doubled to deep right center . Kinsler popped out to second . Cruz struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Crosby fouled out to third . Pennington singled to left . Kennedy grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Pennington out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Teagarden flied out to right . Borbon walked . Borbon stole second . Andrus singled to shallow right , Borbon to third . Murphy singled to left , Borbon scored , Andrus to second . Byrd doubled to left , Andrus scored , Murphy to third . Kilby pitching for Athletics . Blalock struck out swinging . Kinsler flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Davis grounded out to third . Sweeney grounded out to second . Suzuki lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Patterson in left field . Kilby pitching for Athletics . Cruz popped out to second . Davis flied out to center . Teagarden struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Cust hit by pitch . Ellis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cust out at second . Patterson walked . Crosby lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Kilby pitching for Athletics . Borbon grounded out to pitcher . Andrus struck out swinging . Murphy popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Pennington hit by pitch . Kennedy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pennington safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler . Davis hit sacrifice fly to center , Pennington scored . Sweeney struck out looking . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kennedy out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Byrd singled to right . Blalock singled to left , Byrd to second . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Byrd out at third , Blalock to second . Cruz struck out swinging . Davis tripled to deep right center , Blalock and Kinsler scored . Teagarden flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Millwood pitching for Rangers . Cust grounded out to second . Ellis grounded out to third . Patterson fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Athletics . Powell catching . Buck in left field . Patterson at second base . Borbon singled to center . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Borbon out at second . Andrus to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Andrus to third on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Murphy walked . Byrd hit by pitch , Murphy to second . Gentry ran for Byrd . Blalock safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Patterson , Andrus and Murphy scored , Gentry to third . Kinsler flied out to right . Cruz struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Gentry in center field . German at second base . O'Day pitching for Rangers . Crosby grounded out to first . Pennington struck out swinging . Kennedy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Carson in right field . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Davis singled to right . Teagarden struck out swinging . Borbon singled to left , Davis to second . Andrus struck out swinging . Murphy walked , Davis to third , Borbon to second . Gentry struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Guardado pitching for Rangers . Davis singled to right . Carson homered to left , Davis scored . Powell walked . Munson hit for Cust . Munson flied out to right . Buck struck out swinging . Patterson fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 10 - Athletics 3 .	Rangers ' hopes alive