Rangers - Top 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Borbon grounded out to third . Young doubled to deep right . Murphy popped out to second . Byrd flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Figgins walked . Abreu popped out to shortstop . Hunter struck out swinging . Guerrero doubled to deep center , Figgins scored . Morales homered to center , Guerrero scored . Rivera reaches on fielding error by second baseman Kinsler . Rivera out at 2nd , second baseman Kinsler to shortstop Andrus . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Blalock grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop . Davis flied out to left . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kinsler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Izturis singled to center . Napoli singled to right , Izturis to third . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Izturis scored , Napoli out at second . Figgins flied out to center . Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop , Aybar to second . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop . Borbon grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Andrus out at second . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Guerrero singled to left . Morales walked , Guerrero to second . Rivera flied out to right . Guerrero to third , Morales to second on wild pitch by Hunter . Izturis singled to right center , Guerrero and Morales scored , Izturis to second on error by right fielder Murphy . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Izturis stole third . Napoli walked . Aybar hit sacrifice fly to right , Izturis scored . Figgins grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Murphy lined out to shortstop . Byrd flied out to right . Blalock grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Abreu tripled to deep left . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero grounded out to second , Abreu scored . Morales grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Kinsler singled to left . Davis grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Kinsler out at second . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Rivera flied out to center . Izturis struck out swinging . Napoli struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Santana pitching for Angels . Andrus lined out to center . Borbon hit by pitch . Young singled to center , Borbon to second . Murphy struck out swinging . Borbon to third , Young to second on passed ball by Napoli . Byrd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Aybar singled to center . Figgins flied out to left . Abreu doubled to left , Aybar scored . Hunter singled to left , Abreu scored . Guerrero safe at second on error by center fielder Byrd , Hunter to third . Morales grounded out to second , Hunter scored , Guerrero to third . Rivera struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Santana pitching for Angels . Blalock walked . Kinsler grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blalock out at second . Davis lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . German at third base . Teagarden catching . Grilli pitching for Rangers . Izturis singled to right . Napoli struck out swinging . Aybar flied out to right . Figgins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Santana pitching for Angels . Teagarden singled to left . Andrus flied out to center . Borbon singled to center , Teagarden to second . German flied out to center . Murphy popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Strop pitching for Rangers . Abreu struck out swinging . Hunter lined out to center . Matthews hit for Guerrero . Matthews struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Santana pitching for Angels . Byrd grounded out to third . Blalock flied out to center . Kinsler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 0 - Angels 11 .	Angels clinch West , honor fallen teammate \n\n