Cardinals - Top 1st . Santos pitching for Brewers . Eckstein flied out to center . Rodriguez flied out to left . Pujols lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Clark flied out to left . Weeks walked . Overbay walked , Weeks to second . Lee grounded out to shortstop , Weeks to third , Overbay to second . Jenkins singled to left , Weeks and Overbay scored . Miller grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jenkins out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Santos pitching for Brewers . Edmonds flied out to center . Grudzielanek homered to left . Nunez reached on infield single to second , Nunez to second on throwing error by second baseman Weeks . Nunez to third on wild pitch by Santos . Taguchi walked . Mahoney grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Taguchi out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Helms struck out swinging . Hardy lined out to center . Santos lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Santos pitching for Brewers . Morris struck out swinging . Eckstein flied out to left . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Clark grounded out to shortstop . Weeks singled to center . Weeks stole second . Overbay struck out swinging . Lee fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Santos pitching for Brewers . Pujols walked . Edmonds singled to deep right center , Pujols to second . Grudzielanek doubled to deep right center , Pujols and Edmonds scored . Nunez grounded out to third , Grudzielanek to third . Taguchi singled to right , Grudzielanek scored . Mahoney grounded out to third , Taguchi to second . Morris lined out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Jenkins popped out to shortstop . Miller singled to right . Helms singled to left , Miller to second . Magruder hit for Santos . Hardy walked , Miller to third , Helms to second . Magruder grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Miller out at home , Helms to third , Hardy to second . Eveland pitching for Brewers . Clark lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Eveland pitching for Brewers . Eckstein grounded out to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Pujols walked . Edmonds walked , Pujols to second . Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Weeks hit by pitch . Overbay safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols , Weeks to third . Lee singled to center , Weeks scored , Overbay to second . Jenkins struck out looking . Miller lined out to right . Helms singled to center , Overbay scored , Lee to second . Hardy flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 6th . Eveland pitching for Brewers . Nunez singled to center . Taguchi grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Nunez out at second . Durrington hit for Eveland . Mahoney lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Durrington grounded out to shortstop . Clark grounded out to third . Santana pitching for Brewers . Luna hit for Morris . Weeks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Santana pitching for Brewers . Luna struck out swinging . Eckstein struck out looking . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Rodriguez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Overbay struck out swinging . Lee flied out to left . Wise pitching for Brewers . Jenkins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Wise pitching for Brewers . Pujols flied out to right . Edmonds walked . Edmonds to second on balk by Wise . Grudzielanek grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Edmonds out at third . Grudzielanek stole second . Nunez singled to center , Grudzielanek scored , Nunez to second advancing on throw . Taguchi hit ground rule double to deep left , Nunez scored . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Mahoney flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Miller grounded out to shortstop . Helms grounded out to third . Branyan hit for Wise . Hardy hit ground rule double to deep left center . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Gall hit for Tavarez . Branyan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Gall singled to center . Eckstein grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gall out at second . Rodriguez grounded out to first , Eckstein to second . Pujols intentionally walked . Edmonds walked , Eckstein to third , Pujols to second . Grudzielanek singled to right , Eckstein and Pujols scored , Edmonds to third . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Nunez grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Clark flied out to right . Weeks struck out swinging . Overbay flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Brewers 4 .	Grudzielanek 's career - high five RBI power Cardinals