Padres - Top 1st . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Young popped out to third . Loretta popped out to shortstop . Randa popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Weeks walked . Hardy struck out swinging . Weeks to second on wild pitch by Lawrence . Overbay walked . Lee struck out swinging . Jenkins lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Giles walked . Johnson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Giles out at second . Nady grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Branyan singled to right . Miller singled to center , Branyan to second . Hart walked , Branyan to third , Miller to second . Capuano struck out swinging . Weeks reached on infield single to second , Branyan scored , Miller to third , Hart to second . Hardy hit sacrifice fly to left , Miller scored . Oxspring pitching for Padres . Overbay singled to center , Hart scored , Weeks to second . Lee walked , Weeks to third , Overbay to second . Jenkins homered to right , Weeks , Overbay and Lee scored . Branyan struck out looking . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Greene struck out swinging . Olivo doubled to deep left center . Oxspring flied out to left , Olivo thrown out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Oxspring pitching for Padres . Miller walked . Hart lined out to shortstop . Capuano struck out swinging . Weeks grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Miller out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Young popped out to second . Loretta flied out to center . Randa reached on infield single to second . Giles singled to center , Randa to third . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Oxspring pitching for Padres . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . Overbay walked . Lee homered to left , Overbay scored . Jenkins struck out swinging . Branyan struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Nady struck out swinging . Greene struck out swinging . Young at second base . McAnulty in left field . Burroughs at third base . Sweeney in right field . Jackson at shortstop . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Oxspring pitching for Padres . Miller singled to right . Hart struck out swinging . Capuano doubled to deep right , Miller to third . Weeks hit sacrifice fly to right , Miller scored , Capuano to third on throwing error by right fielder Sweeney . Hardy singled to center , Capuano scored . Overbay popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 6th . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Oxspring grounded out to pitcher . Young safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Branyan . McAnulty flied out to left . Young to second on wild pitch by Capuano . Cirillo hit for Lee . Burroughs struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Oxspring pitching for Padres . Cirillo struck out looking . Jenkins struck out swinging . Cirillo at third base . Magruder in right field . Branyan in left field . Branyan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Sweeney grounded out to second . Johnson homered to left . Nady grounded out to third . Jackson popped out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Oxspring pitching for Padres . Miller reached on infield single to third . Fielder hit for Capuano . Hart grounded into double play , third to second to first , Miller out at second . Wise pitching for Brewers . Fielder at first base . Fielder grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Fick hit for Oxspring . Wise pitching for Brewers . Olivo reached on infield single to third . Fick struck out swinging . Breslow pitching for Padres . Fick catching . Young grounded into double play , third to second to first , Olivo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Padres . Weeks reached on infield single to shortstop . Helms hit for Wise . Hardy walked , Weeks to second . Helms flied out to right . Cirillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Weeks scored on error by second baseman Young , Hardy safe at second on error by second baseman Young . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Magruder grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cirillo out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 9th . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . McAnulty walked . Burroughs flied out to center . Sweeney singled to right , McAnulty to second . Johnson walked , McAnulty to third , Sweeney to second . Nady walked , McAnulty scored , Sweeney to third , Johnson to second . Klesko hit for Breslow . Jackson struck out swinging . Klesko grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 2 - Brewers 12 .	Capuano wins No . 15 as Jenkins , Brewers spank Padres