Mariners - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Suzuki reached on infield single to second. Betancourt sacrificed to third, Suzuki to second. Beltre struck out swinging. Griffey Jr walked. Sweeney flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Kennedy walked. Suzuki struck out swinging, Kennedy stole second. Kennedy stole third. Cust grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kennedy scored, Cust to second on throwing error by second baseman Lopez. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cust out at third. Giambi struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Lopez struck out swinging. Johjima homered to left. Chavez struck out swinging. Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Sweeney grounded out to second. Buck walked. Crosby singled to left, Buck to third. Hannahan doubled to deep right, Buck scored, Crosby to third. Kennedy doubled to right, Crosby and Hannahan scored. Suzuki popped out to second. Cust grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Suzuki reached on infield single to first. Betancourt flied out to center. Beltre walked, Suzuki to second. Griffey Jr flied out to center. Suzuki stole third. Sweeney popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Johnson catching. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Holliday popped out to third. Giambi walked. Sweeney grounded into double play, third to second to first, Giambi out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Lopez flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Chavez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Johnson catching. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Buck homered to right. Crosby flied out to center. Hannahan singled to center. Kennedy singled to left, Hannahan to second. Stark pitching for Mariners. Suzuki grounded into double play, second to first, Kennedy out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Gutierrez singled to left. Suzuki reached on infield single to second, Gutierrez to second. Betancourt flied out to right. Beltre flied out to right, Gutierrez to third. Griffey Jr grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Stark pitching for Mariners. Cust lined out to shortstop. Holliday walked. Holliday caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop to first. Giambi walked. Sweeney lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Sweeney doubled to deep right. Lopez flied out to left. Johnson grounded out to third, Sweeney to third. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Buck safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Sweeney. Crosby walked, Buck to second. Hannahan struck out bunting foul. Kennedy singled to left, Buck to third, Crosby to second. Suzuki struck out swinging, Buck scored, Crosby to third, Kennedy to second on wild pitch by Morrow. Cust fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 7th. Cameron pitching for Athletics. Gutierrez singled to center. Suzuki singled to center, Gutierrez to second. Betancourt grounded into double play, third to second to first, Suzuki out at second, Gutierrez to third. Beltre grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Holliday flied out to center. Giambi struck out swinging. Sweeney walked. Buck fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Cabrera at shortstop. Crosby at first base. Cameron pitching for Athletics. Griffey Jr grounded out to first. Sweeney fouled out to first. Lopez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. White pitching for Mariners. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. Hannahan fouled out to shortstop. Kennedy doubled to right. Suzuki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Cameron pitching for Athletics. Johnson struck out swinging. Chavez flied out to right. Gutierrez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 1 - Athletics 6.	Buck's homer, Kennedy's 4 hits help A's roll