Rockies - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Smith flied out to center. Barmes singled to center. Helton popped out to second. Barmes stole second. Hawpe homered to right, Barmes scored. Tulowitzki struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Kennedy grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki grounded out to second. Holliday singled to center. Garciaparra grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Stewart homered to right. Atkins singled to deep right center. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Atkins out at second. Phillips lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Giambi fouled out to catcher. Cabrera struck out swinging. Cust struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Smith grounded out to pitcher. Barmes homered to right. Helton walked. Hawpe singled to right, Helton to second. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hawpe out at second, Helton to third. Tulowitzki stole second, Helton scored, Tulowitzki to third on wild pitch by Cahill. Stewart struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. Davis walked. Kennedy singled to right, Davis to third. Kennedy stole second. Suzuki singled to center, Davis and Kennedy scored. Holliday struck out swinging. Suzuki stole second. Garciaparra grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Atkins grounded out to third. Gonzalez tripled to deep right center. Phillips hit sacrifice fly to center, Gonzalez scored. Smith homered to right. Ed Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Barmes reached on infield single to pitcher. Helton grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Giambi grounded out to first. Cabrera struck out looking. Cust grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Hawpe grounded out to second. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Stewart grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Crosby flied out to center. Davis lined out to center. Kennedy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Atkins struck out looking. Gonzalez singled to center. Phillips doubled to right, Gonzalez to third. Smith intentionally walked. Barmes popped out to second. Helton singled to center, Gonzalez and Phillips scored, Smith to third. Smith scored, Helton to second on wild pitch by Ed Gonzalez. Hawpe walked. Tulowitzki singled to center, Helton scored, Hawpe to second. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Stewart fouled out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Suzuki grounded out to third. Holliday walked. Garciaparra singled to left, Holliday to second. Giambi struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to center, Holliday thrown out at home, Garciaparra to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Barton at first base. Hannahan at third base. Crosby at shortstop. Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics. Atkins popped out to first. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Daley pitching for Rockies. Cust walked. Crosby singled to left, Cust to second. Davis struck out swinging. Kennedy singled to left, Cust scored, Crosby to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Sweeney in left field. Springer pitching for Athletics. Kennedy at third base. Hannahan at second base. Smith struck out swinging. Barmes fouled out to first. Helton doubled to deep center. Spilborghs hit for Hawpe. Spilborghs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Embree pitching for Rockies. Spilborghs in right field. Atkins at first base. Powell hit for Garciaparra. Powell lined out to right. Barton walked. Hannahan singled to right, Barton to second. Cust singled to center, Barton scored, Hannahan to second. Crosby singled to center, Hannahan scored, Cust to second. Rincon pitching for Rockies. Davis fouled out to first. Kennedy grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Tulowitzki singled to left center. Quintanilla hit for Stewart. Quintanilla struck out swinging. Atkins reached on infield single to third, Tulowitzki to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Quintanilla at third base. Rincon pitching for Rockies. Suzuki doubled to deep right center. Sweeney singled to center, Suzuki to third. Powell doubled to deep right center, Suzuki and Sweeney scored. Barton doubled to deep right, Powell to third, Powell scored, Barton to third on throwing error by right fielder Spilborghs. Street pitching for Rockies. Hannahan popped out to shortstop. Cust walked. Crosby hit sacrifice fly to right, Barton scored. Davis struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Rockies 11 - Athletics 9.	Hawpe hits 100th homer as Rockies clip A's