Angels - Top 1st. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Figgins homered to right. Izturis struck out swinging. Abreu lined out to center. Rivera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Kennedy flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Holliday walked. Holliday stole second. Cust walked. Suzuki fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Morales singled to center. Napoli struck out looking. Morales caught stealing second, catcher to second. Matthews singled to deep left, Matthews to second on error by left fielder Holliday. Aybar popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Giambi struck out swinging. Sweeney struck out swinging. Powell doubled to right. Ellis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Willits singled to center. Willits stole second. Figgins reached on bunt single to third, Willits scored, Figgins to third on throwing error by third baseman Kennedy. Izturis struck out swinging. Abreu singled to center, Figgins scored. Rivera doubled to deep left, Abreu to third. Morales intentionally walked. Napoli singled to right, Abreu scored, Rivera to third, Morales to second. Matthews flied out to left, Rivera scored, Morales to third, Napoli to second on error by catcher Powell. Aybar singled to right, Morales and Napoli scored. Aybar stole second. Willits flied out to left. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Quinlan in left field. Weaver pitching for Angels. Kennedy grounded out to second. Cabrera popped out to second. Holliday doubled to shallow right. Cust singled to right, Holliday scored. Suzuki fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Figgins walked. Izturis singled to center, Figgins scored. Ed Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Abreu grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Izturis out at second. Quinlan grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Giambi singled to right. Sweeney struck out looking. Powell singled to right, Giambi to second. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Powell out at second, Giambi to third. Kennedy singled to center, Giambi scored, Ellis to third. Cabrera doubled to deep left, Ellis scored, Kennedy to third. Holliday singled to center, Kennedy and Cabrera scored. Holliday stole second. Cust walked. Oliver pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cust out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Morales singled to center. Napoli flied out to center, Morales to second. Matthews grounded out to second, Morales to third. Aybar lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Giambi flied out to center. Sweeney fouled out to catcher. Powell walked. Ellis popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Willits grounded out to shortstop. Figgins walked. Figgins caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Izturis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Kennedy struck out swinging. Bulger pitching for Angels. Cabrera walked. Holliday grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Abreu flied out to center. Quinlan walked. Morales walked, Quinlan to second. Springer pitching for Athletics. Napoli fouled out to first. Matthews doubled to deep left, Quinlan scored, Morales to third. Aybar singled to right, Morales and Matthews scored, Aybar to second advancing on throw. Willits popped out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Bulger pitching for Angels. Cust struck out looking. Suzuki flied out to right. Giambi doubled to deep left. Sweeney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Figgins struck out swinging. Izturis struck out swinging. Abreu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Powell grounded out to shortstop. Ellis grounded out to first. Kennedy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Quinlan grounded out to second. Morales flied out to left. Napoli hit by pitch. Matthews singled to right, Napoli to third. Aybar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Cabrera grounded out to third. Holliday grounded out to third. Cust homered to right center. Suzuki doubled to deep left. Giambi walked. Sweeney grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 11 - Athletics 6.	Aybar, Figgins power Angels' rout of Athletics