Twins - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Span struck out looking. Punto flied out to center. Morneau walked. Cuddyer walked, Morneau to second. Kubel homered to right, Morneau and Cuddyer scored. Young grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Kennedy singled to left. Kennedy stole second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop, Kennedy to third. Hairston grounded out to shortstop, Kennedy scored. Holliday doubled to deep right. Cust reached on infield single to shortstop, Holliday to third. Suzuki singled to right, Holliday scored, Cust to second. Barton flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Harris doubled to deep left. Redmond singled to right, Harris to third. Casilla popped out to catcher. Span reached on bunt single to pitcher, Redmond to second. Punto fouled out to first. Morneau homered to right, Harris, Redmond and Span scored. Cuddyer homered to left. Kubel singled to left. Young singled to center, Kubel to third. Harris grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Sweeney flied out to center. Ellis singled to left. Kennedy flied out to center. Cabrera doubled to left, Ellis to third. Hairston fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Redmond singled to right center. Casilla fouled out to catcher. Span walked, Redmond to second. Punto popped out to second. Morneau homered to right, Redmond and Span scored. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Cuddyer reached on infield single to shortstop, Cuddyer to second on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera. Kubel singled to center, Cuddyer scored. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kubel out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Holliday doubled to deep left. Cust singled to right center, Holliday scored. Suzuki flied out to right. Barton homered to center, Cust scored. Sweeney flied out to right. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Harris struck out swinging. Redmond grounded out to shortstop. Casilla walked. Span flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Kennedy reached on infield single to second. Cabrera lined into double play, to first, Kennedy doubled off first. Hairston singled to left. Holliday homered to left, Hairston scored. Cust grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Punto struck out swinging. Morneau doubled to deep center. Cuddyer singled to left center, Morneau to third. Kubel walked, Cuddyer to second. Springer pitching for Athletics. Young hit sacrifice fly to center, Morneau scored. Harris flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Suzuki grounded out to third. Barton flied out to center. Sweeney safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Punto. Ellis doubled to deep left, Sweeney to third. Kennedy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 6th. Springer pitching for Athletics. Redmond struck out swinging. Casilla flied out to right. Span struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop. Hairston reached on infield single to third, Cabrera to second. Holliday grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hairston out at second, Cabrera to third. Cust walked. Suzuki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Punto walked. Morneau grounded into fielder's choice to third, Punto out at second. Cuddyer flied out to right. Kubel walked, Morneau to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kubel out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Barton walked. Sweeney singled to left, Barton to second. Ellis singled to right center, Barton to third, Sweeney to second. Kennedy lined out to second. Keppel pitching for Twins. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Barton and Sweeney scored, Ellis to third. Hairston walked. Holliday homered to right, Ellis, Cabrera and Hairston scored. Mijares pitching for Twins. Cust homered to center. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Barton flied out to center. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Harris singled to center. Redmond grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Harris out at second. Mauer hit for Casilla. Mauer singled to left center. Span grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Punto at second base. Harris at shortstop. Buscher at third base. Mauer catching. Mijares pitching for Twins. Sweeney singled to left. Ellis popped into double play, shortstop to first, Sweeney doubled off first. Kennedy doubled to deep right. Mulvey pitching for Twins. Cabrera lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Punto struck out swinging. Morneau struck out swinging. Cuddyer doubled to deep left. Kubel intentionally walked. Gomez ran for Kubel. Cuddyer to third, Gomez to second on wild pitch by Wuertz. Cuddyer out at home advancing on play. Young batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 13 - Athletics 14.	A's erase 10-run lead, win on disputed call