Twins - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Span walked. Mauer flied out to left. Span caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Morneau homered to right. Kubel struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Perkins pitching for Twins. Kennedy grounded out to second. Cabrera singled to center. Hairston singled to left, Cabrera to second. Holliday singled to left, Cabrera scored, Hairston to second. Cust walked. Barton grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hairston out at home, Holliday to third, Cust to second. Powell walked, Holliday scored, Cust to third, Barton to second. Davis tripled to deep right center, Cust, Barton and Powell scored. Ellis grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Cuddyer flied out to center. Harris flied out to left. Buscher singled to center. Punto grounded into fielder's choice to second, Buscher out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Perkins pitching for Twins. Kennedy singled to center. Cabrera walked, Kennedy to second. Hairston homered to left, Kennedy and Cabrera scored. Mulvey pitching for Twins. Holliday singled to right. Holliday to second on wild pitch by Mulvey. Cust singled to shallow center, Holliday scored. Barton flied out to left. Powell singled to right, Cust to second. Davis fouled out to shortstop. Ellis singled to left, Cust scored, Powell to second. Kennedy singled to left, Powell to third, Ellis to second. Cabrera singled to center, Powell and Ellis scored, Kennedy to third. Hairston flied out to center. 7 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Casilla grounded out to first. Span singled to left. Mauer flied out to left. Morneau walked, Span to second. Kubel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Dickey pitching for Twins. Holliday walked. Cust flied out to center. Barton flied out to left. Powell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Cuddyer popped out to second. Harris struck out swinging. Buscher flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Dickey pitching for Twins. Davis walked. Ellis grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Davis out at second. Kennedy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Punto grounded out to second. Casilla singled to center. Span singled to right center, Casilla to second. Mauer struck out swinging. Morneau lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Dickey pitching for Twins. Cabrera grounded out to catcher. Hairston singled to center. Holliday singled to deep right center, Hairston to second. Cust walked, Hairston to third, Holliday to second. Barton popped out to shortstop. Suzuki hit for Powell. Suzuki singled to shallow left, Hairston and Holliday scored, Cust to second. Davis singled to center, Cust scored, Suzuki to second. Ellis flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Suzuki catching. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Kubel grounded out to second. Cuddyer singled to right center. Harris popped out to shortstop. Buscher grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Dickey pitching for Twins. Kennedy grounded out to shortstop. Crosby hit for Cabrera. Crosby flied out to left. Hairston grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Crosby at shortstop. Hairston in left field. Sweeney in right field. Davis in center field. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Punto grounded out to first. Casilla grounded out to second. Span struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Redmond catching. Dickey pitching for Twins. Sweeney singled to center. Cust grounded out to first, Sweeney to second. Barton walked. Duensing pitching for Twins. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to left, Sweeney scored on error by third baseman Harris, Barton to second. Davis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 8th. Springer pitching for Athletics. Redmond flied out to right. Gomez hit for Morneau. Gomez struck out swinging. Kubel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy grounded out to first. Crosby singled to left. Hairston walked, Crosby to second. Sweeney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Ed Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Cuddyer grounded out to third. Harris walked. Buscher walked, Harris to second. Punto walked, Harris to third, Buscher to second. Casilla lined into double play, shortstop to second, Buscher doubled off second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 1 - Athletics 16.	A's rout Twins to take series  \n\n