Athletics - Top 1st. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Kennedy grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to left. Garciaparra singled to left, Cabrera to second. Cust struck out looking. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at third, Garciaparra to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Ellsbury reached on infield single to shortstop. Pedroia flied out to center. Ellsbury stole second. Youkilis grounded out to third. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Sweeney doubled to deep center. Everidge grounded out to shortstop. Ellis singled to right, Sweeney scored, Ellis to second advancing on throw. Patterson grounded out to third. Kennedy singled to center, Ellis scored. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Kennedy to second. Garciaparra grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Bay grounded out to shortstop. Drew lined out to shortstop. Lowell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Cust struck out swinging. Suzuki reached on infield single to third. Sweeney popped out to shortstop. Everidge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Kottaras walked. Green flied out to center. Ellsbury singled to right, Kottaras to second. Pedroia singled to left, Kottaras to third, Ellsbury to second. Youkilis doubled to left, Kottaras and Ellsbury scored, Pedroia to third. Ortiz grounded out to second, Pedroia scored, Youkilis to third. Bay reached on infield single to shortstop, Youkilis scored. Drew doubled to deep right, Bay scored, Drew to third advancing on throw. Lowell popped out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Ellis flied out to right. Patterson struck out looking. Kennedy singled to center. Cabrera walked, Kennedy to second. Garciaparra grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Kottaras walked. Green popped out to shortstop. Ellsbury grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Kottaras out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Cust walked. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cust out at second. Sweeney flied out to center. Everidge grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Pedroia grounded out to third. Youkilis reached on infield single to shortstop. Ortiz struck out swinging. Youkilis caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Ellis grounded out to third. Patterson struck out swinging. Kennedy doubled to deep left. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Bay popped out to third. Drew singled to left. Lowell doubled to left, Drew scored. Kottaras struck out looking. Green flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Garciaparra struck out swinging. Cust doubled to deep center. Suzuki popped out to first. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Sweeney singled to center, Cust scored, Sweeney to second on throwing error by center fielder Ellsbury. Everidge flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Springer pitching for Athletics. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Pedroia flied out to right. Youkilis singled to left. LaRoche hit for Ortiz. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Ellis doubled to left. Davis hit for Patterson. Davis struck out swinging. Kennedy singled to right, Ellis scored. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera singled to right, Kennedy to second. Garciaparra grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Sweeney in left field. Davis in center field. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Bay hit by pitch. Drew doubled to deep left, Bay to third, Drew to third, Bay thrown out at home attempting to advance on play. Lowell hit sacrifice fly to right, Drew scored. Kottaras doubled to deep right. Green lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Cust walked. Cust to second on fielder's indifference. Suzuki grounded out to second, Cust to third. Sweeney popped out to shortstop. Everidge doubled to left center, Cust scored. Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop, Everidge scored, Ellis to second on throwing error by shortstop Green. Ellis stole third. Davis reached on infield single to shortstop, Ellis scored, Davis to third on throwing error by shortstop Green. Kennedy struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Pedroia lined out to third. Youkilis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 10th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera flied out to center. Garciaparra doubled to deep left. Cust struck out swinging. Garciaparra stole third. Suzuki lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 10th. Breslow pitching for Athletics. LaRoche grounded out to first. Bay fouled out to first. Drew flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 11th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Sweeney fouled out to third. Everidge grounded out to second. Ellis doubled to deep left. Davis singled to right, Ellis scored. Saito pitching for Red Sox. Davis stole second. Kennedy singled to right, Davis scored. Kennedy caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cabrera batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 11th. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Lowell singled to center. Kottaras singled to center, Lowell to second. Lowrie ran for Lowell. Green sacrificed to pitcher, Lowrie to third, Kottaras to second. Ellsbury grounded out to first, Lowrie scored, Kottaras to third. Pedroia flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 9 - Red Sox 8.	A's tally 3 runs in 9th, sink BoSox with 2 in 11th