Blue Jays - Top 1st. Braden pitching for Athletics. Scutaro singled to right. Hill lined out to center. Lind flied out to left. Millar popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Kennedy lined out to center. Davis walked. Suzuki safe at second on error by right fielder Rios, Davis to third. Cust struck out swinging. Sweeney singled to center, Davis and Suzuki scored. Everidge popped out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Braden pitching for Athletics. Wells flied out to left. Rios fouled out to first. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Patterson struck out looking. Ellis doubled to deep right. Pennington singled to right, Ellis to third. Kennedy flied out to right. Davis singled to left center, Ellis scored, Pennington to third. Suzuki flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Braden pitching for Athletics. Barajas flied out to right. McDonald flied out to center. Scutaro singled to left. Hill doubled to deep right center, Scutaro scored. Lind singled to right, Hill to third. Millar flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Cust walked. Sweeney flied out to left. Everidge singled to center, Cust to second. Patterson singled to center, Cust scored, Everidge to second. Ellis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Patterson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Braden pitching for Athletics. Wells flied out to left. Rios flied out to left. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Pennington walked. Kennedy doubled to left, Pennington to third. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Davis singled to left, Pennington scored, Kennedy to third, Davis to second advancing on throw. Suzuki grounded out to second. Cust intentionally walked. Sweeney walked, Kennedy scored, Davis to third, Cust to second. Everidge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davis scored, Sweeney out at second, Cust to third. Patterson safe at first on error by first baseman Millar, Cust scored, Everidge to second. Ellis struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Braden pitching for Athletics. Barajas flied out to right. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. Scutaro doubled to deep right. Inglett ran for Scutaro. Hill walked. Lind singled to center, Inglett scored, Hill to third. Millar flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Inglett in left field. Bautista at third base. McDonald at shortstop. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Pennington lined out to shortstop. Kennedy flied out to left. Davis walked. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Braden pitching for Athletics. Wells flied out to center. Rios flied out to center. Bautista flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Cust singled to center. Sweeney safe at first on error by shortstop McDonald, Cust to second. Everidge flied out to right, Cust to third. Patterson struck out swinging. Ellis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Braden pitching for Athletics. Barajas flied out to left. McDonald grounded out to second. Inglett hit by pitch. Hill doubled to deep right center, Inglett scored. Lind homered to center, Hill scored. Springer pitching for Athletics. Millar singled to center. Wells struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Rios flied out to right. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Barajas doubled to deep center. McDonald struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki reached on infield single to third. Cust walked, Suzuki to second. Sweeney flied out to left, Suzuki to third. Everidge grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cust out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Inglett flied out to left. Hill flied out to right. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Athletics 8.	Braden snaps personal skid as A's dispatch Jays