Athletics - Top 1st. Bannister pitching for Royals. Kennedy grounded out to pitcher. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Hairston flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Butler walked. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Butler out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Cust walked. Cust to second on wild pitch by Bannister. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cust out at third. Everidge singled to center, Suzuki scored. Sweeney flied out to left. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Everidge out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Callaspo grounded out to pitcher. Teahen walked. Jacobs singled to left center, Teahen to second. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jacobs out at second, Teahen to third. Betancourt singled to left, Teahen scored, Gordon to second. DeJesus flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Pennington doubled to deep right. Kennedy sacrificed to pitcher, Pennington to third. Davis hit sacrifice fly to left, Pennington scored. Hairston lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Anderson struck out swinging. Butler singled to left. Pena flied out to left. Callaspo singled to right, Butler to second. Teahen singled to right, Butler thrown out at home, Callaspo to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Cust singled to right. Cust to second on passed ball by Pena. Suzuki grounded out to first, Cust to third. Cust scored on Bannister's wild pitch. Everidge walked. Sweeney lined out to center. Ellis singled to center, Everidge to second. Pennington doubled to deep right, Everidge and Ellis scored. Kennedy walked. Davis reached on infield single to second, Pennington to third, Kennedy to second. Hairston singled to left, Pennington and Kennedy scored, Davis to second. Cust struck out looking. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Jacobs walked. Gordon popped out to second. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jacobs out at second. DeJesus tripled to deep center, Betancourt scored. Anderson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Suzuki popped out to shortstop. Everidge fouled out to catcher. Sweeney flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Butler doubled to right. Pena lined out to first. Callaspo flied out to right. Teahen walked. Jacobs singled to right, Butler scored, Teahen to third. Gordon grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Ellis struck out swinging. Pennington singled to right. Pennington stole second. Kennedy struck out swinging. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Betancourt doubled to left. DeJesus doubled to right center, Betancourt scored. Anderson struck out looking. Butler flied out to center. Pena grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Hairston struck out swinging. Cust flied out to left. Suzuki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Callaspo reached on infield single to shortstop. Callaspo to second on passed ball by Suzuki. Teahen grounded out to second, Callaspo to third. Buck hit for Jacobs. Buck struck out swinging. Gordon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Everidge grounded out to second. Sweeney homered to right. Ellis flied out to left. Bale pitching for Royals. Pennington flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Crosby at first base. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Betancourt flied out to left. DeJesus reached on infield single to second. Anderson singled to left, DeJesus to second. Butler grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Anderson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Bale pitching for Royals. Kennedy lined out to first. Davis reached on infield single to shortstop. Hairston doubled to deep left, Davis scored. Cust struck out looking. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Pena doubled to deep left center. Callaspo flied out to left. Teahen grounded out to second, Pena to third. Buck flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 9 - Royals 4.	A's win 4th in last five