Athletics - Top 1st. Bell pitching for Angels. Kennedy grounded out to shortstop. Davis singled to center. Davis caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Tomko pitching for Athletics. Figgins flied out to center. Abreu grounded out to first. Hunter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Bell pitching for Angels. Cust struck out swinging. Hairston flied out to center. Sweeney singled to center. Ellis fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Tomko pitching for Athletics. Guerrero popped out to shortstop. Rivera struck out swinging. Morales homered to center. Aybar singled to left. Kendrick walked, Aybar to second. Mathis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Bell pitching for Angels. Barton grounded out to second. Pennington doubled to right. Kennedy walked. Davis singled to left, Pennington to third, Kennedy to second. Suzuki singled to left, Pennington and Kennedy scored, Davis to third. Cust hit sacrifice fly to right, Davis scored. Hairston homered to center, Suzuki scored. Sweeney singled to left. Oliver pitching for Angels. Ellis grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Tomko pitching for Athletics. Figgins flied out to center. Abreu flied out to center. Hunter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Barton doubled to deep left center. Barton to third on passed ball by Mathis. Pennington struck out swinging. Kennedy singled to right, Barton scored. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kennedy out at second. Davis stole second. Davis to third on wild pitch by Oliver. Suzuki flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Tomko pitching for Athletics. Guerrero grounded out to second. Rivera fouled out to left. Morales doubled to deep center. Aybar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Cust struck out swinging. Hairston grounded out to third. Sweeney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Tomko pitching for Athletics. Kendrick struck out swinging. Mathis struck out swinging. Figgins safe at first on error by third baseman Kennedy. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 6th. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Ellis popped out to shortstop. Barton walked. Pennington grounded into fielder's choice to third, Barton out at second. Kennedy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Tomko pitching for Athletics. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Guerrero singled to center. Rivera flied out to center. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Morales doubled to deep right center, Guerrero scored. Aybar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Davis flied out to center. Suzuki lined out to third. Cust singled to deep right. Hairston flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics. Kendrick safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Kennedy. Mathis struck out swinging. Figgins singled to right, Kendrick to third. Abreu safe at first on error by first baseman Barton, Kendrick scored, Figgins to second. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Hunter grounded out to pitcher, Figgins to third, Abreu to second. Guerrero singled to right, Figgins and Abreu scored. Rivera reached on infield single to third, Guerrero to second. Morales homered to right center, Guerrero and Rivera scored. Aybar tripled to right. Kendrick singled to center, Aybar scored. Mathis struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Sweeney flied out to center. Ellis struck out swinging. Barton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Marshall pitching for Athletics. Figgins grounded out to third. Abreu singled to center. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Hunter singled to left, Abreu to second. Guerrero hit by pitch, Abreu to third, Hunter to second. Rivera hit sacrifice fly to right, Abreu scored, Hunter to third, Guerrero to second. Morales singled to left, Hunter scored, Guerrero to third. Aybar flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Pennington singled to right. Kennedy singled to center, Pennington to third. Davis struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to center, Pennington scored, Kennedy to second. Fuentes pitching for Angels. Cust flied out to left. Hairston fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 7 - Angels 11.	Morales 5 for 5 with two homers to lift Angels