Rangers - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Kinsler safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Kennedy. Andrus grounded out to second, Kinsler to second. Murphy grounded out to second, Kinsler to third. Jones safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Pennington, Kinsler scored. Blalock struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Kennedy grounded out to second. Davis fouled out to first. Sweeney grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. Davis grounded out to pitcher. Teagarden struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Cust singled to right. Powell struck out swinging. Barton flied out to center. Patterson walked, Cust to second. Buck walked, Cust to third, Patterson to second. Pennington grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Gentry struck out swinging. Kinsler singled to right. Kinsler stole second. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Murphy singled to left, Kinsler scored. Jones struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Kennedy singled to right center. Davis struck out looking. Kennedy stole second. Sweeney walked. Cust walked, Kennedy to third, Sweeney to second. Powell flied out to left. Barton walked, Kennedy scored, Sweeney to third, Cust to second. Patterson singled to right, Sweeney and Cust scored, Barton to third. Buck reached on infield single to shortstop, Barton scored, Patterson to second. Patterson to third, Buck to second on throwing error by shortstop Andrus. Pennington flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Blalock singled to right center. Byrd struck out swinging. Davis grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Blalock out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Kennedy doubled to deep left center. Davis tripled to deep left center, Kennedy scored. Sweeney hit sacrifice fly to right, Davis scored. Cust homered to center. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Powell flied out to right. Barton flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Teagarden singled to left. Gentry lined out to second. Kinsler flied out to center. Andrus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Patterson walked. Buck flied out to left. Patterson stole second. Pennington struck out swinging. Kennedy popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Murphy struck out swinging. Jones singled to left. Blalock grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jones out at second. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to center, Blalock safe at third on error by second baseman Patterson. Davis singled to right, Blalock scored, Byrd to second. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Borbon hit for Teagarden. Borbon walked, Byrd to third, Davis to second. Cruz hit for Gentry. Cruz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Richardson catching. Cruz in right field. Strop pitching for Rangers. Davis lined out to second. Sweeney popped out to second. Cust struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Andrus struck out swinging. Murphy walked. Jones grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Grilli pitching for Rangers. Powell walked. Barton walked, Powell to second. Patterson struck out swinging. Buck fouled out to third. Pennington tripled to deep right, Powell and Barton scored. Kennedy doubled to deep right, Pennington scored. Eyre pitching for Rangers. Davis lined out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Blalock struck out swinging. Byrd grounded out to third. Davis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Madrigal pitching for Rangers. Sweeney singled to right center. Cust struck out swinging. Powell walked, Sweeney to second. Sweeney to third, Powell to second on wild pitch by Madrigal. Barton grounded out to first, Sweeney scored, Powell to third. Patterson singled to right, Powell scored. Moscoso pitching for Rangers. Buck flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Carson in right field. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Richardson struck out looking. Cruz struck out swinging. Kinsler popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 3 - Athletics 12.	Cust's homer helps A's save win over Rangers