Athletics - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Davis flied out to center. Barton flied out to center. Ellis singled to left. Garciaparra flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Figgins grounded out to second. Abreu doubled to shallow center. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Guerrero singled to right, Abreu scored. Guerrero to second on wild pitch by Ed Gonzalez. Morales singled to right, Guerrero scored. Rivera hit by pitch, Morales to second. Izturis flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Crosby grounded out to third. Carson grounded out to shortstop. Powell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Napoli lined out to third. Aybar grounded out to second. Figgins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Patterson singled to right. Pennington doubled to deep left, Patterson to third. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Patterson out at home. Barton grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Abreu flied out to left. Hunter singled to right. Guerrero flied out to left. Hunter stole second. Morales homered to right, Hunter scored. Rivera hit by pitch. Izturis grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. Crosby flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Napoli homered to left. Aybar reached on infield single to third. Figgins flied out to right. Abreu flied out to left. Hunter popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Carson flied out to right. Powell grounded out to shortstop. Patterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Guerrero grounded out to pitcher. Morales walked. Rivera grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Morales out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Pennington struck out swinging. Davis flied out to center. Barton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Meloan pitching for Athletics. Izturis struck out looking. Napoli flied out to center. Aybar walked. Aybar caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Figgins batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Ellis singled to right center. Garciaparra singled to center, Ellis to third. Crosby walked, Garciaparra to second. Carson singled to left center, Ellis scored, Garciaparra to third, Crosby to second. Garciaparra scored, Crosby to third, Carson to second on wild pitch by Saunders. Powell singled to left, Crosby scored, Carson to third. Oliver pitching for Angels. Patterson bunt popped out to third. Pennington walked, Powell to second. Davis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pennington out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Figgins flied out to right. Abreu struck out looking. Hunter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Barton doubled to right. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Barton to third on wild pitch by Jepsen. Ellis walked. Garciaparra struck out swinging. Kennedy hit for Crosby. Kennedy hit sacrifice fly to right, Barton scored. Cust hit for Carson. Cust struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Kennedy at third base. Cust in right field. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Guerrero flied out to left. Morales singled to center. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Rivera singled to right center, Morales to third. Willits ran for Rivera. Izturis doubled to right, Morales and Willits scored, Izturis to third on error by second baseman Ellis. Napoli lined into double play, second to third, Izturis doubled off third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 9th. Willits in left field. Fuentes pitching for Angels. Powell flied out to center. Suzuki hit for Patterson. Suzuki popped out to second. Pennington singled to left. Davis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 4 - Angels 7.	Morales keys Angels as magic number cut to 2