Royals - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Indians. Tucker grounded out to shortstop. Randa grounded out to shortstop. Sweeney flied out to deep left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Bradley grounded out to third. Vizquel grounded out to pitcher. Burks flied out to left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Indians. Ibanez popped out to shallow left. Harvey homered to left. Berger fouled out to first. Berroa struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Spencer hit by pitch. Lawton popped out to shallow center. Bard singled to center, Spencer to second. Blake struck out looking. McDonald struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Indians. Mayne homered to right. Febles struck out swinging. Tucker grounded out to third. Randa doubled to left center. Sweeney flied out to deep right center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Phillips walked. Bradley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Phillips out at second. Vizquel batting. Burks singled to right, Bradley scored, Vizquel to third. Spencer singled to left, Vizquel scored, Burks to third. Lawton singled to center, Burks scored, Spencer to second. Bard grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lawton out at second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Indians. Ibanez flied out to shallow center. Harvey struck out swinging. Berger grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Blake flied out to left. McDonald flied out to right center. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Indians. Berroa doubled to right. Mayne grounded out to shortstop. Febles grounded out to shortstop. Tucker reached on bunt single to third, Berroa to third. Randa walked, Tucker to second. Sweeney doubled to deep left, Berroa, Randa and Tucker scored. Ibanez grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Bradley hit ground rule double to left. Vizquel sacrificed to pitcher, Bradley to third. Burks walked. Spencer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Burks out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Indians. Harvey flied out to center. Berger flied out to center. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Berroa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Lawton walked. Bard grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lawton out at second. Blake flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Anderson pitching for Indians. Mayne struck out swinging. Febles doubled to right, Febles out stretching at third. Tucker homered to right. Riske pitching for Indians. Randa walked. Sweeney struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Carrasco pitching for Royals. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Bradley homered to left center. Vizquel grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Riske pitching for Indians. Ibanez struck out swinging. Harvey hit by pitch. Berger reached on infield single to third, Harvey to second. Berroa struck out swinging. Sadler pitching for Indians. Johnson ran for Harvey. Mayne walked, Johnson to third, Berger to second. Febles singled to right center, Johnson and Berger scored, Mayne to third. Tucker hit by pitch, Febles to second. Paronto pitching for Indians. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Randa flied out to left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Burks struck out swinging. Spencer singled to right. Lawton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Spencer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Paronto pitching for Indians. Sweeney homered to left. Ibanez singled to center. Johnson singled to center, Ibanez to second. Berger struck out swinging. Berroa struck out swinging. Mayne singled to center, Ibanez scored, Johnson to third, Johnson scored, Mayne to second on throwing error by center fielder Bradley. Febles singled to center, Mayne scored. Bukvich pitching for Royals. Lopez at third base. Tucker struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Bukvich pitching for Royals. Bard struck out looking. Blake reached on infield single to shortstop. McDonald popped out to second. Blake to second on fielder's indifference. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 12 - Indians 4.	Royals bounce back from first loss with rout of Indians