Tigers - Top 1st. Asencio pitching for Royals. Higginson singled to left. Kingsale reached on bunt single to pitcher, Higginson to second. Pena struck out swinging. Young singled to left, Higginson to third, Kingsale to second. Munson walked, Higginson scored, Kingsale to third, Young to second. Monroe lined into double play, to shortstop, Young doubled off second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Relaford singled to left. Randa homered to left, Relaford scored. Beltran struck out swinging. Sweeney flied out to right. Ibanez grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Asencio pitching for Royals. Infante singled to center. Walbeck flied out to left. Santiago singled to right, Infante to third. Higginson singled to right, Infante scored, Santiago to third. Kingsale struck out swinging. Pena grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Harvey flied out to right center. Berger flied out to left center. Mayne fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Asencio pitching for Royals. Young grounded out to second. Munson flied out to center. Monroe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Berroa grounded out to third. Relaford lined out to left. Randa flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Asencio pitching for Royals. Infante flied out to center. Walbeck struck out swinging. Santiago walked. Santiago caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Higginson batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Beltran safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Munson, Beltran thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Sweeney grounded out to second. Ibanez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Asencio pitching for Royals. Higginson popped out to shortstop. Kingsale walked. Pena singled to right, Kingsale to second. Young reached on infield single to first, Kingsale to third, Pena to second. Munson hit sacrifice fly to center, Kingsale scored, Pena to third. Monroe grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Harvey flied out to right. Berger struck out swinging. Mayne lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Asencio pitching for Royals. Infante singled to right. Walbeck struck out swinging. Infante caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Santiago struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Berroa doubled to left center. Relaford sacrificed to third, Berroa to third. Randa hit sacrifice fly to right center, Berroa scored. Beltran flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Wilson pitching for Royals. Higginson lined out to right. Kingsale flied out to center. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Sweeney flied out to center. Ibanez struck out swinging. Harvey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Wilson pitching for Royals. Young singled to shallow right. Munson bunted into fielder's choice to third, Young out at second. Monroe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Munson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Berger grounded out to shortstop. Mayne grounded out to second. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Berroa flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Infante safe at first on throwing error by pitcher MacDougal. Lopez at first base. Walbeck sacrificed to first, Infante to second. Santiago walked. Higginson lined into double play, second to shortstop, Infante doubled off second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Relaford reached on infield single to shortstop, Relaford to second on throwing error by shortstop Infante. Randa sacrificed to pitcher, Relaford to third, Relaford scored, Randa safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Maroth. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 3 - Royals 4.	Late Tigers' error helps Royals remain unbeaten at home