Yankees - Top 1st. Abbott pitching for Royals. Soriano doubled to left. Johnson sacrificed to pitcher, Soriano to third. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Soriano out at home, Jeter to second advancing on play. Giambi hit by pitch. Williams singled to shallow left center, Jeter scored, Giambi to third. Williams stole second. Giambi scored, Williams to third on wild pitch by Abbott. Matsui walked. Posada singled to right center, Williams scored, Matsui to third, Posada out stretching at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Wells pitching for Yankees. Guiel flied out to center. Berroa doubled to right. Ibanez grounded out to second, Berroa to third. Sweeney doubled to right center, Berroa scored. Randa popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Abbott pitching for Royals. Boone flied out to left. Dellucci struck out swinging. Soriano lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Wells pitching for Yankees. Relaford grounded out to third. Difelice hit ground rule double to right. Matos popped out to first. Brown fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Abbott pitching for Royals. Johnson doubled to left. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Johnson out at third, Jeter to second advancing on play. Jeter stole third. Giambi homered to right, Jeter scored. Williams walked. Matsui doubled to left, Williams to third. Posada grounded out to first. Boone flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Wells pitching for Yankees. Guiel walked. Berroa grounded out to third, Guiel to second. Ibanez struck out looking. Sweeney walked. Randa singled to center, Guiel scored, Sweeney to third. Relaford doubled to left center, Sweeney scored, Randa to third. Difelice doubled to right center, Randa and Relaford scored. Matos flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Abbott pitching for Royals. Dellucci grounded out to pitcher. Soriano doubled to right. Soriano caught stealing third, catcher to third. Johnson walked. Hitchcock pitching for Yankees. Jeter flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Hitchcock pitching for Yankees. Brown flied out to shallow center. Guiel flied out to center. Berroa lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Abbott pitching for Royals. Giambi flied out to right. Williams lined out to center. Matsui homered to center. Posada doubled to right. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Boone grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Hitchcock pitching for Yankees. Ibanez flied out to center. Sweeney popped out to shallow right. Randa singled to right. Relaford flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Dellucci grounded out to second. Soriano struck out swinging. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Hitchcock pitching for Yankees. Difelice walked. Matos singled to left, Difelice to second. Difelice stole third. Brown struck out swinging, Matos stole second. Guiel doubled to left, Difelice and Matos scored. Berroa doubled to deep left, Guiel scored. Ibanez flied out to left. Berroa stole third. Sweeney flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Jeter grounded out to third. Lloyd pitching for Royals. Giambi flied out to shallow right. Williams doubled to left center. Matsui singled to right center, Williams scored. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Posada grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Hitchcock pitching for Yankees. Randa grounded out to third. Relaford popped out to shallow center. Difelice safe at first on error by third baseman Boone. Matos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 8th. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Boone grounded out to third. Dellucci grounded out to second. Soriano reached on infield single to shortstop, Soriano to second on throwing error by shortstop Berroa. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Brown doubled to deep right. Guiel sacrificed to first, Brown to third. Berroa grounded out to second. Orosco pitching for Yankees. Ibanez walked. Nelson pitching for Yankees. Sweeney doubled to shallow right, Brown and Ibanez scored. Randa doubled to right, Sweeney scored. Relaford intentionally walked. Difelice doubled to left, Randa scored, Relaford to third. Matos flied out to right center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Jeter doubled to right. Giambi doubled to deep left center, Jeter scored. Williams singled to right, Giambi scored. Matsui struck out swinging. Posada grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Williams out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 9 - Royals 12.	Royals double their fun in win against Yanks