Royals - Top 1st. Traber pitching for Indians. Berroa reached on infield single to shortstop. Beltran singled to left, Berroa to second. Sweeney lined out to right. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Beltran out at second, Berroa to third. Randa homered to left, Berroa and Ibanez scored. White doubled to left. Harvey singled to left, White scored, Harvey to second on error by catcher Bard. Lopez flied out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 1st. May pitching for Royals. Crisp struck out looking. Blake fouled out to catcher. Gerut struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Traber pitching for Indians. Mayne struck out swinging. Berroa reached on bunt single to third. Berroa stole second. Beltran walked. Berroa stole third, Beltran stole second. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop, Berroa scored, Beltran to third. Lee pitching for Indians. Ibanez singled to right, Beltran scored. Randa struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. May pitching for Royals. Escobar homered to left center. Martinez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Berroa. Broussard flied out to right. Bard singled to left, Martinez to second. Peralta doubled to right, Martinez scored, Bard to third. Phillips lined out to shortstop. Crisp doubled to deep right, Bard and Peralta scored, Crisp out stretching at third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. White grounded out to third. Harvey grounded out to shortstop. Lopez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. May pitching for Royals. Blake walked. Gerut struck out looking. Durbin pitching for Indians. Escobar struck out swinging. Blake caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Durbin pitching for Indians. Mayne struck out swinging. Berroa singled to left. Beltran struck out swinging. Sweeney safe at first on error by third baseman Blake, Berroa to third. Ibanez singled to center, Berroa scored, Sweeney to second. Randa singled to left center, Sweeney scored, Ibanez to second. White homered to left, Ibanez and Randa scored. Harvey struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. May pitching for Royals. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Broussard struck out looking. Bard walked. Peralta flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Durbin pitching for Indians. Lopez doubled to right. Mayne struck out swinging. Berroa tripled to deep right center, Lopez scored. Santiago pitching for Indians. Beltran walked. Sweeney grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Beltran out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. May pitching for Royals. Phillips singled to right center. Crisp struck out swinging. Blake struck out swinging. Gerut grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Santiago pitching for Indians. Ibanez singled to center. Randa grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ibanez out at second. White grounded into double play, third to second to first, Randa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. May pitching for Royals. Escobar struck out swinging. Martinez singled to right center. Broussard safe at first on error by shortstop Berroa, Martinez to second. Bard doubled to deep center, Martinez scored, Broussard to third. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Peralta fouled out to catcher. Phillips reached on infield single to shortstop, Broussard scored, Bard to third. Crisp doubled to deep right, Bard and Phillips scored. Blake flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 7th. Santiago pitching for Indians. Harvey safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Peralta. Lopez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Harvey out at second. Mayne walked. Berroa singled to left, Mayne to second. Levine pitching for Royals. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Berroa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 7th. Levine pitching for Royals. Gerut grounded out to first. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Baez pitching for Indians. Martinez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Baez pitching for Indians. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez struck out swinging. Randa lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Levine pitching for Royals. Broussard grounded out to shortstop. Bard singled to right. Peralta walked, Bard to second. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Peralta out at second, Bard to third. Crisp grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Indians. White popped out to second. Harvey grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez in left field. Guiel in right field. Leskanic pitching for Royals. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Leskanic pitching for Royals. Blake flied out to center. Gerut fouled out to catcher. Escobar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 12 - Indians 8.	Royals outslug Cleveland in sloppy contest