Tigers - Top 1st. Abbott pitching for Royals. Sanchez grounded out to first. Morris grounded out to first. Higginson singled to left. Young walked, Higginson to second. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Berroa singled to shallow right center. Beltran struck out looking. Sweeney struck out looking. Ibanez homered to center, Berroa scored. Randa singled to right. Guiel grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Abbott pitching for Royals. Monroe walked. Halter singled to right, Monroe to second. Inge sacrificed to pitcher, Monroe to third, Halter to second. Santiago grounded out to first, Monroe scored, Halter to third. Sanchez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Knotts pitching for Tigers. White walked. Relaford flied out to right. Mayne struck out looking. Berroa flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Abbott pitching for Royals. Morris grounded out to second. Higginson grounded out to pitcher. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Beltran homered to right. Sweeney flied out to right. Ibanez flied out to right. Randa doubled to deep left center. Guiel lined out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Abbott pitching for Royals. Pena singled to center. Monroe popped out to second. Halter flied out to right. Inge grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Knotts pitching for Tigers. White singled to left. Relaford grounded out to second, White to second. Mayne safe at first on error by second baseman Morris, White scored. Berroa struck out swinging. Beltran walked, Mayne to second. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltran out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Abbott pitching for Royals. Santiago singled to center. Sanchez reached on bunt single to first, Santiago to second. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Santiago scored, Sanchez to third, Morris to second on balk by Affeldt. Young singled to right, Morris scored. Pena flied out to right. Monroe singled to left, Young to second. Halter grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Knotts pitching for Tigers. Ibanez singled to center. Mears pitching for Tigers. Randa walked, Ibanez to second. Guiel lined out to third. White singled to shallow right, Ibanez scored, Randa to second. Relaford singled to center, Randa scored, White to third. Mayne grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Relaford out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Inge walked. Santiago grounded out to second, Inge to second. Sanchez bunt grounded out to catcher. Morris flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Mears pitching for Tigers. Berroa walked. German pitching for Tigers. Beltran struck out swinging, Berroa stole second. Berroa to third on wild pitch by German. Sweeney doubled to deep center, Berroa scored. Sweeney to third on wild pitch by German. Ibanez singled to right center, Sweeney scored. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Randa singled to left, Ibanez to second. Guiel popped out to shortstop. White doubled to deep left, Ibanez and Randa scored. Relaford walked. Schmack pitching for Tigers. Mayne reached on infield single to third, White to third, Relaford to second. Berroa reached on infield single to second, White scored, Relaford to third, Mayne to second. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Beltran lined out to center. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Higginson grounded out to third. Young grounded out to first. Petrick in right field. Infante at third base. Torres in center field. Pena struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Sweeney struck out swinging. Matos hit for Randa. Ibanez walked. DeJesus in center field. Matos at third base. Difelice catching. Matos grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Monroe walked. Hinch hit for Inge. Torres struck out swinging. Hinch homered to left, Monroe scored. Santiago grounded out to first. Hinch catching. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Petrick struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Guiel walked. White singled to center, Guiel to third. Relaford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Guiel scored, White out at second. Levine pitching for Royals. Difelice grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Relaford out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Levine pitching for Royals. Morris grounded out to shortstop. Walbeck hit for Young. Infante singled to shallow right. Walbeck grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Infante out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 6 - Royals 12.	Tigers suffer AL record 118th defeat