Cardinals - Top 1st. Cole pitching for Pirates. Carpenter singled to right. Wong grounded out to third, Carpenter to second. Holliday struck out looking. Craig grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Marte walked. Snider lined out to shortstop, Marte tagged out at second. McCutchen popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Adams lined out to left. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Alvarez homered to left (417 feet). Martin walked. Walker grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Martin out at second. Ishikawa lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Bourjos grounded out to first. Miller grounded out to second. Carpenter lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Mercer grounded out to third. Cole struck out looking. Marte tripled to deep center. Snider walked. McCutchen lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Wong singled to center. Holliday singled to center, Wong to second. Craig lined out to center. Molina flied out to left. Wong to third, Holliday to second on wild pitch by Cole. Adams walked. Peralta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Alvarez homered to center (434 feet). Martin struck out swinging. Walker flied out to left. Ishikawa homered to right (359 feet). Mercer grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Bourjos bunt grounded out to catcher. Miller singled to right. Carpenter homered to right (400 feet), Miller scored. Wong grounded out to shortstop. Holliday singled to center. Craig grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Cole flied out to center. Marte grounded out to second. Snider popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Adams grounded out to second. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen singled to center. Alvarez grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCutchen out at second. Alvarez stole second. Martin singled to center, Alvarez scored. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Walker singled to center, Martin to third. Sanchez hit for Ishikawa. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at shortstop. Walker stole second, Martin scored, Walker safe at third on throwing error by catcher Molina. Sanchez singled to center, Walker scored. Mercer hit by pitch, Sanchez to second. Cole grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mercer out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Sanchez at first base. Cole pitching for Pirates. Bourjos grounded out to pitcher. Descalso grounded out to first. Carpenter walked. Wong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Marte singled to right. Snider singled to left, Marte to third. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Marte out at home, McCutchen to second, Snider to second, Snider to third advancing on throw. Alvarez intentionally walked. Martin singled to right, Snider scored, McCutchen to third, Alvarez to second. Walker lined into double play, pitcher to first, Martin out at first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Morris pitching for Pirates. Holliday struck out looking. Craig grounded out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Cruz catching. Butler pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez struck out looking. Mercer singled to left. Tabata hit for Morris. Tabata doubled to deep left, Mercer scored. Marte singled to left, Tabata to third. Snider singled to left, Tabata scored, Marte to third. McCutchen tripled to deep right, Marte and Snider scored. Alvarez grounded out to shortstop, McCutchen scored. Martin grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Marte in center field. Wilson pitching for Pirates. Tabata in left field. Robinson hit for Adams. Robinson walked. Cruz walked, Robinson to second. Bourjos struck out swinging. Descalso grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cruz out at second, Robinson to third. Kozma hit for Carpenter. Kozma grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 2 - Pirates 12.	Alvarez homers twice as Pirates crush Cards