Cardinals - Top 1st. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Wong struck out swinging. Craig grounded out to pitcher. Holliday grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Gomez struck out looking. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Lucroy lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Adams grounded out to pitcher. Molina grounded out to second. Peralta singled to center. Jay lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez singled to left. Davis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. Gennett singled to right. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Descalso struck out looking. Kelly struck out looking. Wong grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Schafer safe at first on error by first baseman Adams. Peralta sacrificed to third, Schafer to second. Gomez doubled to deep center, Schafer scored. Segura grounded out to first, Gomez to third. Lucroy flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 4th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Craig walked. Holliday grounded out to first. Adams singled to left, Craig to second. Molina flied out to right. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez grounded out to third. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Gennett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Jay grounded out to second. Descalso flied out to center. Kelly bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Reynolds grounded out to second. Schafer struck out looking. Peralta safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta. Gomez walked, Peralta to second. Segura reached on infield single to shortstop, Peralta to third, Gomez to second. Lucroy singled to right, Peralta and Gomez scored, Segura to second, Segura to third advancing on throw. Ramirez singled to left, Segura scored, Lucroy to second. Davis flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Wong grounded out to pitcher. Craig homered to right. Holliday singled to center. Adams fouled out to third. Molina singled to left, Holliday to second. Peralta flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Gennett grounded out to second. Reynolds flied out to right. Schafer singled to left. Peralta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Jay singled to center. Descalso grounded out to pitcher, Jay to second. Carpenter hit for Choate. Smith pitching for Brewers. Carpenter singled to center, Jay to third. Robinson hit for Wong. Robinson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Carpenter out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Butler pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at second base. Carpenter at third base. Gomez struck out looking. Segura grounded out to third. Lucroy lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Thornburg pitching for Brewers. Craig struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to first. Adams popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Butler pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop. Davis hit by pitch, Ramirez to second. Gennett walked, Ramirez to third, Davis to second. Neshek pitching for Cardinals. Overbay hit for Reynolds. Overbay walked, Ramirez scored, Davis to third, Gennett to second. Schafer grounded into fielder's choice to first, Davis out at home, Gennett to third, Overbay to second. Weeks hit for Thornburg. Weeks struck out swinging. Gomez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Overbay at first base. Rodriguez pitching for Brewers. Molina reached on infield single to third. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Molina out at second. Jay singled to left, Peralta to third. Jay stole second. Descalso flied out to left. Carpenter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 1 - Brewers 5.	Peralta, Brewers avoid sweep against Cards