Cardinals - Top 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Carpenter flied out to left. Peralta hit by pitch. Holliday safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez, Peralta advanced to third on play. Craig singled to center, Peralta scored, Holliday to third. Molina singled to left, Holliday scored, Craig to third. Adams hit sacrifice fly to left, Craig scored. Jay singled to right, Molina to second. Ellis singled to center, Molina scored, Jay to second. Miller grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Snider lined out to second. Walker flied out to left. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Carpenter flied out to center. Peralta reached on infield single to second. Holliday lined out to right. Craig grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Alvarez singled to left. Tabata lined out to right. Davis popped out to third. Mercer lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Molina singled to right. Adams grounded into double play, second to third to first, Molina out at second. Jay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez singled to shallow right. Morton struck out bunting foul. Snider grounded out to shortstop, Sanchez to second. Walker hit by pitch. McCutchen walked, Sanchez to third, Walker to second. Alvarez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Ellis walked. Miller struck out looking. Carpenter struck out swinging. Ellis stole second. Peralta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. Davis walked. Mercer homered to left (389 feet), Davis scored. Sanchez singled to left. Morton struck out looking. Sanchez picked off first. Snider batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Craig singled to right. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Craig out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Snider walked. Walker flied out to right. Snider to second on passed ball by Molina. McCutchen walked. Alvarez popped out to shortstop. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Adams lined out to center. Jay struck out swinging. Ellis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Davis popped out to shortstop. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Mercer grounded out to second. Sanchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Mazzaro pitching for Pirates. Garcia singled to center. Carpenter grounded out to second, Garcia to second. Peralta safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez. Holliday popped out to first. Craig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Harrison lined out to center. Sanchez singled to left center. Walker struck out looking. McCutchen walked, Sanchez to second. Alvarez singled to center, Sanchez scored, McCutchen to second. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Tabata flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Morris pitching for Pirates. Molina grounded out to third. Adams reached on infield single to third. Jay singled to right, Adams to second. Ellis struck out swinging. Bourjos singled to right, Adams scored, Jay to third. Jay scored, Bourjos to second on wild pitch by Morris. Carpenter intentionally walked. Peralta walked, Bourjos to third, Carpenter to second. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Davis singled to left center. Mercer doubled to left, Davis to third. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop, Davis scored. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. Decker flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Descalso grounded out to pitcher. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Adams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Walker doubled to left. McCutchen singled to center, Walker scored. Alvarez singled to right center, McCutchen to third. Barmes walked, Alvarez to second. Davis fouled out to second. Mercer grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, McCutchen out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 6 - Pirates 5.	Cards hold off Pirates; Miller wins 4th in row