Cardinals - Top 1st. Flande pitching for Rockies. Carpenter grounded out to first. Holliday walked. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Holliday out at second. Peralta doubled to deep left, Adams to third. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Gonzales pitching for Cardinals. Blackmon grounded out to third. Stubbs struck out looking. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Flande pitching for Rockies. Craig struck out swinging. Bourjos struck out swinging. Ellis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Gonzales pitching for Cardinals. Morneau grounded out to third. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Dickerson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Flande pitching for Rockies. Gonzales doubled to center. Carpenter grounded out to second, Gonzales to third. Holliday singled to left center, Gonzales scored. Adams flied out to right. Peralta grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Gonzales pitching for Cardinals. Rutledge popped out to first. LeMahieu walked. Flande struck out bunting foul. Blackmon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Flande pitching for Rockies. Molina grounded out to second. Craig grounded out to third. Bourjos grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Gonzales pitching for Cardinals. Stubbs homered to left (434 feet). Tulowitzki fouled out to catcher. Morneau singled to right. Rosario doubled to deep right center, Morneau to third. Dickerson doubled to center, Morneau and Rosario scored. Rutledge walked. LeMahieu singled to right, Dickerson scored, Rutledge to third. Flande grounded out to shortstop, Rutledge scored, LeMahieu to second. Blackmon grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Flande pitching for Rockies. Ellis doubled to deep left center. Gonzales sacrificed to pitcher, Ellis to third. Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to left, Ellis scored. Holliday doubled to deep center. Adams homered to left (402 feet), Holliday scored. Peralta struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Gonzales pitching for Cardinals. Stubbs grounded out to third. Tulowitzki singled to right. Morneau singled to shallow center, Tulowitzki to second. Rosario flied out to right. Dickerson lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Molina flied out to center. Craig lined out to right. Bourjos singled to right. Bourjos stole second. Ellis walked. Jay hit for Gonzales. Jay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Rutledge reached on infield single to second. LeMahieu sacrificed to pitcher, Rutledge to second. Wheeler hit for Kahnle. Wheeler grounded out to first, Rutledge to third. Blackmon doubled to center, Rutledge scored. Stubbs struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Carpenter walked. Holliday singled to right, Carpenter to second. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Holliday out at second, Carpenter to third. Peralta hit sacrifice fly to right, Carpenter scored. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Adams out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Neshek pitching for Cardinals. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Morneau fouled out to third. Rosario flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Culberson at third base. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Craig singled to right. Bourjos flied out to right. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Craig out at second. Descalso hit for Neshek. Descalso doubled to left, Ellis scored. Carpenter doubled to center, Descalso scored. Holliday flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Dickerson struck out swinging. Culberson grounded out to second. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. LeMahieu lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Masset pitching for Rockies. Adams singled to right. Adams stole second. Adams safe at third on throwing error by catcher Rosario. Peralta walked. Molina hit sacrifice fly to center, Adams scored. Craig hit sacrifice fly to right, Peralta scored. Bourjos lined out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Barnes hit for Masset. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Barnes walked. Blackmon struck out swinging. Stubbs walked, Barnes to second. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Morneau lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 9 - Rockies 6.	Adams homers, Cardinals rally to beat Rockies 9-6