Cardinals - Top 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Carpenter singled to center. Holliday grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carpenter out at second. Adams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Blanco grounded out to pitcher. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Craig grounded out to third. Molina flied out to right. Peralta grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Sandoval walked. Morse grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sandoval out at second. Colvin singled to left. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Taveras doubled to right. Ellis singled to right, Taveras to third. Wainwright struck out swinging. Carpenter singled to center, Taveras scored, Ellis to third. Holliday singled to right, Ellis scored, Carpenter to second. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to first, Holliday out at second, Carpenter to third. Craig grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Panik grounded out to second. Vogelsong walked. Blanco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vogelsong out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Molina singled to center. Peralta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Molina out at second. Taveras lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Pence grounded out to third. Posey flied out to center. Sandoval lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Ellis lined out to second. Wainwright struck out swinging. Carpenter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Morse flied out to center. Colvin grounded out to second. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Adams struck out looking. Craig grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Panik singled to center. Vogelsong sacrificed to third, Panik to second. Blanco grounded out to pitcher, Panik to third. Pence grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Molina struck out swinging. Peralta walked. Taveras struck out swinging. Ellis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Bourjos in center field. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Posey lined out to center. Sandoval grounded out to third. Morse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Wainwright flied out to right. Carpenter reached on infield single to shortstop. Holliday singled to center, Carpenter to second. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Holliday out at second, Carpenter to third. Gutierrez pitching for Giants. Craig grounded into fielder's choice to third, Adams out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Colvin flied out to center. Crawford popped out to second. Panik singled to center. Sanchez hit for Gutierrez. Sanchez singled to right, Panik to third. Neshek pitching for Cardinals. Perez ran for Sanchez. Blanco popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Romo pitching for Giants. Molina struck out swinging. Peralta flied out to right. Bourjos flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Pence reached on infield single to second. Posey grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pence out at second. Sandoval grounded into fielder's choice to first, Posey out at second. Morse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 2 - Giants 0.	Wainwright, Cards stymie Giants, stop skid