Cardinals - Top 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Carpenter walked. Holliday flied out to left. Adams struck out swinging. Peralta homered to left center (382 feet), Carpenter scored. Molina walked. Taveras flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Pence flied out to right. Panik fouled out to third. Posey singled to right center. Sandoval grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Ellis struck out swinging. Jay lined out to center. Martinez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Colvin grounded out to pitcher. Duvall struck out swinging. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Carpenter doubled to right. Holliday grounded out to second. Adams grounded out to first, Carpenter to third. Peralta popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Blanco doubled to right. Bumgarner singled to left, Blanco scored. Pence struck out swinging. Panik grounded out to first, Bumgarner to second. Posey grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Molina singled to left center. Taveras struck out looking. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Molina safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Duvall. Jay doubled to left, Molina scored, Ellis to third. Martinez singled to center, Ellis and Jay scored. Carpenter struck out swinging. Holliday walked, Martinez to second. Adams struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Sandoval struck out swinging. Colvin struck out swinging. Duvall grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Peralta struck out looking. Molina reached on infield single to third. Taveras grounded into double play, third to second to first, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Crawford grounded out to second. Blanco reached on bunt single to pitcher. Arias lined out to shortstop. Pence reached on infield single to shortstop, Blanco to second. Panik walked, Blanco to third, Pence to second. Posey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Gutierrez pitching for Giants. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Jay reached on bunt single to third. Robinson tripled to deep right, Jay scored. Carpenter flied out to left. Holliday flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Sandoval grounded out to pitcher. Colvin walked. Duvall singled to right, Colvin to second. Crawford singled to right, Colvin scored, Duvall to third on error by right fielder Taveras. Blanco struck out swinging. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Petit pitching for Giants. Adams doubled to deep right. Peralta singled to left, Adams to third. Molina struck out swinging. Taveras grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Adams scored, Peralta safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Petit. Ellis struck out swinging. Jay struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 7th. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Pence struck out looking. Panik grounded out to pitcher. Posey grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Petit pitching for Giants. Maness singled to left. Carpenter doubled to deep right, Maness to third. Holliday struck out looking. Adams intentionally walked. Peralta flied out to left, Maness tagged out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Sandoval grounded out to pitcher. Colvin grounded out to second. Duvall grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Lopez pitching for Giants. Molina singled to center. Taveras singled to center, Molina to second. Descalso grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Taveras out at second, Molina to third. Jay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Crawford struck out swinging. Blanco struck out swinging. Hicks popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Giants 2.	Peralta powers Cardinals past Giants 7-2