Cardinals - Top 1st. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Carpenter singled to right. Wong singled to left, Carpenter to second. Holliday singled to center, Carpenter to third, Wong to second. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Carpenter scored, Holliday out at second, Wong to third. Peralta singled to center, Wong scored, Adams to second. Jay walked, Adams to third, Peralta to second. Taveras lined out to center, Adams out at home. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Markakis reached on infield single to third. Machado singled to left, Markakis to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Machado out at second, Markakis to third. Cruz doubled to deep left, Markakis scored, Jones to third. Davis struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Cruz struck out swinging. Descalso struck out swinging. Carpenter grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Joseph struck out looking. Flaherty struck out looking. Schoop fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Wong singled to center. Holliday struck out swinging. Adams struck out swinging. Wong to second on wild pitch by Gausman. Peralta walked. Jay singled to right, Wong scored, Peralta to third, Jay to second advancing on throw. Taveras struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Markakis singled to center. Machado struck out looking. Jones singled to left center, Markakis to second. Cruz walked, Markakis to third, Jones to second. Davis struck out swinging. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Cruz struck out swinging. Descalso lined out to right. Carpenter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Joseph flied out to center. Flaherty grounded out to first. Schoop grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Wong singled to right. Holliday grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wong out at second. Adams singled to right. Peralta fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Markakis singled to right center. Machado singled to center, Markakis to second. Jones lined out to center, Markakis to third. Markakis scored, Machado to second on wild pitch by Lynn. Cruz flied out to center. Davis flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Jay reached on infield single to third. Taveras singled to center, Jay to second. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Taveras out at second, Jay to third. Descalso singled to right, Jay scored, Cruz to second. Carpenter struck out looking. Wong reached on infield single to second, Cruz to third, Descalso to second. Holliday flied out to center. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Young singled to shallow right. Joseph singled to left, Young to second. Flaherty grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Joseph out at second, Young to third. Schoop fouled out to catcher. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Markakis singled to center, Young scored, Flaherty to third. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Machado popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Adams grounded out to shortstop. Peralta singled to right center. Jay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Peralta safe at second on error by second baseman Schoop. Taveras grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jay out at second, Peralta to third. Bourjos ran for Taveras. Cruz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Jay in right field. Bourjos in center field. Neshek pitching for Cardinals. Jones struck out swinging. Cruz struck out looking. Davis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Orioles. Descalso doubled to left. Carpenter hit ground rule double to deep right center, Descalso scored. Wong struck out swinging. Carpenter caught stealing third, catcher to third. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Neshek pitching for Cardinals. Young struck out looking. Joseph struck out swinging. Flaherty grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Adams struck out swinging. Peralta singled to left. Jay walked, Peralta to second. Bourjos homered to right (367 feet), Peralta and Jay scored. Cruz struck out swinging. Descalso grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Schoop struck out swinging. Markakis struck out swinging. Machado flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 8 - Orioles 3.	Cards knock around Orioles to avoid sweep