Cardinals - Top 1st. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Carpenter walked. Wong struck out swinging. Holliday walked, Carpenter to second. Adams lined out to center. Peralta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Yelich doubled to left. Valdespin sacrificed to third, Yelich to third. Stanton homered to right (380 feet), Yelich scored. McGehee singled to right. Jones struck out swinging. Ozuna struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Pierzynski flied out to center. Jay grounded out to shortstop. Taveras grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Saltalamacchia flied out to left. Hechavarria lined out to center. Koehler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Miller struck out swinging. Carpenter fouled out to left. Wong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Yelich grounded out to first. Valdespin flied out to center. Stanton homered to left center (470 feet). McGehee doubled to deep center. Jones lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Holliday doubled to deep right center. Adams struck out swinging. Peralta struck out swinging. Pierzynski singled to left center, Holliday scored. Jay homered to right (391 feet), Pierzynski scored. Taveras singled to center. Miller singled to right, Taveras to second. Carpenter flied out to center. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Ozuna struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia singled to center. Hechavarria tripled to deep right, Saltalamacchia scored. Koehler struck out looking. Yelich singled to center, Hechavarria scored. Yelich stole second. Valdespin lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Wong lined out to right. Holliday singled to right. Adams grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Stanton walked. McGehee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stanton out at second. Jones walked. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Peralta singled to left. Pierzynski singled to right, Peralta to second. Hatcher pitching for Marlins. Jay flied out to center. Taveras grounded out to pitcher, Peralta to third, Pierzynski to second. Descalso hit for Miller. Descalso grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Hechavarria grounded out to third. Solano hit for Hatcher. Solano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Carpenter struck out swinging. Wong grounded out to second. Holliday doubled to deep right center. Adams fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Yelich reached on bunt single to first. Valdespin singled to left, Yelich to second. Yelich to third, Valdespin to second on wild pitch by Freeman, Yelich scored, Valdespin safe at third on throwing error by catcher Pierzynski. Stanton struck out swinging. McGehee grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Valdespin out at home. McGehee stole second. Jones struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 8th. Morris pitching for Marlins. Peralta singled to center. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Jay lined into double play, second to first, Peralta doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Greenwood pitching for Cardinals. Ozuna struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia singled to center. Hechavarria grounded out to third, Saltalamacchia to second. Baker hit for Morris. Baker grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. Bourjos hit for Greenwood. Bourjos walked. Carpenter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bourjos out at second. Wong tripled to deep right, Carpenter scored. Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop, Wong scored. Robinson ran for Holliday. Adams struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Marlins 6.	Stanton hits 2 HRs, sets Marlins mark