Cardinals - Top 1st. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Carpenter grounded out to second. Jay grounded out to shortstop. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gennett lined out to left. Braun flied out to right. Lucroy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Adams lined out to right. Molina grounded out to first. Taveras singled to shallow right. Bourjos flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez struck out swinging. Parra singled to left. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Parra out at second. Maldonado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Wong flied out to left. Wainwright grounded out to second. Carpenter lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Segura flied out to right. Nelson grounded out to pitcher. Gennett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Jay reached on infield single to shortstop. Peralta singled to left center, Jay to third. Adams hit sacrifice fly to left, Jay scored. Molina walked, Peralta to second. Taveras singled to center, Peralta scored, Molina to second. Bourjos tripled to deep center, Molina and Taveras scored. Wong struck out swinging. Wainwright popped out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Braun reached on infield single to second. Lucroy grounded out to catcher, Braun to second. Ramirez grounded out to third, Braun to third. Parra lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Carpenter walked. Jay struck out swinging. Carpenter out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Davis singled to right. Maldonado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Davis out at second. Segura singled to left. Clark hit for Nelson. Clark lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Adams struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to second. Taveras struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gennett flied out to center. Braun lined out to right. Lucroy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Kintzler pitching for Brewers. Bourjos singled to left. Wong singled to right, Bourjos to third. Wong stole second, Bourjos scored, Wong safe at third on throwing error by catcher Maldonado. Wainwright struck out swinging. Carpenter reached on infield single to shortstop, Wong scored, Carpenter out at second. Jay grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez singled to center. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ramirez out at second. Davis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Figaro pitching for Brewers. Schafer in left field. Peralta singled to right center. Adams struck out swinging. Molina flied out to center, Peralta to second on throwing error by center fielder Parra. Taveras reached on infield single to second, Peralta to third. Bourjos grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Herrera hit for Maldonado. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Herrera fouled out to third. Overbay hit for Segura. Overbay grounded out to second. Schafer lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Herrera at shortstop. Pagnozzi catching. Figaro pitching for Brewers. Wong doubled to deep right center. Wainwright struck out swinging. Carpenter singled to right, Wong scored. Jay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Carpenter out at second. Peralta homered to left (383 feet), Jay scored. Wang pitching for Brewers. Scruggs hit for Adams. Scruggs struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Kozma at shortstop. Scruggs at first base. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gennett doubled to left. Gomez hit for Braun. Gomez singled to center, Gennett scored. Lucroy flied out to right. Rogers hit for Ramirez. Rogers walked, Gomez to second. Parra grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Rogers out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 9 - Brewers 1.	Cards drop Brewers to 3rd place