Rockies - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Blackmon doubled to right. Cuddyer struck out looking. Morneau grounded out to pitcher. Arenado lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Carpenter walked. Grichuk reached on infield single to shortstop, Carpenter to second. Holliday homered to left (439 feet), Carpenter and Grichuk scored. Peralta flied out to center. Molina struck out swinging. Scruggs struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Dickerson singled to center. Rosario flied out to right. Ynoa reached on infield single to shortstop, Dickerson to second. LeMahieu lined out to second. De La Rosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Bourjos struck out looking. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Wainwright flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Blackmon singled to left. Cuddyer struck out swinging, Blackmon stole second. Morneau struck out swinging. Arenado doubled to deep left, Blackmon scored. Dickerson reached on infield single to third, Arenado to third. Rosario struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Carpenter struck out looking. Grichuk struck out swinging. Holliday safe at first on error by first baseman Morneau. Holliday stole second. Peralta singled to right, Peralta out at second, Holliday scored advancing on play. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ynoa grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher. De La Rosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Scruggs walked. Bourjos hit by pitch, Scruggs to second. Ellis struck out swinging. Wainwright flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Blackmon grounded out to second. Cuddyer lined out to shortstop. Morneau lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Carpenter flied out to center. Grichuk grounded out to third. Holliday grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Arenado lined out to left. Dickerson struck out swinging. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Paulsen at first base. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Peralta walked. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peralta out at second. Scruggs singled to left. Bourjos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Scruggs out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ynoa lined out to shortstop. LeMahieu grounded out to third. Parker hit for De La Rosa. Parker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Masset pitching for Rockies. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Wainwright grounded out to shortstop. Carpenter grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Blackmon grounded out to first. Cuddyer grounded out to third. Paulsen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Masset pitching for Rockies. Grichuk walked. Holliday singled to left, Grichuk to second. Peralta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Holliday out at second, Grichuk to third. Molina doubled to deep right, Grichuk scored. Adams hit for Scruggs. Scahill pitching for Rockies. Adams intentionally walked. Bourjos flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Adams at first base. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Arenado fouled out to first. Dickerson struck out swinging. Rosario reached on infield single to shortstop. Rosario to second on fielder's indifference. Ynoa reached on infield single to shortstop, Rosario to third. LeMahieu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 1 - Cardinals 5.	Wainwright wins 18th as Cards beat Rockies