Cardinals - Top 1st. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter singled to left. Grichuk grounded into double play, third to second to first, Carpenter out at second. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte doubled to right, Inciarte out stretching at third. Pollock struck out looking. Peralta homered to right (376 feet). Trumbo homered to left (419 feet). Montero lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta struck out swinging. Adams lined out to left. Molina walked. Jay singled to right, Molina to second. Ellis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Lamb lined out to left. Pennington reached on infield single to first. Gregorius flied out to center. Miley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Lynn struck out swinging. Carpenter singled to center. Grichuk singled to left, Carpenter to second. Holliday walked, Carpenter to third, Grichuk to second. Peralta hit sacrifice fly to center, Carpenter scored. Adams struck out swinging, Adams safe at first on wild pitch by Miley, Grichuk scored, Holliday to second. Molina reached on infield single to shortstop, Holliday to third, Adams to second. Jay struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte struck out swinging. Pollock flied out to right. Peralta singled to right. Trumbo walked, Peralta to second. Montero grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellis struck out swinging. Lynn lined out to shortstop. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Lamb singled to left. Pennington flied out to left. Gregorius struck out looking. Miley singled to center, Lamb to second. Inciarte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Grichuk flied out to right. Holliday lined out to left. Peralta singled to left. Adams walked, Peralta to second. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Pollock singled to left center. Peralta struck out swinging. Pollock caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Trumbo safe at first on error by left fielder Holliday. Montero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Jay grounded out to second. Wong hit for Ellis. Wong struck out swinging. Lynn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Bourjos in center field. Jay in left field. Wong at second base. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Lamb flied out to center. Pennington grounded out to first. Gregorius singled to right. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter popped out to shortstop. Grichuk lined out to center. Bourjos struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte grounded out to first. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Pollock reached on infield single to second. Peralta singled to center, Pollock to second. Trumbo homered to left (379 feet), Pollock and Peralta scored. Montero grounded out to second. Lamb grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta grounded out to second. Adams singled to right. Molina popped out to first. Jay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Pennington safe at first on error by third baseman Carpenter. Gregorius bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pennington out at second. Pacheco hit for Delgado. Pacheco singled to center, Gregorius to second. Inciarte grounded out to pitcher, Gregorius to third, Pacheco to second. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Pollock grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 9th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong struck out swinging. Taveras hit for Motte. Taveras lined out to shortstop. Carpenter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 2 - Diamondbacks 5.	D-backs keep Cards from title