White Sox - Top 1st. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Podsednik grounded out to second. Anderson struck out swinging. Thome walked. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Stewart doubled to left. Swisher sacrificed to pitcher, Stewart to third. Kielty hit by pitch. Piazza doubled to deep center, Stewart and Kielty scored. Chavez doubled to left, Piazza scored. Ellis walked. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ellis out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Dye singled to center. Crede popped out to second. Iguchi singled to right, Dye to second. Uribe singled to center, Dye scored, Iguchi to third, Uribe to second advancing on throw. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Iguchi out at home, Uribe to third, Molina to second. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Kendall flied out to center. Scutaro walked. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to third, Scutaro out at second. Swisher flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Anderson grounded out to third. Thome singled to left center. Konerko lined out to shortstop. Dye grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Kielty struck out looking. Piazza grounded out to third. Chavez popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Crede grounded out to shortstop. Iguchi walked. Uribe flied out to center. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to third, Iguchi out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Ellis flied out to right. Walker grounded out to second. Kendall flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Podsednik walked. Anderson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Podsednik out at second. Thome struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Scutaro flied out to left. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Swisher singled to right, Swisher to second on error by right fielder Dye. Kielty flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Calero pitching for Athletics. Konerko reached on infield single to shortstop. Dye batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Piazza grounded out to third. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. Ellis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Pierzynski hit for Molina. Marshall pitching for Athletics. Uribe popped out to shortstop. Pierzynski walked. Pierzynski catching. Podsednik grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Pierzynski out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Walker lined out to second. Kendall flied out to center. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Erstad hit for Anderson. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Erstad struck out swinging. Thome singled to center. Konerko struck out looking. Dye homered to center, Thome scored. Erstad in center field. Aardsma pitching for White Sox. Crede struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Aardsma pitching for White Sox. Stewart grounded out to third. Swisher popped out to shortstop. Street pitching for Athletics. Kielty struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Street pitching for Athletics. Iguchi flied out to center. Uribe singled to left. Pierzynski walked, Uribe to second. Podsednik walked, Uribe to third, Pierzynski to second. Erstad hit sacrifice fly to left, Uribe scored, Pierzynski to third, Podsednik to second. Thome intentionally walked. Embree pitching for Athletics. Konerko doubled to deep left, Pierzynski and Podsednik scored, Thome to third. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Dye fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Piazza grounded out to shortstop. Chavez struck out swinging. Ellis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 6 - Athletics 3.	White Sox pitchers shut down A's after quick start