White Sox - Top 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Iguchi grounded out to first. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Bautista homered to left. McLouth flied out to center. Bay walked. LaRoche struck out looking. Nady singled to center, Bay to second. Castillo flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Dye doubled to deep right center. Terrero bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Dye out at third. Terrero to second on balk by Duke. Fields struck out looking. Terrero to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Paulino flied out to right. Wilson singled to right, Wilson to second on error by right fielder Dye. Duke singled to center, Wilson to third. Bautista struck out swinging. McLouth doubled to deep center, Wilson and Duke scored. Bay struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Uribe lined out to right. Hall singled to center. Vazquez bunted into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second, Hall out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. LaRoche flied out to left. Nady struck out swinging. Castillo lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez singled to right. Iguchi doubled to deep right center, Gonzalez to third. Konerko hit sacrifice fly to right, Gonzalez scored, Iguchi to third. Dye singled to center, Iguchi scored. Terrero singled to left, Dye to second. Fields hit ground rule double to right, Dye scored, Terrero to third. Uribe doubled to left, Terrero and Fields scored. Hall grounded out to third. Vazquez flied out to right. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Paulino doubled to deep center. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Paulino to third. Duke sacrificed to pitcher, Wilson to second. Bautista popped out to second. McLouth doubled to right, Paulino and Wilson scored. Bay struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop. Konerko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. LaRoche grounded out to second. Nady struck out looking. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Dye grounded out to second. Terrero struck out swinging. Fields grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Paulino popped out to shortstop. Duffy hit for Duke. Wilson struck out swinging. Chacon pitching for Pirates. Duffy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Chacon pitching for Pirates. Uribe singled to left. Owens hit for Vazquez. Hall bunted into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second, Uribe out at second. Masset pitching for White Sox. Owens grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Masset pitching for White Sox. Bautista struck out looking. McLouth walked. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to third, McLouth out at second. Logan pitching for White Sox. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. LaRoche hit ground rule double to deep left center, Bay to third. Nady singled to center, Bay and LaRoche scored. Castillo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Chacon pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Iguchi singled to shallow right. Konerko walked, Iguchi to second. Mackowiak hit for Terrero. Marte pitching for Pirates. Dye struck out swinging. Gonzalez in center field. Mackowiak in left field. Mackowiak flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Paulino lined out to center. Davis hit for Marte. Wilson singled to center. Davis grounded out to pitcher, Wilson to second. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Bautista doubled to deep right, Wilson scored. Capps pitching for Pirates. McLouth struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Fields singled to left. Cintron hit for Hall. Uribe flied out to center. Pierzynski hit for Thornton. Cintron safe at first on error by second baseman Castillo, Fields to third. Thome hit for Gonzalez. Pierzynski singled to center, Fields scored, Cintron to third. Thome hit sacrifice fly to left, Cintron scored, Pierzynski to second. Iguchi flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 7 - Pirates 8.	White Sox make noise in ninth but fall to Pirates