White Sox - Top 1st. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Podsednik struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Thome singled to left. Konerko singled to left, Thome to second. Pierzynski grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Garland pitching for White Sox. Iwamura flied out to center. Gomes lined out to pitcher. Crawford flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Iguchi struck out swinging. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Cintron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Wigginton flied out to left. Pena struck out swinging. Norton walked. Young lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Uribe tripled to deep left center. Podsednik grounded out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop, Uribe scored. Thome struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Navarro flied out to right. Wilson doubled to deep left. Iwamura popped out to shortstop. Gomes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Konerko struck out swinging. Pierzynski flied out to right. Iguchi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Crawford grounded out to second. Wigginton popped out to second. Pena grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Cintron grounded out to first. Uribe singled to left. Podsednik reached on infield single to pitcher, Uribe to third, Uribe scored, Podsednik to second on throwing error by pitcher Shields. Gonzalez homered to right center, Podsednik scored. Thome homered to left. Konerko reached on infield single to third. Pierzynski singled to right, Konerko to second. Iguchi grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Norton homered to right. Young flied out to left. Navarro safe at first on error by first baseman Konerko. Wilson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Navarro out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Mackowiak grounded out to first. Cintron flied out to center. Uribe grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Iwamura grounded out to first. Gomes singled to left. Crawford flied out to left. Wigginton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gomes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Shields pitching for Devil Rays. Podsednik struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out looking. Thome struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Pena singled to right. Norton struck out swinging. Young reached on infield single to third, Pena to second. Navarro grounded out to first, Pena to third, Young to second. Wilson hit by pitch. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Iwamura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Fossum pitching for Devil Rays. Konerko flied out to center. Pierzynski singled to left. Iguchi lined out to left. Mackowiak singled to right, Pierzynski to second. Cintron singled to right, Pierzynski scored, Mackowiak to third, Cintron out stretching at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Gomes walked. Crawford flied out to left. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Wigginton grounded into double play, second to first to second to first to second to first, Gomes out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Uribe grounded out to second. Podsednik grounded out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Pena flied out to center. Norton struck out looking. Young safe at first on error by third baseman Cintron. Navarro singled to center, Young to third. Navarro to second on fielder's indifference. Wilson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: White Sox 6 - Devil Rays 1.	Gonzalez strikes again for ChiSox in win over Rays