White Sox - Top 1st. Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays. Podsednik flied out to left. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Thome struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Iwamura struck out swinging. Harris grounded out to shortstop. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Fields struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Wigginton grounded out to pitcher. Young grounded out to second. Pena walked. Gomes singled to left, Pena to second. Casanova walked, Pena to third, Gomes to second. Wilson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays. Mackowiak singled to right. Cintron popped out to third. Uribe singled to left, Mackowiak to second. Podsednik grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Uribe out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Iwamura singled to right. Harris doubled to deep right, Iwamura to third. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. Wigginton walked. Young struck out swinging. Pena hit by pitch, Iwamura scored, Harris to third, Wigginton to second. Gomes grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays. Gonzalez flied out to left. Thome struck out looking. Konerko hit by pitch. Pierzynski flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Casanova singled to left. Wilson fouled out to first. Iwamura reached on infield single to third, Casanova to second. Harris reached on infield single to third, Casanova to third, Iwamura to second. Crawford grounded out to first, Casanova scored, Iwamura to third, Harris to second. Wigginton grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays. Fields struck out swinging. Mackowiak popped out to shortstop. Cintron struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Young singled to left center, Young to second on error by left fielder Podsednik. Pena singled to right, Young to third. Gomes hit sacrifice fly to left, Young scored, Pena to second. Casanova struck out swinging. Wilson flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays. Uribe struck out swinging. Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Podsednik out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Iwamura flied out to center. Harris reached on infield single to third. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harris out at second. Wigginton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays. Thome singled to right. Konerko flied out to center. Pierzynski singled to right, Thome to second. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Fields singled to left, Thome to third, Pierzynski to second, Thome scored on error by left fielder Crawford. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Cintron singled to left, Pierzynski scored, Fields to third. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cintron out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Young flied out to left. Pena grounded out to first. Gomes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Glover pitching for Devil Rays. Podsednik tripled to deep left center. Gonzalez singled to left, Podsednik scored. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Thome singled to right center, Gonzalez to second. Gonzalez to third, Thome to second on wild pitch by Camp. Konerko doubled to left, Gonzalez and Thome scored. Pierzynski intentionally walked. Fields sacrificed to first, Konerko to third, Pierzynski to second. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Cintron walked. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Uribe struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Casanova walked. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Casanova out at second. Iwamura struck out swinging, Wilson stole second. Logan pitching for White Sox. Harris walked. Reyes pitching for Devil Rays. Crawford popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Reyes pitching for Devil Rays. Podsednik flied out to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Thome walked. Terrero in center field. Gonzalez in right field. Mackowiak in left field. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Konerko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Wigginton flied out to right. Young grounded out to third. Pena lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 5 - Devil Rays 3.	Buehrle wants to stay, shows ChiSox with victory