White Sox - Top 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Owens walked. Owens stole second. Cintron singled to center, Owens to third. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko doubled to left, Owens scored, Cintron to third. Pierzynski intentionally walked. Dye singled to left, Cintron scored, Konerko to third, Pierzynski to second. Mackowiak walked, Konerko scored, Pierzynski to third, Dye to second. Fields grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mackowiak out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Roberts doubled to deep right. Gomez flied out to right. Markakis doubled to deep right, Roberts scored. Millar struck out swinging. Huff grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Uribe struck out swinging. Owens reached on infield single to second. Cintron grounded out to first, Owens to second. Thome walked. Konerko singled to left, Owens scored, Thome to second. Pierzynski grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Hernandez fouled out to catcher. Payton struck out swinging. Patterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Dye singled to right. Mackowiak doubled to left, Dye to third. Fields grounded out to shortstop, Dye scored, Mackowiak to third. Uribe fouled out to left. Owens struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Hernandez lined out to left. Roberts walked. Gomez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Roberts out at second. Markakis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Cintron lined out to right. Thome singled to left. Konerko struck out swinging. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Millar walked. Huff popped out to catcher. Hernandez singled to deep right center, Millar to third. Payton struck out looking. Patterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Dye struck out swinging. Mackowiak struck out looking. Fields grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Hernandez grounded out to second. Roberts flied out to center. Gomez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Uribe safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Gomez. Owens struck out swinging. Cintron flied out to left. Thome grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Markakis grounded out to pitcher. Millar homered to left. Huff grounded out to second. Hernandez hit ground rule double to deep right. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Payton homered to left center, Hernandez scored. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Patterson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Konerko singled to left. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Pierzynski reached on bunt single to third, Konerko to second. Dye grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pierzynski out at second, Konerko to third. Mackowiak grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Roberts walked. Gomez grounded out to third, Roberts to second. Markakis walked. Bukvich pitching for White Sox. Logan pitching for White Sox. Millar hit by pitch, Roberts to third, Markakis to second. Huff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Fields struck out swinging. Uribe popped out to second. Owens reached on bunt single to first. Owens stole second. Walker pitching for Orioles. Cintron singled to right, Owens scored, Cintron to second advancing on throw. Masset pitching for White Sox. Thome lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Masset pitching for White Sox. Hernandez struck out swinging. Payton safe at first on error by second baseman Cintron. Gibbons hit for Hernandez. Patterson singled to right, Payton to second. Gibbons lined out to left. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Fahey at shortstop. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 9th. Walker pitching for Orioles. Konerko lined out to second. Pierzynski singled to right. Terrero hit for Mackowiak. Dye flied out to right. Owens in left field. Iguchi at second base. Terrero in center field. Terrero fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Gomez reached on infield single to third. Markakis singled to center, Gomez to second. Millar struck out swinging. Huff singled to left center, Gomez scored, Markakis to second. Hernandez flied out to right, Markakis to third. Markakis scored, Huff to second on wild pitch by Jenks. Ray pitching for Orioles. Payton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 10th. Ray pitching for Orioles. Fields struck out swinging. Uribe grounded out to second. Haeger pitching for White Sox. Owens grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 10th. Haeger pitching for White Sox. Patterson singled to center. Patterson stole second. Fahey flied out to right, Patterson to third. Roberts intentionally walked. Roberts to second on fielder's indifference. Gomez grounded out to second. Markakis singled to left, Patterson scored, Roberts to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 6 - Orioles 7.	O's persist, top ChiSox in 10th with walk-off single