White Sox - Top 1st. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Owens grounded out to second. Cintron flied out to left. Thome flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Garland pitching for White Sox. Damon popped out to second. Cabrera flied out to center. Abreu singled to right center. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Konerko singled to left. Pierzynski singled to center, Konerko to second. Dye doubled to deep center, Konerko scored, Pierzynski to third. Erstad reached on infield single to first, Pierzynski scored, Dye to third. Uribe singled to left center, Dye scored, Erstad to second. Richar flied out to center. Owens grounded into fielder's choice to second, Erstad to third, Uribe safe at second on error by second baseman Cano. Cintron grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Erstad out at home, Uribe to third, Owens to second. Thome singled to left, Uribe and Owens scored, Cintron to second. Konerko doubled to left, Cintron scored, Thome to third. Pierzynski singled to center, Thome and Konerko scored. Dye doubled to right, Pierzynski to third. Myers pitching for Yankees. Erstad walked. Karstens pitching for Yankees. Uribe flied out to center. 8 Runs, 9 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Matsui singled to right. Posada doubled to right, Matsui to third. Cano singled to right, Matsui scored, Posada to third. Betemit homered to center, Posada and Cano scored. Phillips reached on infield single to shortstop. Damon struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left, Phillips to second. Abreu singled to center, Phillips scored, Cabrera to third. Rodriguez singled to left, Cabrera scored, Abreu to second. Logan pitching for White Sox. Matsui struck out swinging, Abreu stole third, Rodriguez stole second. Posada hit ground rule double to right, Abreu and Rodriguez scored. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to third, Posada out at third. 8 Runs, 9 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Karstens pitching for Yankees. Richar grounded out to first. Owens flied out to center. Cintron grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Logan pitching for White Sox. Betemit struck out looking. Phillips popped out to shortstop. Damon reached on infield single to third. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Podsednik hit for Thome. Karstens pitching for Yankees. Podsednik doubled to deep center. Konerko grounded out to third. Pierzynski grounded out to second, Podsednik to third. Dye homered to left, Podsednik scored. Erstad singled to right. Uribe fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Logan pitching for White Sox. Abreu grounded out to second. Bukvich pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez singled to right center. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rodriguez out at second. Posada grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Karstens pitching for Yankees. Richar doubled to deep right center. Owens grounded out to pitcher. Cintron grounded out to first, Richar to third. Podsednik singled to left, Richar scored. Konerko struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Fields at third base. Bukvich pitching for White Sox. Cano flied out to left. Betemit walked. Phillips flied out to left. Damon singled to right, Betemit to second. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Dye struck out swinging. Erstad flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez in left field. Bukvich pitching for White Sox. Abreu homered to right. Rodriguez fouled out to first. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Matsui struck out swinging. Posada struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Villone pitching for Yankees. Uribe struck out swinging. Richar walked. Richar to second on wild pitch by Villone. Owens reached on bunt single to second, Richar to third. Fields popped out to second, Richar tagged out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Cano walked. Jeter hit for Betemit. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Jeter struck out swinging. Phillips singled to left, Cano to second. Damon lined into double play, first to shortstop, Cano doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Jeter at shortstop. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Molina catching. Podsednik flied out to left. Konerko homered to left. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Dye homered to center. Gonzalez safe at first on error by second baseman Cano. Uribe flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 8th. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Abreu struck out looking. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Henn pitching for Yankees. Richar flied out to left. Owens struck out swinging. Fields struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Matsui struck out looking. Molina flied out to center. Cano struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 13 - Yankees 9.	White Sox wallop Yanks on day of crazy 8s