White Sox - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Owens reached on infield single to shortstop. Fields grounded out to shortstop, Owens to second. Thome walked. Dye grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Thome out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Garland pitching for White Sox. Suzuki struck out looking. Vidro doubled to deep right. Guillen homered to left, Vidro scored. Ibanez flied out to left. Beltre homered to right center. Sexson flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Erstad walked. Uribe grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Erstad out at second. Podsednik grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Lopez grounded out to third. Burke singled to left. Betancourt popped out to first. Suzuki singled to right, Burke to second. Vidro walked, Burke to third, Suzuki to second. Guillen singled to center, Burke and Suzuki scored, Vidro to second. Ibanez lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Hall doubled to deep left center. Richar walked. Owens tripled to deep right, Hall and Richar scored. Fields struck out swinging. Thome hit by pitch. Dye grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Thome out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Beltre flied out to center. Sexson singled to left. Lopez popped out to shortstop. Burke safe at first on error by shortstop Uribe, Sexson to second. Betancourt doubled to left, Sexson scored, Burke to third. Suzuki singled to right, Burke and Betancourt scored. Vidro singled to center, Suzuki to third. Bukvich pitching for White Sox. Suzuki scored, Vidro to second on wild pitch by Bukvich. Guillen walked. Ibanez walked, Vidro to third, Guillen to second. Beltre walked, Vidro scored, Guillen to third, Ibanez to second. Sexson flied out to left. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Erstad doubled to left. Uribe grounded out to second, Erstad to third. Podsednik reached on infield single to second, Erstad scored. Hall safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt, Podsednik to second. Podsednik to third, Hall to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Richar grounded out to shortstop, Podsednik scored, Hall to third. Owens struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Bukvich pitching for White Sox. Lopez flied out to center. Burke flied out to right. Betancourt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Fields homered to right. Thome flied out to left. Dye grounded out to third. Erstad grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Suzuki tripled to right. Vidro grounded out to third. Guillen hit sacrifice fly to right, Suzuki scored. Ibanez walked. Beltre flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Uribe struck out looking. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. Hall singled to center. Richar singled to left, Hall to second. Owens struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. Lopez flied out to center. Burke flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Fields singled to deep center. Thome struck out looking. Dye singled to left center, Fields to second. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Erstad struck out swinging. Uribe walked, Fields to third, Dye to second. Podsednik fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Logan pitching for White Sox. Betancourt tripled to deep right. Suzuki grounded out to first. Vidro flied out to right. Guillen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Jones in right field. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Hall fouled out to third. Richar lined out to left. Owens struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Ibanez flied out to center. Beltre struck out swinging. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Fields struck out looking. Thome struck out swinging. Dye grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 5 - Mariners 11.	Guillen, Mariners rip ChiSox, keep wild-card lead