Indians - Top 1st. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Sizemore grounded out to first. Cabrera struck out swinging. Hafner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Owens walked. Fields grounded into fielder's choice to third, Owens out at second. Thome singled to center, Fields to second. Dye hit by pitch, Fields to third, Thome to second. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to first, Fields scored, Dye out at second, Thome to third, Thome scored on throwing error by shortstop Peralta. Pierzynski stole second. Erstad grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 2nd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Martinez popped out to third. Garko lined out to second. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. Richar flied out to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Lofton walked. Gomez flied out to right. Francisco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lofton out at second. Sizemore flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Owens grounded out to pitcher. Fields popped out to shortstop. Thome grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Cabrera walked. Hafner lined out to left. Martinez singled to right, Cabrera to third. Garko hit by pitch, Martinez to second. Peralta grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Garko out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Dye doubled to left. Pierzynski fouled out to left. Erstad walked. Uribe grounded out to second, Dye to third, Erstad to second. Richar grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Lofton flied out to left. Gomez safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Gonzalez. Francisco struck out swinging. Sizemore singled to center, Gomez scored. Cabrera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Gonzalez lined out to left. Owens flied out to left. Fields grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Hafner grounded out to second. Martinez grounded out to first. Garko singled to center. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Garko out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Thome lined out to center. Dye struck out swinging. Pierzynski doubled to deep right. Erstad grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Lofton reached on bunt single to pitcher. Gomez sacrificed to first, Lofton to second. Francisco singled to left, Lofton scored. Myers pitching for White Sox. Sizemore popped out to shortstop. Cabrera homered to left, Francisco scored. Hafner grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Gutierrez in right field. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Uribe walked. Richar struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Uribe out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Bukvich pitching for White Sox. Martinez doubled to deep right. Garko grounded out to second, Martinez to third. Peralta walked. Lofton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Peralta to second. Gomez hit sacrifice fly to right, Martinez scored, Peralta to third, Lofton to second. Gutierrez flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Owens singled to left. Fields struck out swinging. Thome grounded out to first, Owens to second. Dye struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Broadway pitching for White Sox. Sizemore doubled to center. Sizemore to third on passed ball by Pierzynski. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right, Sizemore scored. Hafner walked. Martinez struck out looking. Garko lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Fultz pitching for Indians. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Erstad struck out swinging. Uribe popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 6 - White Sox 2.	Rookie Cabrera's two-run homer powers Indians