Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Parra grounded out to second. Hill struck out looking. Goldschmidt walked. Prado fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon doubled to right center. Cuddyer singled to right, Blackmon scored. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cuddyer out at second. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Montero grounded out to second. Trumbo flied out to center. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Morneau walked. Rosario fouled out to third. Arenado flied out to left. LeMahieu grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Pollock struck out swinging. Delgado struck out swinging. Parra grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Nicasio grounded out to second. Blackmon singled to right. Cuddyer singled to right, Blackmon to third. Gonzalez tripled to deep right, Blackmon and Cuddyer scored. Tulowitzki singled to center, Gonzalez scored. Morneau lined out to center. Rosario singled to center, Tulowitzki to second. Arenado struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Hill flied out to center. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Prado reached on infield single to shortstop. Montero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu singled to left. Nicasio struck out bunting foul. Blackmon homered to right (393 feet), LeMahieu scored. Cuddyer struck out looking. Gonzalez flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Trumbo homered to left center (446 feet). Owings grounded out to second. Pollock struck out swinging. Delgado grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki walked. Morneau singled to center, Tulowitzki to second. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morneau out at second, Tulowitzki to third. Arenado struck out swinging. LeMahieu intentionally walked, Rosario to second. Nicasio grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Hill hit ground rule double to left. Goldschmidt flied out to left. Prado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon doubled to left. Blackmon caught stealing third, catcher to third. Chavez at third base. Cuddyer safe at first on error by shortstop Owings. Gonzalez homered to right (443 feet), Cuddyer scored. Tulowitzki singled to right. Morneau flied out to left. Rosario lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Montero grounded out to first. Trumbo struck out swinging. Owings singled to center. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu flied out to center. Barnes hit for Nicasio. Barnes tripled to deep right center. Blackmon singled to right, Barnes scored. Cuddyer singled to left, Blackmon to second. Gonzalez walked, Blackmon to third, Cuddyer to second. Culberson hit for Tulowitzki. Culberson hit by pitch, Blackmon scored, Cuddyer to third, Gonzalez to second. Morneau grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Blackmon in left field. Stubbs in center field. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Culberson at shortstop. Barnes in right field. Campana hit for Ziegler. Campana grounded out to shortstop. Parra struck out swinging, Parra safe at first on wild pitch by Bettis. Hill doubled to deep left, Parra to third. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to second, Parra scored, Hill to third. Chavez flied out to center. Montero flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Arenado flied out to center. LeMahieu walked. LeMahieu to second on balk by Perez. Barnes walked. Blackmon doubled to deep left, LeMahieu and Barnes scored. Stubbs grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Trumbo reached on infield single to third. Owings lined out to left. Pollock singled to left, Trumbo to second. Pennington hit for Perez. Pennington lined out to left. Parra grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 2 - Rockies 12.	Blackmon (6 hits) ties Rockies record