Braves - Top 1st. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Heyward grounded out to second. Upton struck out swinging. Freeman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Braves. Blackmon doubled to deep right. Rutledge struck out swinging. Morneau grounded out to second, Blackmon to third. Rosario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Johnson fouled out to first. La Stella singled to center. Simmons lined out to left. Laird grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Braves. Dickerson doubled to deep left center, Dickerson out stretching at third. Stubbs struck out swinging. Culberson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Schafer bunt grounded out to pitcher. Santana struck out looking. Heyward popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Braves. LeMahieu walked. LeMahieu caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Chacin singled to right center. Blackmon homered to right (387 feet), Chacin scored. Rutledge struck out swinging. Morneau struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Upton bunt grounded out to pitcher. Freeman grounded out to second. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Braves. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Dickerson fouled out to third. Stubbs lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. La Stella doubled to deep right. Simmons popped out to shortstop. Laird struck out swinging. Schafer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Braves. Culberson struck out swinging. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Chacin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Santana struck out swinging. Heyward flied out to center. Upton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Santana pitching for Braves. Blackmon grounded out to second. Rutledge grounded out to shortstop. Morneau homered to right center (407 feet). Rosario struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Freeman grounded out to third. Johnson walked. La Stella batting. Simmons grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, La Stella out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Santana pitching for Braves. Dickerson doubled to right center. Stubbs walked. Culberson singled to left, Dickerson scored, Stubbs to second, Stubbs to third, Culberson to second on error by catcher Laird. LeMahieu grounded out to first. Wheeler hit for Chacin. Walden pitching for Braves. Wheeler hit sacrifice fly to right, Stubbs scored. Blackmon intentionally walked. Rutledge reached on infield single to second, Culberson to third, Blackmon to second. Morneau singled to center, Culberson and Blackmon scored, Rutledge to third. Rutledge scored, Morneau to second on wild pitch by Walden. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 8th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Laird walked. Schafer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Laird out at second. Doumit hit for Walden. Doumit grounded out to second, Schafer to second. Heyward singled to deep right, Schafer scored. Upton homered to left (378 feet), Heyward scored. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Freeman walked. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Carpenter pitching for Braves. Gattis catching. Dickerson hit by pitch. Varvaro pitching for Braves. Stubbs grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dickerson out at second. Culberson singled to center, Stubbs to third. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stubbs scored, Culberson out at second. Barnes hit for Brothers. Barnes singled to left, LeMahieu to second. Blackmon doubled to deep right, LeMahieu scored, Barnes to third. Rutledge walked. Morneau struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Masset pitching for Rockies. La Stella grounded out to second. Simmons flied out to center. Gattis hit by pitch. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Schafer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gattis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 3 - Rockies 10.	4 tossed as tempers flare in Rockies-Braves