Brewers - Top 1st. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Weeks struck out swinging. Braun flied out to left. Lucroy popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Blackmon singled to center. Stubbs grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blackmon safe at second on error by second baseman Weeks. Blackmon stole third, Stubbs stole second. Tulowitzki lined out to second. Morneau singled to left, Blackmon and Stubbs scored. Dickerson struck out looking. Rutledge flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 2nd. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Gomez singled to shallow left. Advanced to second on error by third baseman Rutledge. Ramirez flied out to right, Gomez to third. Davis safe at second on error by third baseman Rutledge, Gomez scored. Reynolds singled to center, Davis scored. Segura hit by pitch, Reynolds to second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Segura out at second, Reynolds to third, Reynolds scored, Peralta to second on throwing error by second baseman LeMahieu. Weeks tripled to deep center, Peralta scored. Braun struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Peralta pitching for Brewers. McKenry grounded out to second. LeMahieu grounded out to second. Friedrich singled to right. Blackmon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Lucroy walked. Gomez flied out to center. Ramirez singled to right, Lucroy to second. Davis flied out to center. Reynolds doubled to deep right, Lucroy scored, Ramirez to third. Segura intentionally walked. Ramirez scored, Reynolds to third, Segura to second on wild pitch by Friedrich, Segura and Reynolds scored on throwing error by catcher McKenry. Peralta struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Stubbs grounded out to shortstop. Tulowitzki singled to left. Morneau flied out to left. Dickerson singled to third. Rutledge grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 4th. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Weeks grounded out to second. Braun singled to right. Lucroy flied out to right. Gomez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. McKenry struck out looking. LeMahieu grounded out to third. Friedrich grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Ramirez homered to center (427 feet). Davis grounded out to third. Reynolds flied out to left. Segura popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Blackmon grounded out to first. Stubbs grounded out to second. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Peralta walked. Weeks grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Peralta out at second. Braun grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Morneau reached on infield single to shortstop. Dickerson homered to left (389 feet), Morneau scored. Rutledge grounded out to shortstop. McKenry grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Masset pitching for Rockies. Lucroy flied out to center. Gomez reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramirez singled to right center, Gomez to third. Davis struck out swinging. Reynolds hit by pitch, Ramirez to second. Segura lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Wheeler hit for Masset. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Wheeler grounded out to first. Blackmon grounded out to second. Stubbs grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Weeks grounded out to second. Braun grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Tulowitzki walked. Morneau popped out to third. Dickerson doubled to right center, Tulowitzki to third. Rutledge grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Tulowitzki out at home, Dickerson to third. Wooten pitching for Brewers. McKenry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Lucroy flied out to center. Gomez flied out to center. Herrera hit for Ramirez. Herrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Herrera at third base. Wooten pitching for Brewers. LeMahieu singled to center. Culberson hit for Hawkins. Culberson flied into double play, right to first, LeMahieu doubled off first. Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers. Blackmon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 9 - Rockies 4.	Ramirez helps Brewers to 9-4 win over Rockies