Cardinals - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Carpenter flied out to center. Holliday grounded out to third. Craig singled to right. Adams grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Blackmon singled to center. Dickerson walked, Blackmon to second. Dickerson caught stealing second, catcher to second, Blackmon to third on runner's fielder's choice. Tulowitzki walked. Morneau singled to right, Blackmon scored, Tulowitzki to second. Rosario singled to right, Tulowitzki to third, Morneau to second. Wheeler singled to deep left, Tulowitzki and Morneau scored, Rosario to second. Barnes struck out swinging. LeMahieu lined out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Peralta grounded out to third. Bourjos grounded out to first. Ellis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Cardinals. De La Rosa grounded out to third. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop. Dickerson walked. Tulowitzki singled to center, Dickerson to second. Morneau grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tulowitzki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Cruz reached on infield single to pitcher, Cruz to second on throwing error by pitcher De La Rosa. Miller sacrificed to pitcher, Cruz to third. Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to right, Cruz scored. Holliday lined out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Rosario doubled to deep right center. Wheeler grounded out to shortstop, Rosario to third. Barnes struck out swinging. LeMahieu intentionally walked. De La Rosa walked, LeMahieu to second. Greenwood pitching for Cardinals. Blackmon flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Craig grounded out to third. Adams singled to deep right. Peralta homered to left (418 feet), Adams scored. Bourjos singled to shallow right. Ellis singled to left center, Bourjos to second. Cruz grounded out to second, Bourjos scored, Ellis to second. Greenwood grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Greenwood pitching for Cardinals. Dickerson singled to left center. Tulowitzki walked, Dickerson to second. Morneau homered to right (397 feet), Dickerson and Tulowitzki scored. Rosario grounded out to second. Wheeler singled to right center. Barnes flied out to left. LeMahieu singled to right center, Wheeler to second. De La Rosa grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Carpenter grounded out to second. Holliday doubled to left. Craig singled to left center, Holliday scored. Adams flied out to center. Peralta popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Greenwood pitching for Cardinals. Blackmon reached on infield single to pitcher. Blackmon stole second. Dickerson grounded out to second, Blackmon to third. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Morneau grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Bourjos grounded out to shortstop. Ellis singled to left. Cruz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ellis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Wheeler struck out swinging. Barnes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Robinson hit for Maness. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Robinson struck out swinging. Carpenter flied out to left. Holliday singled to left. Craig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. LeMahieu doubled to right. Culberson hit for De La Rosa. Culberson bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, LeMahieu out at third. Blackmon hit by pitch, Culberson to second. Dickerson reached on infield single to shortstop, Culberson to third, Blackmon to second. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Culberson out at home, Blackmon to third, Dickerson to second. Morneau singled to right, Blackmon and Dickerson scored, Tulowitzki to second. Rosario popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Culberson at third base. Adams struck out swinging. Peralta walked. Bourjos singled to right, Peralta to second. Ellis flied out to right. Molina hit for Cruz. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Molina singled to center, Peralta to third, Bourjos to second. Jay hit for Freeman. Jay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Molina catching. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Stubbs hit for Ottavino. Stubbs homered to left (446 feet). Barnes struck out swinging. LeMahieu singled to right. LeMahieu stole second. Culberson grounded out to second, LeMahieu to third. Blackmon singled to right, LeMahieu scored. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Dickerson grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Carpenter lined out to right. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Craig lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Rockies 10.	Rockies end 7-game slide as Morneau stars