Rockies - Top 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Blackmon hit by pitch. Arenado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blackmon out at second. Gonzalez walked. Tulowitzki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Polanco grounded out to second. Harrison struck out swinging. McCutchen safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Arenado. Martin lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Dickerson reached on bunt single to third. Rosario grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dickerson out at second. Culberson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Walker struck out swinging. Sanchez walked. Alvarez singled to left, Sanchez to second. Mercer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Alvarez out at second, Sanchez to third. Morton popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. LeMahieu grounded out to third. Anderson grounded out to second. Blackmon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Polanco grounded out to second. Harrison grounded out to second. McCutchen singled to center. Martin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez popped out to second. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Rutledge at shortstop. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Walker doubled to left. Sanchez hit ground rule double to deep left, Walker scored. Alvarez grounded out to shortstop. Mercer grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sanchez out at third, Mercer to second. Morton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Dickerson singled to right. Rosario lined out to center. Dickerson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Culberson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Polanco struck out swinging. Harrison popped out to second. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Morton pitching for Pirates. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Anderson flied out to left. Blackmon singled to right. Blackmon caught stealing second, catcher to second. Arenado batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Martin struck out looking. Walker flied out to center. Sanchez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Arenado doubled to deep right center. Gonzalez homered to right (365 feet), Arenado scored. Rutledge flied out to center. Dickerson grounded out to pitcher. Rosario popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Anderson pitching for Rockies. Alvarez struck out looking. Mercer struck out swinging. Martinez hit for Morton. Martinez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Frieri pitching for Pirates. Culberson struck out looking. LeMahieu grounded out to second. Barnes hit for Anderson. Barnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Polanco lined out to left. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Harrison walked. Harrison to second on wild pitch by Ottavino. McCutchen walked. Martin reached on infield single to shortstop, Harrison to third, McCutchen to second. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Walker singled to right, Harrison scored, McCutchen thrown out at home, Martin to third. Snider hit for Sanchez. Snider struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Davis at first base. Blackmon popped out to third. Arenado struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Alvarez grounded out to second. Mercer walked. Davis grounded out to first, Mercer to second. Polanco lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 10th. Wilson pitching for Pirates. Rutledge reached on infield single to third. Dickerson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rutledge out at second. Rosario grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dickerson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 10th. Brown pitching for Rockies. Harrison struck out swinging. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Martin grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 11th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Culberson hit by pitch. LeMahieu sacrificed to pitcher, Culberson to second. Stubbs hit for Brown. Stubbs reached on infield single to third, Culberson to third. Blackmon lined into double play, pitcher to third, Culberson out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 11th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Walker singled to center. Stewart hit for Hughes. Stewart sacrificed to pitcher, Walker to second. Alvarez intentionally walked. Mercer doubled to center, Walker scored, Alvarez to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 2 - Pirates 3.	Pirates rally by Rockies 3-2 in 11 innings