Nationals - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Span singled to center. Hairston grounded into fielder's choice to third, Span scored, Hairston safe at second on throwing error by second baseman LeMahieu. Rendon grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche struck out swinging. Desmond struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Blackmon grounded out to first. Rutledge doubled to left. Dickerson doubled to right, Rutledge scored. Arenado walked. Paulsen singled to center, Dickerson scored, Arenado to second. Stubbs struck out looking. McKenry singled to right, Arenado scored, Paulsen to third. LeMahieu fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Harper struck out swinging. Espinosa flied out to left. Lobaton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. De La Rosa lined out to third. Blackmon reached on infield single to second. Rutledge struck out swinging. Dickerson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Strasburg struck out swinging. Span singled to right center. Span stole second. Hairston struck out swinging. Rendon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Arenado struck out swinging. Paulsen grounded out to shortstop. Stubbs struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. LaRoche struck out swinging. Desmond bunt grounded out to pitcher. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. McKenry grounded out to second. LeMahieu singled to center. De La Rosa sacrificed to third, LeMahieu to second. Blackmon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Espinosa doubled to deep left. Lobaton grounded out to shortstop. Espinosa stole third. Strasburg struck out swinging. Span singled to center, Espinosa scored, Span to second on error by left fielder Dickerson. Hairston grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Rutledge doubled to deep left. Dickerson doubled to deep center, Rutledge to third. Arenado grounded out to third. Paulsen intentionally walked. Stubbs grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Paulsen out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Rendon lined out to center. LaRoche singled to right center. Desmond singled to deep right center, LaRoche to third. Harper struck out swinging. Espinosa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Desmond out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. McKenry walked. LeMahieu struck out looking. De La Rosa singled to shallow left, McKenry to second. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Blackmon singled to left center, McKenry scored, De La Rosa to second. Rutledge grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blackmon out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Lobaton singled to right. Frandsen hit for Detwiler. Frandsen reached on bunt single to third, Lobaton to second. Span bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Lobaton out at third, Frandsen to second. Werth hit for Hairston. Werth struck out swinging. Rendon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Werth in right field. Harper in left field. Barrett pitching for Nationals. Dickerson walked. Arenado doubled to deep right, Dickerson scored. Arenado to third on wild pitch by Barrett. Paulsen struck out swinging, Paulsen safe at on error by player player, Arenado scored, Paulsen to first on throwing error by catcher Lobaton. Paulsen to second on wild pitch by Barrett. Stubbs struck out looking. McKenry grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Paulsen out at third. LeMahieu grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 8th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. LaRoche grounded out to first. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Desmond struck out swinging. Harper grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Blevins pitching for Nationals. Barnes hit for Ottavino. Barnes grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon popped out to second. Rutledge struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Espinosa struck out swinging. Lobaton flied out to left. Walters hit for Blevins. Walters singled to center. Span singled to left, Walters to second. Werth singled to right center, Walters scored, Span to third. Rendon singled to center, Span scored, Werth to second. LaRoche safe at first on error by shortstop Rutledge, Werth to third, Rendon to second. Desmond struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 4 - Rockies 6.	Rockies snap 7-game skid, beat Nationals 6-4