Reds - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Hamilton bunt grounded out to first. Bruce flied out to right. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Simon pitching for Reds. Blackmon grounded out to second. Stubbs struck out swinging. Morneau grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Mesoraco walked. Ludwick doubled to deep left, Mesoraco scored. Schumaker grounded out to second, Ludwick to third. Negron grounded out to first. Cozart singled to left, Ludwick scored. Cozart to second on passed ball by Rosario. Simon grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Simon pitching for Reds. Arenado flied out to right. Dickerson doubled to deep center. Dickerson to third on wild pitch by Simon. Rosario doubled to deep center, Dickerson scored. Culberson grounded out to second, Rosario to third. LeMahieu intentionally walked. De La Rosa grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Hamilton singled to right center. Bruce lined out to left. Frazier grounded out to first, Hamilton to second. Mesoraco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Simon pitching for Reds. Blackmon singled to right. Stubbs singled to right, Blackmon to second. Morneau singled to right, Blackmon to third, Stubbs to second. Arenado flied out to center. Dickerson hit sacrifice fly to right, Blackmon scored, Stubbs to third. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morneau out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Ludwick popped out to shortstop. Schumaker grounded out to third. Negron grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Simon pitching for Reds. Culberson singled to right. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Culberson safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Simon. De La Rosa struck out swinging. Blackmon grounded out to first, Culberson scored, LeMahieu to third. Stubbs singled to center, LeMahieu scored. Morneau grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stubbs out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Cozart singled to center. Simon bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cozart out at second. Hamilton flied out to right. Bruce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Simon pitching for Reds. Arenado reached on infield single to third. Dickerson lined out to left. Rosario singled to left, Arenado to second. Culberson homered to left (428 feet), Arenado and Rosario scored. LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher. De La Rosa grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Frazier grounded out to shortstop. Mesoraco struck out looking. Ludwick homered to left (445 feet). Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Hoover pitching for Reds. Blackmon struck out swinging. Stubbs grounded out to third. Morneau flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Negron struck out swinging. Cozart flied out to right. Santiago hit for Hoover. Santiago struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Contreras pitching for Reds. Arenado grounded out to first. Dickerson grounded out to second. Rosario walked. Culberson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Logan pitching for Rockies. Hamilton flied out to center. Bruce lined out to center. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Contreras pitching for Reds. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Paulsen hit for Ottavino. Paulsen struck out looking. Blackmon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Mesoraco grounded out to third. Ludwick singled to left center. Schumaker grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ludwick out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 3 - Rockies 7.	Culberson, De La Rosa help Rockies beat Reds 7-3