Dodgers - Top 1st. Matzek pitching for Rockies. Gordon grounded out to second. Puig flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon walked. Rutledge singled to center, Blackmon to third, Rutledge to second advancing on throw. Morneau grounded out to first, Blackmon scored, Rutledge to third. Rutledge scored on Haren's wild pitch. Stubbs flied out to right. Dickerson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Matzek pitching for Rockies. Kemp grounded out to third. Van Slyke struck out swinging. Turner singled to left. Uribe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Dodgers. McKenry doubled to deep left center. Culberson lined out to right, McKenry to third. LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher, McKenry scored. Matzek grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Matzek pitching for Rockies. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Haren singled to center. Gordon struck out looking. Puig singled to right, Haren to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon grounded out to first. Rutledge struck out swinging. Morneau grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Matzek pitching for Rockies. Kemp singled to left. Van Slyke singled to left, Kemp to second. Turner grounded into double play, second to first, Van Slyke out at second, Kemp to third. Uribe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Dodgers. Stubbs singled to left. Dickerson homered to right (386 feet), Stubbs scored. McKenry grounded out to shortstop. Culberson grounded out to third. LeMahieu struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Matzek pitching for Rockies. Ellis singled to left. Haren singled to right, Ellis to second. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Haren out at second, Ellis to third. Puig struck out looking. Gonzalez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Haren pitching for Dodgers. Matzek struck out looking. Blackmon struck out swinging. Rutledge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Matzek pitching for Rockies. Kemp singled to deep right center. Van Slyke singled to center, Kemp to second. Kemp to third, Van Slyke to second on wild pitch by Matzek. Turner doubled to deep center, Kemp and Van Slyke scored. Uribe doubled to deep center, Turner tagged out at home. Ellis walked. Ramirez hit for Haren. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Ramirez struck out swinging. Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop, Uribe to third, Ellis to second. Puig struck out looking. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Elbert pitching for Dodgers. Morneau reached on infield single to shortstop. League pitching for Dodgers. Stubbs walked, Morneau to second. Dickerson grounded out to shortstop, Morneau to third, Stubbs to second. McKenry intentionally walked. Culberson reached on infield single to pitcher, Morneau scored, Stubbs to third, McKenry to second, Stubbs scored on throwing error by pitcher League. LeMahieu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Culberson out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. Brown pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez lined out to shortstop. Kemp struck out swinging. Ethier hit for Van Slyke. Ethier grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Ethier in left field. Ynoa hit for Brown. Coulombe pitching for Dodgers. Ynoa struck out swinging. Blackmon lined out to first. Rutledge lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Turner doubled to deep right center. Uribe lined out to center. Ellis struck out looking. Crawford hit for Coulombe. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Wright pitching for Dodgers. Morneau doubled to deep right center. Stubbs walked. Dickerson tripled to deep left center, Morneau and Stubbs scored. Garcia pitching for Dodgers. McKenry singled to left center, Dickerson scored. Culberson flied out to center. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to third, McKenry out at second. Paulsen hit for Ottavino. Paulsen grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Adames at shortstop. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Gordon reached on infield single to second. Puig homered to right center (421 feet), Gordon scored. Gonzalez singled to center. Kemp grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. Ethier grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 4 - Rockies 10.	Dodgers fall as Rockies snap skid