Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Inciarte singled to left. Owings struck out looking. Pollock singled to left, Inciarte to second. Montero singled to shallow left, Inciarte to third, Pollock to second. Trumbo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Inciarte scored, Montero out at second, Pollock to third. Lamb grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon popped out to third. Rutledge struck out swinging. Morneau grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Ross flied out to left. Gregorius reached on infield single to second. Anderson sacrificed to pitcher, Gregorius to second. Inciarte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Dickerson popped out to shortstop. Rosario singled to center. Ynoa singled to right, Rosario to third, Ynoa to second advancing on throw. LeMahieu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Owings grounded out to shortstop. Pollock grounded out to second. Montero flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Lyles struck out looking. Blackmon flied out to left. Rutledge grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. Lamb singled to center. Ross singled to center, Lamb to second. Gregorius popped out to first. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Morneau singled to right. Cuddyer lined out to right. Dickerson singled to right, Morneau to third. Rosario singled to center, Morneau scored, Dickerson to third. Ynoa doubled to left, Dickerson scored, Rosario to third. LeMahieu hit sacrifice fly to right, Rosario scored, Ynoa to third. Lyles walked. Blackmon popped out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Inciarte flied out to right. Owings singled to left. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to first, Owings out at second. Montero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Rutledge struck out swinging. Morneau grounded out to second. Cuddyer doubled to deep center. Dickerson walked. Rosario singled to center, Cuddyer scored, Dickerson to third. Ynoa tripled to right, Dickerson and Rosario scored, Ynoa out stretching at home. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Trumbo flied out to left. Lamb singled to right. Ross doubled to deep center, Lamb scored. Gregorius grounded out to second, Ross to third. Peralta hit for Anderson. Peralta flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu singled to center. Parker hit for Lyles. Parker grounded out to catcher, LeMahieu to second. Blackmon singled to center, LeMahieu scored. Rutledge singled to center, Blackmon to second. Morneau hit by pitch, Blackmon to third, Rutledge to second. Cuddyer homered to left (409 feet), Blackmon, Rutledge and Morneau scored. Dickerson flied out to left. Rosario grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Brown pitching for Rockies. Inciarte grounded out to first. Owings struck out swinging. Pollock flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Wilson catching. Stites pitching for Diamondbacks. Ynoa grounded out to pitcher. LeMahieu grounded out to second. McBride hit for Brown. McBride lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Wilson lined out to left. Trumbo singled to left. Lamb struck out swinging. Marte hit for Ross. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Ahmed at second base. Jackson in center field. Marte in right field. Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon hit by pitch. Adames hit for Rutledge. Adames singled to center, Blackmon to second. Barnes hit for Morneau. Barnes walked, Blackmon to third, Adames to second. Cuddyer doubled to deep left, Blackmon, Adames and Barnes scored. Dickerson grounded out to first, Cuddyer to third. Culberson hit for Rosario. Culberson hit sacrifice fly to center, Cuddyer scored. Ynoa doubled to deep right center. LeMahieu flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Adames at shortstop. Barnes in right field. Paulsen at first base. Williams catching. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Gregorius tripled to right. Pacheco hit for Paterson. Pacheco struck out swinging. Reimold hit for Inciarte. Reimold hit sacrifice fly to center, Gregorius scored. Ahmed lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Rockies 15.	Cuddyer's 7 RBIs key Rockies 15-3 win over D-backs