Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Inciarte lined out to left. Pennington struck out swinging. Pollock singled to center. Trumbo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson grounded out to third. Rutledge grounded out to shortstop. Cuddyer walked. Rosario grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Peralta singled to center. Lamb struck out swinging. Gosewisch fouled out to first. Peralta picked off first. Gregorius batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Stubbs singled to center. Barnes grounded out to third, Stubbs to second. Ynoa struck out swinging. LeMahieu singled to center, Stubbs scored. Bergman grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Gregorius flied out to right. Miley grounded out to third. Inciarte flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson struck out swinging. Rutledge walked. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Rosario singled to right, Rutledge to third. Stubbs walked, Rosario to second. Barnes doubled to right, Rutledge and Rosario scored, Stubbs to third. Ynoa grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Pennington grounded out to second. Pollock lined out to center. Trumbo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu singled to center. Bergman struck out swinging. Dickerson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, LeMahieu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Peralta struck out swinging. Lamb flied out to left. Gosewisch doubled to deep left center. Gregorius reached on infield single to second, Gosewisch to third. Miley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Rutledge doubled to left. Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop, Rutledge to third. Rosario walked. Stubbs singled to center, Rutledge scored, Rosario to second. Barnes singled to shallow left, Rosario to third, Stubbs to second. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Ynoa doubled to right, Rosario and Stubbs scored, Barnes to third. LeMahieu lined into double play, shortstop to third, Barnes doubled off third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Inciarte doubled to deep right. Pennington popped out to shortstop. Pollock grounded out to third. Trumbo homered to right (386 feet), Inciarte scored. Morales pitching for Rockies. Ross hit for Peralta. Ross struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Ross in right field. Parker hit for Morales. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Parker struck out swinging. Dickerson flied out to center. Rutledge flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Brown pitching for Rockies. Lamb grounded out to pitcher. Gosewisch grounded out to third. Gregorius fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Stites pitching for Diamondbacks. Cuddyer homered to right center (416 feet). Rosario doubled to deep left. Rosario to third on wild pitch by Stites. Stubbs struck out looking. Barnes struck out swinging. Ynoa singled to left, Rosario scored. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ynoa out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Pacheco hit for Stites. Pacheco singled to left. Inciarte grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pacheco out at second. Pennington reached on infield single to shortstop, Inciarte to second. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Pollock grounded into double play, second to first, Pennington out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. McBride hit for Ottavino. McBride doubled to right. Dickerson struck out looking. Rutledge struck out swinging. Cuddyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Trumbo homered to left center (454 feet). Ross fouled out to first. Lamb flied out to left. Gosewisch struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Rockies 8.	Cuddyer homers as Rockies sweep D-backs, 8-3