Rockies - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon singled to right. Ynoa grounded out to shortstop, Blackmon to second. Morneau walked. Cuddyer grounded into double play, third to second to first, Morneau out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Gordon doubled to left center. Puig singled to left, Gordon scored, Puig thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Gonzalez fouled out to catcher. Turner grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Stubbs struck out swinging. Rosario walked. Rutledge struck out swinging. LeMahieu grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Crawford singled to shallow right. Ethier flied into double play, left to first, Crawford doubled off first. Uribe grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Lyles doubled to left. Blackmon reached on bunt single to third, Lyles to third. Ynoa grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lyles scored, Blackmon safe at second on error by second baseman Gordon. Blackmon caught stealing third, pitcher to shortstop to third. Morneau homered to center (412 feet), Ynoa scored. Cuddyer fouled out to catcher. Stubbs struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Butera struck out swinging. Hernandez struck out swinging. Gordon doubled to left. Puig struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Rosario lined out to left. Rutledge hit by pitch. LeMahieu flied out to right. Lyles bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez flied out to left. Turner grounded out to second. Crawford lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon flied out to center. Ynoa walked. Morneau flied out to right. Cuddyer lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Ethier struck out swinging. Uribe grounded out to second. Butera lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Pederson in right field. Van Slyke at first base. Ethier in center field. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Stubbs doubled to left. Rosario grounded out to third. Rutledge walked. LeMahieu singled to left, Stubbs to third, Rutledge to second. Lyles popped out to second. Elbert pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Barney hit for Elbert. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Barney singled to center. Gordon reached on bunt single to third, Barney to second. Pederson popped out to shortstop. Van Slyke singled to left, Barney scored, Gordon to second, Gordon to third, Van Slyke to second on throwing error by left fielder Blackmon. Turner reached on infield single to second, Gordon and Van Slyke scored. Morales pitching for Rockies. Crawford singled to right, Turner to second. Culberson at second base. Ethier walked, Turner to third, Crawford to second. Uribe singled to center, Turner and Crawford scored, Ethier to second. Butera walked, Ethier to third, Uribe to second. Scahill pitching for Rockies. Barney hit sacrifice fly to left, Ethier scored. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 7th. Rojas at shortstop. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Ynoa safe at first on error by shortstop Rojas. Morneau singled to shallow right center, Ynoa to second. League pitching for Dodgers. Cuddyer singled to left, Ynoa thrown out at home, Morneau to second. Stubbs struck out looking. Rosario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Paulsen at first base. Parker in right field. Scahill pitching for Rockies. Pederson struck out looking. Van Slyke grounded out to third. Rojas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Rojas at third base. Arruebarrena at shortstop. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Rutledge grounded out to shortstop. Culberson flied out to left. McBride hit for Scahill. McBride flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Crawford flied out to right. Ethier singled to left. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Arruebarrena grounded out to catcher, Ethier to second. Butera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon grounded out to pitcher. Ynoa grounded out to second. Paulsen homered to left center (405 feet). Wilson pitching for Dodgers. Parker lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Dodgers 7.	Dodgers beat Rockies 7-4 for 3rd straight win