Tigers - Top 1st . Zito pitching for Athletics . Granderson flied out to center . Polanco singled to left . Rodriguez grounded out to third , Polanco to second . Ordonez doubled to deep right center , Polanco scored . Thames struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Ellis flied out to left . Kotsay tripled to deep center . Crosby singled to center , Kotsay scored . Chavez doubled to right , Crosby scored . Thomas grounded out to shortstop . Bradley singled to shallow right , Chavez scored . Swisher flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Shelton walked . Guillen flied out to center . Monroe grounded into double play , third to second to first , Shelton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Kendall flied out to center . Johnson grounded out to first . Ellis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Inge walked . Inge caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Granderson walked . Polanco flied out to center . Granderson to second on balk by Zito . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Kotsay flied out to center . Crosby flied out to center . Chavez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Thames safe at first on error by shortstop Crosby . Shelton grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Thames out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Thomas singled to left . Bradley fouled out to third . Swisher walked , Thomas to second . Kendall grounded into double play , third to second to first , Swisher out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Guillen grounded out to third . Monroe walked . Inge grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Monroe out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . Ellis flied out to left . Kotsay popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Granderson reached on infield single to second . Polanco hit by pitch , Granderson to second . Rodriguez flied out to right , Granderson to third . Ordonez lined out to second . Thames popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Crosby struck out swinging . Chavez walked . Thomas popped out to shortstop . Bradley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Shelton struck out swinging . Guillen hit by pitch . Monroe popped out to shortstop . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Swisher flied out to left . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Johnson out on batter 's interference to pitcher . Johnson batting . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Granderson flied out to left . Calero pitching for Athletics . Polanco fouled out to first . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Rodriguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Ellis grounded out to third . Kotsay struck out swinging . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Crosby grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Gomez hit for Thames . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Ordonez reached on infield single to second . Gomez doubled to right , Ordonez to third . Santiago ran for Shelton . Shelton singled to left , Ordonez scored , Gomez to third . Guillen singled to right , Gomez scored , Santiago to second . Monroe grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Santiago out at third , Guillen to second . Inge walked , Guillen to third , Monroe to second . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Granderson walked , Guillen scored , Monroe to third , Inge to second . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Monroe out at home , Inge to third , Granderson to second . Santiago at shortstop . Guillen at first base . Rodriguez lined out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Chavez walked . Thomas flied out to center . Bradley singled to right , Chavez to third . Swisher walked , Bradley to second . Melhuse hit for Johnson . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Chavez out at home , Bradley to third , Swisher to second . Melhuse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 4 - Athletics 3 .	Zito dominates , but bullpen blows it in A 's loss to Tigers