Reds - Top 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Lopez singled to right . Dunn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lopez out at second . Griffey Jr grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Dunn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Claussen pitching for Reds . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco flied out to center . Rodriguez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Aurilia homered to left . Hatteberg walked . Kearns doubled to left , Hatteberg to third . Valentin hit sacrifice fly to center , Hatteberg scored . LaRue struck out swinging . Phillips grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Claussen pitching for Reds . Ordonez flied out to left . Guillen lined out to third . Shelton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Lopez doubled to deep right center . Dunn struck out swinging . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Aurilia grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Claussen pitching for Reds . Thames reached on infield single to shortstop . Monroe flied out to right . Inge struck out looking . Granderson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Hatteberg singled to right . Kearns walked , Hatteberg to second . Valentin walked , Hatteberg to third , Kearns to second . LaRue hit by pitch , Hatteberg scored , Kearns to third , Valentin to second . Colon pitching for Tigers . Phillips tripled to deep left center , Kearns , Valentin and LaRue scored , Phillips scored on throwing error by shortstop Guillen . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Dunn homered to right . Griffey Jr grounded out to first . Aurilia hit by pitch . Hatteberg flied out to left . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Claussen pitching for Reds . Polanco singled to left . Rodriguez singled to center , Polanco to second . Ordonez singled to center , Polanco scored , Rodriguez to second . Guillen grounded into double play , second to first , Ordonez out at second , Rodriguez to third . Shelton doubled to deep center , Rodriguez scored . Thames walked . Monroe singled to center , Shelton scored , Thames to second . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Monroe out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Colon pitching for Tigers . Kearns walked . Valentin fouled out to third . LaRue doubled to left , Kearns to third . Phillips hit sacrifice fly to center , Kearns scored , LaRue to third . Lopez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Claussen pitching for Reds . Granderson grounded out to second . Polanco singled to right . Rodriguez flied out to left . Ordonez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Colon pitching for Tigers . Dunn doubled to left . Griffey Jr singled to center , Dunn to third . Aurilia popped out to second . Hatteberg lined out to center . Kearns struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Claussen pitching for Reds . Guillen struck out swinging . Shelton grounded out to shortstop . Thames homered to left . Monroe popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Colon pitching for Tigers . Valentin walked . Valentin to second on wild pitch by Colon . LaRue struck out swinging . Seay pitching for Tigers . Phillips flied out to center , Valentin to third . Lopez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Claussen pitching for Reds . Inge popped out to third . Granderson grounded out to first . Polanco singled to right center . Rodriguez singled to left , Polanco to second . Ordonez reached on infield single to shortstop , Polanco to third , Rodriguez to second . Guillen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Seay pitching for Tigers . Dunn flied out to right . Griffey Jr flied out to left . Coffey pitching for Reds . Aurilia flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Coffey pitching for Reds . Shelton singled to left . Thames struck out swinging . Monroe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Shelton out at second . Walker pitching for Tigers . Inge fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Hatteberg popped out to shortstop . Kearns grounded out to shortstop . Hammond pitching for Reds . Valentin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Hammond pitching for Reds . Granderson grounded out to second . Polanco lined out to second . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 9 - Tigers 4 .	Reds rough up Bonderman , end Tigers ' winning streak