Astros - Top 1st . Miner pitching for Tigers . Biggio struck out swinging . Lamb singled to center . Burke singled to center , Lamb to third . Berkman singled to left , Lamb scored , Burke to second . Munson singled to right , Burke to third , Berkman to second . Wilson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Munson out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Miner pitching for Tigers . Ensberg walked . Everett grounded out to third , Ensberg to second . Taveras fouled out to first . Biggio fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Guillen flied out to right . Thames flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Miner pitching for Tigers . Lamb flied out to left . Burke grounded out to third . Berkman doubled to deep left . Munson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Shelton singled to left . Monroe lined out to shortstop . Inge doubled to deep center , Shelton scored . Granderson singled to right , Inge scored . Polanco doubled to left , Granderson to third . Rodriguez doubled to deep right , Granderson and Polanco scored . Rodriguez to third on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Ordonez hit sacrifice fly to right , Rodriguez scored . Guillen reached on infield single to second . Thames grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Wilson lined out to left . Ensberg grounded out to second . Everett singled to right . Taveras struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Shelton flied out to right . Monroe flied out to center . Inge doubled to deep left center . Granderson singled to right , Inge scored . Polanco flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Biggio struck out swinging . Lamb singled to center . Burke doubled to deep left , Lamb to third . Berkman grounded out to second , Lamb scored , Burke to third . Munson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop . Ordonez walked , Rodriguez to second . Guillen grounded into double play , third to first , Rodriguez out at third , Ordonez to second . Thames flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Wilson struck out swinging . Ensberg walked . Everett singled to left , Ensberg to second . Colon pitching for Tigers . Taveras doubled to left , Ensberg scored , Everett to third . Walker pitching for Tigers . Biggio struck out swinging . Lamb flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Shelton grounded out to shortstop . Monroe struck out swinging . Inge struck out swinging , Inge safe at first on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Inge caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Granderson batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Burke popped out to first . Houston 's Manager Garner ejected by Bucknor in the 7th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Munson homered to right . Lane in right field . Wilson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Granderson flied out to left . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez homered to left . Borkowski pitching for Astros . Ordonez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Ensberg struck out looking . Everett struck out swinging . Taveras struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Borkowski pitching for Astros . Guillen hit ground rule double to deep left . Gomez ran for Thames . Thames doubled to deep left center , Guillen scored . Shelton singled to right center , Gomez to third . Monroe singled to right , Gomez scored , Shelton to second . Springer pitching for Astros . Inge walked , Shelton to third , Monroe to second . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Shelton scored , Inge out at second , Monroe to third . Polanco struck out swinging . Gomez in left field . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Rodriguez flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Biggio grounded out to third . Lamb grounded out to second . Burke struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 4 - Tigers 10 .	Tigers trounce Astros ; Garner , Berkman tossed