Tigers - Top 1st . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Granderson doubled to deep left center . Polanco popped out to second . Rodriguez flied out to right , Granderson to third . Ordonez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Bautista grounded out to pitcher . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Casey singled to left . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Casey out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Guillen walked . Thames singled to left , Guillen to third . Shelton singled to right , Guillen scored , Thames to second . Inge struck out swinging . Bonderman struck out bunting foul . Granderson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Sanchez struck out swinging . Burnitz grounded out to first . Castillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Polanco grounded out to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Ordonez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Paulino reached on infield single to second . Gorzelanny sacrificed to catcher , Paulino to second . Bautista singled to center , Paulino scored . Wilson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bautista out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Guillen grounded out to third . Thames walked . Shelton walked , Thames to second . Inge safe at first on error by third baseman Sanchez , Thames to third , Shelton to second . Bonderman struck out swinging . Granderson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Casey singled to right . Bay struck out looking . Sanchez grounded out to second , Casey to second . Burnitz singled to center , Casey scored . Castillo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Polanco singled to center . Rodriguez flied out to right . Ordonez singled to center , Polanco to third . Guillen hit sacrifice fly to left , Polanco scored . Thames doubled to left , Ordonez to third . Shelton grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Edwards hit for Gorzelanny . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Paulino grounded out to third . Edwards singled to center . Bautista singled to center , Edwards to second . Wilson grounded out to catcher , Edwards to third , Bautista to second . Casey intentionally walked . Capps pitching for Pirates . Bay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Santiago hit for Bonderman . Capps pitching for Pirates . Inge bunt grounded out to first . Santiago bunt grounded out to first . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Sanchez safe at first on error by second baseman Polanco . Burnitz struck out looking . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop , Sanchez to second . Paulino grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 7th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Polanco flied out to center . Rodriguez singled to center . Ordonez flied out to right . Guillen hit ground rule double to deep left , Rodriguez to third . McLouth hit for Capps . Thames flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . McLouth singled to center . Bautista singled to left , McLouth to third . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Monroe in left field . Wilson struck out swinging . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Casey singled to left , McLouth scored , Bautista to third . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to , Casey to second , Bautista to third , Bay to first on throwing error by third baseman Inge . Sanchez safe at first on error by first baseman Shelton , Casey to third , Bay to second . Burnitz safe at first on error by second baseman Polanco , Casey and Bay scored , Sanchez to third . Castillo doubled to deep right center , Sanchez scored , Burnitz to third . Paulino singled to left , Burnitz and Castillo scored . McLouth flied out to left . Torres pitching for Pirates . McLouth in right field . Bautista popped out to first . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 3 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Shelton grounded out to third . Inge struck out swinging . Monroe singled to right . Gomez in right field . Infante at shortstop . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Wilson flied out to left . Casey popped out to second . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Bay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Polanco grounded out to second . Rodriguez reached on infield single to first . Gomez singled to right , Rodriguez to second . Wilson hit for Walker . Infante flied out to center . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gomez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 2 - Pirates 9 .	Defense dooms Detroit as Pirates get needed win