Tigers - Top 1st . Byrd pitching for Indians . Granderson singled to left . Polanco grounded out to second , Granderson to second . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Ordonez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Sizemore walked . Michaels singled to left center , Sizemore to second . Hafner walked , Sizemore to third , Michaels to second . Martinez singled to center , Sizemore scored , Michaels to third , Hafner to second . Blake walked , Michaels scored , Hafner to third , Martinez to second . Peralta doubled to deep right center , Hafner and Martinez scored , Blake to third , Blake scored on throwing error by center fielder Granderson . Boone singled to left center , Peralta to third . Inglett struck out swinging . Shoppach struck out swinging . Colon pitching for Tigers . Sizemore singled to center , Peralta scored , Boone to third . Michaels singled to center , Boone scored , Sizemore to second . Hafner struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 2nd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Guillen singled to left . Young singled to center , Guillen to second . Shelton fouled out to first , Guillen to third . Monroe struck out looking . Inge homered to left , Guillen and Young scored . Granderson singled to right . Polanco flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Colon pitching for Tigers . Martinez grounded out to first . Blake singled to right center . Peralta walked , Blake to second . Boone struck out swinging . Inglett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez grounded out to third . Guillen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Colon pitching for Tigers . Shoppach popped out to second . Sizemore tripled to deep right . Michaels hit ground rule double to left , Sizemore scored . Hafner intentionally walked . Martinez grounded out to first , Michaels to third , Hafner to second . Blake popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Young homered to right . Shelton doubled to deep right , Shelton to third on error by right fielder Blake . Monroe doubled to deep left , Shelton scored . Inge doubled to deep left center , Monroe scored . Davis pitching for Indians . Granderson singled to center , Inge scored . Polanco grounded into double play , third to second to first , Granderson out at second . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Colon pitching for Tigers . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Boone walked . Inglett grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Boone out at second . Shoppach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Davis pitching for Indians . Ordonez flied out to right . Guillen struck out looking . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Sizemore singled to center . Sizemore to second on wild pitch by Ledezma . Michaels walked . Hafner popped out to shortstop . Martinez lined into double play , right to second , Sizemore doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Davis pitching for Indians . Shelton flied out to right . Monroe singled to center . Inge struck out swinging . Granderson singled to left , Monroe to second . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Polanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Blake flied out to right . Peralta walked . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Peralta out at second . Inglett tripled to deep right , Boone scored . Sikorski pitching for Indians . Shoppach struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Sikorski pitching for Indians . Rodriguez grounded out to first . Ordonez flied out to right . Guillen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Sizemore struck out swinging . Michaels walked . Hafner struck out looking . Martinez doubled to deep right , Michaels scored . Blake inside - the - park home run to deep center , Martinez scored . Peralta struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Sikorski pitching for Indians . Young singled to center . Shelton flied out to center . Monroe struck out looking . Wilson catching . Gomez in right field . Infante at shortstop . Inge flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Boone flied out to center . Inglett flied out to center . Carmona pitching for Indians . Shoppach flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Granderson lined out to shortstop . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 7 - Indians 12 .	Rogers ca n't make it out of first inning in loss to Indians