Rangers - Top 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop . Young lined out to second . Lee walked . Teixeira struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez walked . Monroe flied out to right . Thames walked , Rodriguez to second . Ordonez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Thames out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Blalock grounded out to third . DeRosa struck out swinging . Stairs reached on infield single to shortstop . Kinsler walked , Stairs to second . Barajas grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Koronka pitching for Rangers . Guillen walked . Infante singled to right , Guillen to second . Inge popped out to first . Clevlen tripled to deep right center , Guillen and Infante scored . Wilson singled to right , Clevlen scored . Rodriguez doubled to left , Wilson to third . Monroe doubled to deep right center , Wilson and Rodriguez scored . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Thames singled to left , Monroe to third . Ordonez singled to left center , Monroe scored , Thames to second . Guillen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ordonez out at second . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Matthews Jr tripled to deep right center . Young grounded out to shortstop , Matthews Jr scored . Lee singled to center . Teixeira safe at first on error by first baseman Rodriguez , Lee to third . Blalock grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lee scored , Teixeira out at second . DeRosa singled to left , Blalock to second . Stairs struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Infante singled to left . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Infante out at second . Inge to second on wild pitch by Rupe . Clevlen grounded out to first , Inge to third . Wilson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Kinsler singled to center . Kinsler stole second , Kinsler safe at third on throwing error by catcher Wilson . Barajas singled to left center , Kinsler scored . Matthews Jr popped out to second . Young singled to left , Barajas to second . Lee flied out to right . Teixeira flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Monroe singled to left . Thames popped out to shortstop . Ordonez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Blalock struck out swinging . DeRosa singled to left center . Stairs popped out to third . Kinsler doubled to deep left , DeRosa scored , Kinsler to third advancing on throw . Barajas singled to shallow left , Kinsler scored . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Matthews Jr doubled to right , Barajas scored . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Young grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Guillen flied out to center . Infante singled to center . Inge struck out swinging . Clevlen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Lee doubled to deep right center . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Teixeira flied out to left . Blalock singled to center , Lee scored , Blalock out stretching at second . DeRosa grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Wilson struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to right . Monroe flied out to center . Thames popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Stairs flied out to left . Kinsler flied out to right . Barajas flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Ordonez singled to right center . Guillen flied out to center , Ordonez to second . Infante struck out swinging . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Inge singled to center , Ordonez thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Matthews Jr struck out looking . Young struck out swinging . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Hairston Jr in left field . Lee grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Clevlen popped out to second . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez walked . Monroe popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Teixeira grounded out to first . Blalock flied out to right . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Casey hit for Thames . DeRosa grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Otsuka pitching for Rangers . Casey grounded out to first . Ordonez struck out swinging . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 7 - Tigers 6 .	Tigers blow six - run lead