Tigers - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Royals . Granderson struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Casey flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Gathright struck out swinging . German grounded out to shortstop . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Royals . Ordonez singled to center . Guillen tripled to deep left , Ordonez scored . Stairs singled to right , Guillen scored . Monroe grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stairs out at second . Inge reached on infield single to shortstop . Infante struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Shealy flied out to right . Costa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Royals . Granderson lined out to right . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . Casey grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Berroa reached on bunt single to pitcher . Keppinger singled to center , Berroa to second . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Keppinger out at second , Berroa to third . Gathright safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Ledezma , Berroa and Phillips scored . German singled to right , Gathright to third . Sweeney popped out to shortstop . Brown walked , German to second . Shealy fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Royals . Ordonez flied out to center . Guillen doubled to deep center . Stairs grounded out to second , Guillen to third . Monroe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Costa flied out to left . Berroa struck out swinging . Keppinger flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Royals . Inge popped out to shortstop . Infante struck out swinging . Granderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Phillips walked . Gathright bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Phillips out at second . Gathright stole second . Gathright stole third , Gathright scored on throwing error by catcher Rodriguez . German walked . Sweeney struck out swinging . German caught stealing second , catcher to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Royals . Rodriguez reached on infield single to first . Casey homered to center , Rodriguez scored . Ordonez grounded out to third . Guillen safe at first on error by third baseman Keppinger . Guillen caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Stairs grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 6th . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Brown flied out to right . Shealy flied out to right . Miner pitching for Tigers . Costa doubled to deep center . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Berroa popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Monroe walked . Inge sacrificed to pitcher , Monroe to second . Infante walked . Granderson flied out to right , Monroe to third . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Rodriguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Keppinger grounded out to second . Phillips struck out looking . Gathright lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Casey grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez struck out looking . Guillen walked . Stairs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . German grounded out to shortstop . Blanco ran for Sweeney . Sweeney singled to right . Brown flied out to center . Braun pitching for Royals . Shealy fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Braun pitching for Royals . Monroe doubled to deep left . Inge sacrificed to pitcher , Monroe to third , Inge safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Braun . Monroe scored on throwing error by pitcher Braun . Sisco pitching for Royals . Infante tripled to deep center , Inge scored . Infante scored on Sisco 's wild pitch . Greinke pitching for Royals . Granderson safe at first on error by first baseman Shealy . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson out at second . Casey popped out to shortstop . Jones pitching for Tigers . Shelton at first base . Clevlen in right field . Ordonez popped out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Costa grounded out to second . Berroa fouled out to right . Keppinger grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 7 - Royals 3 .	Tigers topple Royals to stretch Central lead