Nationals - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Byrd homered to left. Clayton struck out swinging. Vidro grounded out to third. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Drese pitching for Nationals. Biggio struck out swinging. Taveras walked. Berkman flied into double play, left to shortstop to first, Taveras doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Soriano doubled to left. LeCroy grounded out to shortstop. Soriano stole third. Zimmerman grounded into double play, pitcher to first to third, Soriano out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Drese pitching for Nationals. Ensberg grounded out to shortstop. Wilson singled to center. Wilson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Lane walked. Ausmus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Gonzalez flied out to right. Drese struck out swinging. Byrd walked. Clayton reached on bunt single to catcher, Byrd to second. Vidro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Byrd out at third, Clayton to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Drese pitching for Nationals. Everett safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Clayton. Everett to third on wild pitch by Drese. Pettitte singled to right, Everett scored. Biggio popped out to second. Taveras singled to center, Pettitte to third. Berkman struck out swinging. Ensberg doubled to left, Pettitte scored, Taveras to third, Taveras scored on error by left fielder Soriano. Wilson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Guillen flied out to center. Soriano flied out to center. LeCroy singled to shallow left. Zimmerman lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 4th. Drese pitching for Nationals. Lane walked. Ausmus singled to left, Lane to third. Everett grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lane scored, Ausmus out at second. Pettitte sacrificed to catcher, Everett to second. Biggio walked. Taveras flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Eischen hit for Drese. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Gonzalez singled to center. Eischen sacrificed to third, Gonzalez to second. Byrd grounded out to second, Gonzalez to third. Eischen pitching for Nationals. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Eischen pitching for Nationals. Berkman singled to center. Ensberg struck out looking. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Berkman out at second. Lane walked, Wilson to second. Ausmus walked, Wilson to third, Lane to second. Everett singled to center, Wilson and Lane scored, Ausmus to third, Everett to second advancing on throw. Pettitte struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Vidro singled to center. Guillen grounded out to shortstop, Vidro to second. Soriano homered to left, Vidro scored. LeCroy struck out swinging. Zimmerman walked. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Biggio struck out swinging. Taveras bunt grounded out to third. Jackson hit for Rauch. Berkman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Jackson walked. Byrd flied out to center. Miller pitching for Astros. Clayton singled to left, Jackson to second. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Vidro lined into double play, to first, Clayton doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Ensberg singled to left. Ensberg to second on passed ball by Gonzalez. Wilson walked. Lane struck out swinging. Ausmus grounded out to second, Ensberg to third, Wilson to second. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Everett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Guillen doubled to left. Johnson hit for LeCroy. Soriano struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to first, Guillen to third. Schneider hit for Gonzalez. Zimmerman walked. Johnson at first base. Schneider catching. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Burke hit for Wheeler. Schneider flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Burke homered to left. Biggio singled to center. Taveras grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Biggio out at second. Lidge pitching for Astros. Bruntlett in left field. Burke at second base. Ward hit for Cordero. Berkman lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Lidge pitching for Astros. Ward hit ground rule double to right. Byrd struck out swinging. Clayton singled to right, Ward to third. Clayton to second on fielder's indifference. Vidro struck out swinging. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 3 - Astros 7.	Pettitte solid as Astros take 2 of 3 from Nats