Rangers - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Matthews Jr doubled to deep left center. Young doubled to right, Matthews Jr scored. Teixeira singled to center, Young to third. Blalock hit sacrifice fly to center, Young scored. Mench singled to right, Teixeira to second, Teixeira to third, Mench to second on error by right fielder Berkman. DeRosa struck out looking. Wilkerson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 1st. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Taveras singled to center. Biggio grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Taveras out at second. Berkman hit by pitch. Ensberg flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Laird flied out to left. Millwood struck out swinging. Matthews Jr struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Lamb grounded out to shortstop. Ausmus singled to left. Wilson grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Ausmus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Young struck out swinging. Teixeira singled to right. Blalock walked, Teixeira to second. Mench hit ground rule double to right, Teixeira scored, Blalock to third. DeRosa intentionally walked. Wilkerson singled to right, Blalock scored, Mench to third, DeRosa to second. Laird struck out swinging. Millwood struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Everett grounded out to shortstop. Pettitte struck out swinging. Taveras struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Matthews Jr doubled to center. Young walked. Teixeira reached on infield single to third, Matthews Jr to third, Young to second. Blalock grounded into double play, first to catcher, Matthews Jr out at home, Young to third, Teixeira to second. Mench intentionally walked. DeRosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Biggio singled to left. Berkman struck out swinging. Ensberg struck out swinging. Lamb flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Wilkerson singled to center. Laird singled to center, Wilkerson to second. Millwood sacrificed to pitcher, Wilkerson to third, Laird to second. Matthews Jr intentionally walked. Young hit sacrifice fly to center, Wilkerson scored. Teixeira struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Ausmus struck out swinging. Wilson flied out to right. Everett lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Blalock grounded out to shortstop. Mench flied out to right. DeRosa singled to center. McEwing hit for Pettitte. Wilkerson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. McEwing struck out swinging. Taveras popped out to shortstop. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Biggio grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Laird struck out swinging. Millwood grounded out to second. Matthews Jr singled to center. Young singled to right, Matthews Jr to second. Teixeira walked, Matthews Jr to third, Young to second. Blalock flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Berkman grounded out to shortstop. Ensberg reached on infield single to third. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ensberg out at second. Ausmus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Mench flied out to left. DeRosa grounded out to shortstop. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Wilkerson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Bruntlett hit for Borkowski. Everett popped out to shortstop. Gallo pitching for Astros. Bruntlett grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Nevin hit for Bauer. Gallo pitching for Astros. Laird homered to left. Nevin grounded out to shortstop. Matthews Jr flied out to left. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Young flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Taveras struck out swinging. Biggio doubled to left. Berkman flied out to center. Ensberg safe at first on error by third baseman Blalock, Biggio to third. Lamb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Rangers 6 - Astros 0.	Astros' Pettitte takes two steps back in loss to Rangers