Astros - Top 1st. Armas pitching for Nationals. Burke struck out swinging. Ausmus singled to center. Berkman walked, Ausmus to second. Ensberg walked, Ausmus to third, Berkman to second. Lamb grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ensberg out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Soriano singled to right, Soriano to second on error by right fielder Berkman. Clayton reached on bunt single to third, Soriano to third. Vidro struck out swinging. Johnson singled to right, Soriano scored, Clayton to second. Guillen grounded out to pitcher, Clayton to third, Johnson to second. Zimmerman singled to left, Clayton and Johnson scored. Jackson flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 2nd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Wilson singled to right. Bruntlett popped out to first. Wilson stole second. Everett flied out to left. Pettitte doubled to right, Wilson scored. Pettitte to third on wild pitch by Armas Jr. Burke popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Astros. LeCroy grounded out to shortstop. Armas Jr grounded out to first. Soriano reached on infield single to third. Clayton singled to center, Soriano to second. Vidro homered to left, Soriano and Clayton scored. Byrd in right field. Johnson grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Ausmus struck out swinging. Berkman walked. Ensberg struck out looking. Lane in right field. Lamb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Byrd tripled to deep right center. Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to center, Byrd scored. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. LeCroy popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Wilson doubled to deep center. Wilson stole third. Bruntlett flied out to right. Palmeiro hit for Pettitte. Everett doubled to deep center, Wilson scored. Palmeiro singled to center, Everett to third, Palmeiro to second advancing on throw. Burke hit sacrifice fly to center, Everett scored. Ausmus batting. Borkowski pitching for Astros. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Armas Jr grounded out to second. Soriano grounded out to third. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Lane doubled to deep left. Ensberg grounded out to third. Lamb struck out swinging. Wilson lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Vidro singled to left. Johnson flied out to left. Byrd grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Vidro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Bruntlett singled to right. Bruntlett stole second. Taveras hit for Borkowski. Everett struck out swinging. Bruntlett stole third. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Taveras singled to right, Bruntlett scored. Taveras stole second, Taveras safe at third on throwing error by catcher LeCroy. Burke walked. Burke stole second. Ausmus struck out swinging. Springer pitching for Astros. Lane flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Springer pitching for Astros. Zimmerman reached on bunt single to pitcher. Zimmerman stole second. Jackson struck out swinging. Anderson hit for Rivera. LeCroy popped out to first. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Anderson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Ensberg walked. Ensberg stole second, Ensberg safe at third on throwing error by catcher LeCroy. Lamb walked. Fick catching. Wilson singled to left, Ensberg scored, Lamb to second. Lamb to third, Wilson to second on wild pitch by Rauch. Bruntlett reached on infield single to pitcher. Biggio hit for Springer. Everett struck out swinging. Biggio popped out to shortstop. Qualls pitching for Astros. Burke grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Qualls pitching for Astros. Soriano singled to left. Clayton sacrificed to pitcher, Soriano to second. Soriano stole third. Vidro hit sacrifice fly to center, Soriano scored. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Johnson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Ausmus walked. Lane flied out to right. Ensberg flied into double play, left to shortstop to first, Ausmus doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Qualls pitching for Astros. Byrd walked. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Byrd safe at second on error by shortstop Everett. Jackson struck out bunting foul. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Fick grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Zimmerman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Lamb struck out swinging. Wilson singled to center. Bruntlett fouled out to right. Wilson to second on fielder's indifference. Everett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 5 - Nationals 8.	Armas wins fifth straight, Nats rough up Pettitte, Astros