Indians - Top 1st . Silva pitching for Twins . Sizemore fouled out to left . Cora popped out to shortstop . Hafner singled to left center . Blake in right field . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Stewart grounded out to second . Mauer grounded out to second . Ford singled to center . LeCroy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Silva pitching for Twins . Broussard doubled to deep right . Martinez singled to right , Broussard to third . Gerut reached on infield single to second , Broussard scored , Martinez to second . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gerut out at second , Martinez to third . Peralta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hernandez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Hunter grounded out to first . Jones singled to center . Cuddyer walked , Jones to second . Punto flied out to right . Castro doubled to right , Jones and Cuddyer scored , Castro to third advancing on throw . Stewart lined out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Silva pitching for Twins . Sizemore flied out to left . Cora grounded out to pitcher . Hafner walked . Blake grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Mauer struck out swinging . Ford grounded out to shortstop . LeCroy fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Silva pitching for Twins . Broussard homered to right . Martinez grounded out to second . Gerut grounded out to second . Hernandez flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Hunter singled to left . Jones singled to left , Hunter to second . Cuddyer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jones out at second , Hunter to third . Punto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Silva pitching for Twins . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Sizemore safe at first on error by first baseman LeCroy . Cora grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sizemore out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Stewart struck out swinging . Mauer reached on infield single to pitcher , Mauer to second on throwing error by pitcher Sabathia . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Silva pitching for Twins . Hafner singled to center . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hafner out at second . Broussard flied out to center . Martinez homered to right , Blake scored . Gerut grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . LeCroy flied out to center . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Silva pitching for Twins . Hernandez singled to left . Peralta singled to left , Hernandez to second . Sizemore grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Peralta out at second , Hernandez to third . Cora grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Cuddyer doubled to left . Punto grounded out to shortstop , Cuddyer to third . Castro grounded out to shortstop , Cuddyer scored . Mulholland pitching for Twins . Stewart grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Mulholland pitching for Twins . Hafner safe at first on error by first baseman LeCroy . Blake grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hafner out at second . Broussard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 8th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . Ford struck out swinging . Rivas ran for LeCroy . Howry pitching for Indians . LeCroy walked . Rodriguez at second base . Cuddyer at first base . Punto at third base . Hunter popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Mulholland pitching for Twins . Martinez walked . Rincon pitching for Twins . Gerut struck out looking . Hernandez struck out swinging . Wickman pitching for Indians . Peralta fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Wickman pitching for Indians . Jones struck out swinging . Cuddyer flied out to center . Morneau hit for Castro . Punto singled to center . Punto stole second . Morneau flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - Twins 3 .	Martinez 's two - run homer lifts Indians past Twins