Yankees - Top 1st . Silva pitching for Twins . Womack grounded out to shortstop . Cano homered to right center . Sheffield flied out to right . Matsui flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Brown pitching for Yankees . Ryan singled to left . Abernathy grounded out to first , Ryan to second . Ford grounded out to shortstop . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Silva pitching for Twins . Rodriguez singled to center . Rodriguez stole second . Giambi singled to right , Rodriguez scored , Giambi to second advancing on throw . Posada flied out to left . Martinez popped out to shortstop . Sanchez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Brown pitching for Yankees . Jones singled to left . LeCroy singled to center , Jones to third . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Redmond grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , LeCroy out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Silva pitching for Twins . Womack flied out to left . Cano flied out to left . Sheffield doubled to deep center . Matsui grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Brown pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez struck out looking . Ryan popped out to shortstop . Abernathy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Silva pitching for Twins . Rodriguez singled to left center . Giambi flied out to left . Posada singled to left , Rodriguez to second . Martinez popped out to shortstop . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Brown pitching for Yankees . Ford struck out swinging . Hunter flied out to center . Jones walked . LeCroy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Silva pitching for Twins . Womack grounded out to second . Cano struck out looking . Sheffield popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Brown pitching for Yankees . Cuddyer singled to center . Redmond struck out swinging . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third , Cuddyer to second . Ryan grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rodriguez out at second , Cuddyer to third . Abernathy fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Silva pitching for Twins . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Giambi singled to center . Posada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Brown pitching for Yankees . Ford grounded out to second . Hunter hit by pitch . Jones singled to right , Hunter to third . LeCroy doubled to deep right , Hunter scored , Jones to third . Cuddyer intentionally walked . Redmond hit by pitch , Jones scored , LeCroy to third , Cuddyer to second . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez singled to right , LeCroy scored , Cuddyer to third , Redmond to second . Ryan reached on bunt single to pitcher , Cuddyer scored , Redmond to third , Rodriguez to second . Abernathy hit sacrifice fly to left , Redmond scored . Ford popped out to first . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Williams hit for Sanchez . Silva pitching for Twins . Martinez flied out to left . Williams grounded out to second . Johnson at third base . Matsui in left field . Rodriguez at shortstop . Williams in center field . Womack flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Hunter struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to pitcher . Romero pitching for Twins . LeCroy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Romero pitching for Twins . Cano safe at first on error by first baseman LeCroy . Sheffield walked , Cano to second . Crain pitching for Twins . Matsui singled to right , Cano scored , Sheffield to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sheffield out at third , Matsui to second . Giambi flied out to center . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Posada grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 8th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Cuddyer doubled to deep left . Redmond grounded out to shortstop , Cuddyer to third . Rodriguez flied out to left . Ryan singled to left , Cuddyer scored . Abernathy singled to right , Ryan to second . Ford hit by pitch , Ryan to third , Abernathy to second . Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop , Ryan scored , Abernathy to third , Ford to second . Groom pitching for Yankees . Jones singled to center , Abernathy and Ford scored , Hunter to third . Morneau at first base . Mulholland pitching for Twins . LeCroy struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Mulholland pitching for Twins . Martinez grounded out to first . Williams grounded out to shortstop . Johnson doubled to left . Cano grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 3 - Twins 9 .	Yankees drop seven out of eight , Twins cruise late