Twins - Top 1st . Howell pitching for Royals . Stewart walked . Punto walked , Stewart to second . Ford hit by pitch , Stewart to third , Punto to second . Hunter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Stewart scored , Ford out at second , Punto to third . LeCroy homered to left , Punto scored . Morneau grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Mays pitching for Twins . DeJesus grounded out to third . Long struck out swinging . Sweeney singled to center . Stairs singled to center , Sweeney to third . Brown fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Howell pitching for Royals . Redmond singled to right . Redmond picked off first . Rivas doubled to deep left . Castro singled to right , Rivas scored . Castro to second on wild pitch by Howell . Castro to third on wild pitch by Howell . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Jensen pitching for Royals . Punto walked . Ford flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Mays pitching for Twins . Teahen grounded out to pitcher . Berroa bunt grounded out to pitcher . Gotay doubled to left center . DeJesus homered to right , Buck scored . Long singled to left . Sweeney doubled to deep right , Long scored . Stairs grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Jensen pitching for Royals . Hunter popped out to second . LeCroy popped out to first . Morneau struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Mays pitching for Twins . Brown singled to left . Mulholland pitching for Twins . Teahen singled to center , Brown to second . Brown caught stealing third , catcher to third , Teahen to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Berroa grounded out to shortstop , Teahen to third . Gotay struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Jensen pitching for Royals . Redmond singled to center . Rivas tripled to right , Redmond scored . Castro hit sacrifice fly to center , Rivas scored . Stewart popped out to second . Punto struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Mulholland pitching for Twins . Buck walked . DeJesus singled to left , Buck to second . Long bunted into double play , pitcher to third to shortstop , Buck out at third , DeJesus out at second , Long to first . Sweeney doubled to deep left , Long thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Jensen pitching for Royals . Ford singled to left center . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ford out at second . Hunter caught stealing second , pitcher to second . LeCroy singled to right . Nunez pitching for Royals . Morneau popped out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Mulholland pitching for Twins . Stairs grounded out to second . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Teahen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals . Redmond flied out to right . Rivas grounded out to shortstop . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Mulholland pitching for Twins . Berroa safe at first on error by shortstop Castro . Crain pitching for Twins . Gotay singled to center , Berroa to second . Buck walked , Berroa to third , Gotay to second . DeJesus singled to left , Berroa scored , Gotay to third , Buck to second . Long singled to center , Gotay scored , Buck to third , DeJesus to second . Romero pitching for Twins . Graffanino hit for Stairs . Sweeney singled to left , Buck and DeJesus scored , Long to second . Graffanino walked , Long to third , Sweeney to second . Brown grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Long scored , Graffanino out at second , Sweeney to third . Teahen doubled to left , Sweeney scored . Berroa reached on infield single to third , Teahen to third . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Minnesota 's Romero ejected by Gibson in the 6th . Graffanino at first base . Buck flied out to center . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 7th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Stewart singled to center . Punto flied into double play , center to first , Stewart doubled off first . Ford grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop . Long grounded out to second . Sweeney singled to right . Graffanino struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Hunter singled to left . LeCroy walked , Hunter to second . Morneau struck out swinging . Redmond flied out to right . Sisco pitching for Royals . Rivas doubled to deep left center , Hunter and LeCroy scored . Castro popped out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Brown singled to left . Teahen doubled to right , Brown to third , Brown scored , Teahen to third on throwing error by right fielder Ford . Berroa doubled to left , Teahen scored . Gotay struck out swinging . Buck grounded out to third , Berroa to third . DeJesus walked . Long walked , DeJesus to second . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 9th . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Stewart struck out looking . Punto struck out swinging . Ford doubled to deep left . Ryan hit for LeCroy . Hunter walked . Ryan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 8 - Royals 12 .	Run amok : Royals outlast Twins in wild affair