Red Sox - Top 1st . Santana pitching for Twins . Damon reached on infield single to shortstop . Renteria flied out to center . Ortiz flied out to left . Ramirez walked , Damon to second . Varitek singled to center , Damon scored , Ramirez to second . Millar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Varitek out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Stewart grounded out to second . Ford grounded out to third . Mauer grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Santana pitching for Twins . Mueller grounded out to pitcher . Graffanino grounded out to shortstop . Kapler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Red Sox . LeCroy struck out swinging . Jones flied out to left . Morneau struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Santana pitching for Twins . Damon bunt popped out to pitcher . Renteria popped out to second . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Cuddyer grounded out to third . Punto grounded out to second . Castro popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Twins . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Varitek singled to center . Varitek to second on wild pitch by Santana . Millar lined out to second . Mueller popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Stewart singled to right . Ford grounded out to shortstop , Stewart to second . Mauer grounded out to pitcher , Stewart to third . LeCroy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Santana pitching for Twins . Graffanino singled to center . Kapler doubled to deep right , Graffanino to third . Damon singled to right , Graffanino scored , Kapler to third . Renteria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kapler scored , Damon out at second , Renteria to second on throwing error by second baseman Punto . Ortiz grounded out to second , Renteria to third . Ramirez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 5th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Jones struck out swinging . Morneau fouled out to third . Cuddyer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Santana pitching for Twins . Varitek singled to center . Millar lined out to left . Mueller flied out to center . Graffanino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Punto struck out looking . Castro singled to center . Stewart singled to center , Castro to second . Ford singled to left , Castro to third , Stewart to second . Mauer singled to center , Castro and Stewart scored , Ford to second . LeCroy singled to left , Ford scored , Mauer to second . Jones struck out swinging . Crain pitching for Twins . Morneau reached on infield single to first , LeCroy hit by batted ball out at second . 3 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Crain pitching for Twins . Kapler singled to center . Damon singled to center , Kapler to second . Renteria bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kapler out at third , Damon to second . Ortiz walked , Damon to third , Renteria to second . Bradford pitching for Red Sox . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Bradford pitching for Red Sox . Cuddyer hit by pitch . Tiffee hit for Castro . Punto sacrificed to pitcher , Cuddyer to second . Tiffee grounded out to second , Cuddyer to third . Bartlett at shortstop . Rincon pitching for Twins . Stewart grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Varitek struck out swinging . Stern ran for Millar . Millar walked . Stern out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Mueller singled to center . Petagine at first base . Graffanino lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Myers pitching for Red Sox . Ford reached on infield single to shortstop . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Mauer lined out to center . Ford stole second . LeCroy grounded out to third . Jones intentionally walked . Nathan pitching for Twins . Morneau grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Kapler popped out to shortstop . Damon grounded out to second . Renteria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Cuddyer reached on infield single to third , Cuddyer to second on throwing error by third baseman Mueller . Punto sacrificed to third , Cuddyer to third , Punto safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Timlin . Cuddyer scored on throwing error by pitcher Timlin . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 3 - Twins 4 .	Red Sox throwing errors finish Twins comeback