Mariners - Top 1st . Silva pitching for Twins . Suzuki flied out to left . Bloomquist grounded out to third . Ibanez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Meche pitching for Mariners . Stewart reached on infield single to shortstop . Punto doubled to deep right , Stewart to third . Mauer hit sacrifice fly to left , Stewart scored , Punto to third . Morneau singled to center , Punto scored . LeCroy walked , Morneau to second . Jones struck out swinging . Ford grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morneau out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Silva pitching for Twins . Sexson popped out to second . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Reed homered to right center . Morse struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Cuddyer walked . Abernathy flied out to right . Stewart walked , Cuddyer to second . Punto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stewart out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Silva pitching for Twins . Betancourt singled to center . Torrealba singled to center , Betancourt to second . Suzuki singled to right , Betancourt to third , Torrealba to second . Bloomquist grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Betancourt and Torrealba scored on error by first baseman Morneau , Suzuki safe at third on error by first baseman Morneau . Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to right , Suzuki scored . Bloomquist stole second . Sexson grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Bloomquist out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Mauer homered to left . Morneau struck out looking . LeCroy flied out to center . Jones grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Silva pitching for Twins . Beltre singled to center . Reed flied out to center . Morse struck out looking . Beltre caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Ford walked . Cuddyer grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ford out at second . Abernathy walked . Stewart walked , Abernathy to second . Punto grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Stewart out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Silva pitching for Twins . Betancourt flied out to right . Torrealba singled to center . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Torrealba out at second . Bloomquist struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Mauer lined out to center . Morneau flied out to left . LeCroy singled to center . Jones struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Silva pitching for Twins . Ibanez flied out to right . Sexson grounded out to third . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Ford singled to left center . Cuddyer doubled to deep center , Ford scored . Abernathy grounded out to first , Cuddyer to third . Stewart struck out swinging . Punto flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Silva pitching for Twins . Reed singled to center . Morse bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Reed out at second . Betancourt singled to center , Morse to second . Strong ran for Morse . Torrealba lined out to right . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Betancourt out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . Morneau doubled to right . Bartlett ran for LeCroy . LeCroy intentionally walked . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Jones struck out swinging . Ford homered to left , Morneau and Bartlett scored . Rincon pitching for Twins . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Bloomquist reached on infield single to shortstop . Ibanez flied out to center . Sexson walked , Bloomquist to second . Beltre flied out to left , Bloomquist to third . Rodriguez hit for Abernathy . Reed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez popped out to shortstop . Stewart popped out to second . Rodriguez at second base . Nathan pitching for Twins . Punto struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Strong flied out to right . Hansen hit for Torrealba . Betancourt flied out to right . Hansen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 4 - Twins 7 .	Twins , Silva beat M 's , ride Ford to sixth straight win