Twins - Top 1st . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Ford grounded out to third . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Mauer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Mays pitching for Twins . Podsednik grounded out to shortstop . Iguchi singled to center . Pierzynski grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Iguchi out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Garcia pitching for White Sox . LeCroy popped out to shortstop . Jones walked . Cuddyer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Mays pitching for Twins . Konerko singled to center . Dye grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Konerko out at second . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Dye out at second . Rowand singled to center , Everett to third . Crede singled to left , Everett scored , Rowand to second . Uribe popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Morneau doubled to left center . Castro lined out to second . Punto grounded out to pitcher , Morneau to third . Ford singled to center , Morneau scored . Rodriguez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Mays pitching for Twins . Podsednik doubled to deep right . Iguchi reached on bunt single to pitcher , Podsednik to third . Pierzynski doubled to deep right center , Podsednik scored , Iguchi to third . Konerko singled to right , Iguchi scored , Pierzynski to third . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Dye homered to right , Pierzynski and Konerko scored . Everett struck out swinging . Rowand grounded out to shortstop . Crede homered to left . Uribe struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Mauer singled to right . LeCroy struck out swinging . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mauer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Podsednik grounded out to second . Iguchi singled to center . Pierzynski flied out to center . Konerko lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Morneau walked . Castro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Morneau out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Dye flied out to left . Everett popped out to shortstop . Rowand flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Punto grounded out to shortstop . Ford grounded out to first . Rodriguez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Crede fouled out to first . Uribe singled to left center . Uribe to second on wild pitch by Guerrier . Podsednik grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Uribe out at second . Iguchi doubled to deep left center , Podsednik scored . Pierzynski struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Mauer grounded out to first . LeCroy popped out to second . Jones safe at first on error by first baseman Konerko . Cuddyer singled to left , Jones to second . Morneau grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Konerko grounded out to pitcher . Dye struck out looking . Everett singled to right . Rowand grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Everett out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Gload at first base . Borchard in right field . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Punto struck out looking . Romero pitching for Twins . Ford grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Romero pitching for Twins . Crede popped out to second . Anderson hit for Podsednik . Uribe flied out to left . Anderson in left field . Casanova catching . Vizcaino pitching for White Sox . Anderson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Vizcaino pitching for White Sox . Rodriguez singled to left . Mauer flied into double play , left to shortstop to first , Rodriguez doubled off first . Ryan hit for LeCroy . Ryan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 1 - White Sox 8 .	Garcia allows four hits , and White Sox dump Twins