White Sox - Top 1st. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Getz grounded out to third. Fields grounded out to pitcher. Quentin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Roberts grounded out to second. Montanez grounded out to catcher. Markakis singled to shallow left. Huff grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Thome grounded out to shortstop. Dye walked. Konerko grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dye out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Wigginton struck out swinging. Scott singled to left center. Zaun flied out to right. Pie walked, Scott to second. Izturis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to third. Anderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Roberts grounded out to second. Montanez struck out swinging. Markakis singled to right center. Huff homered to right, Markakis scored. Wigginton popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Getz walked. Fields struck out swinging. Quentin safe at first on error by third baseman Wigginton, Getz to third. Thome struck out looking. Dye singled to center, Getz scored, Quentin to second. Konerko singled to right, Quentin scored, Dye thrown out at third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Scott walked. Zaun grounded out to second, Scott to second. Pie grounded out to first, Scott to third. Izturis lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Pierzynski singled to right. Ramirez doubled to left, Pierzynski to third. Anderson grounded out to shortstop, Pierzynski scored. Getz hit by pitch. Fields flied out to right, Ramirez to third. Quentin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Getz out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Roberts walked. Montanez grounded out to shortstop, Roberts to second. Markakis doubled to deep center, Roberts scored. Huff intentionally walked. Wigginton popped out to shortstop. Scott singled to right, Markakis scored, Huff to second. Zaun grounded into fielder's choice to third, Huff out at third, Scott to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Thome flied out to center. Dye grounded out to shortstop. Baez pitching for Orioles. Konerko grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Pie grounded out to first. Izturis walked. Izturis stole second, Izturis safe at third on throwing error by catcher Pierzynski. Roberts walked. Montanez doubled to left, Izturis scored, Roberts to third. Richard pitching for White Sox. Markakis singled to left, Roberts scored, Montanez to third. Huff grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Markakis out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Ray pitching for Orioles. Pierzynski flied out to left. Ramirez singled to left. Anderson struck out swinging, Ramirez stole second. Getz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Richard pitching for White Sox. Wigginton grounded out to shortstop. Scott singled to left. Zaun singled to left, Scott to second. Pie grounded out to second, Scott to third, Zaun to second. Izturis doubled to right, Scott and Zaun scored. Roberts grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Fields struck out swinging. Quentin walked. Thome struck out swinging. Dye struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Egbert pitching for White Sox. Montanez grounded out to second. Markakis walked. Huff homered to right, Markakis scored. Wigginton grounded out to pitcher. Scott grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Bass pitching for Orioles. Owens hit for Konerko. Owens grounded out to second. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Ramirez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 3 - Orioles 10.	Orioles spank White Sox, snap five-game skid