White Sox - Top 1st. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Nix grounded out to shortstop. Fields hit by pitch. Quentin popped out to shortstop. Konerko struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Danks pitching for White Sox. Kinsler homered to left. Andrus singled to center, Andrus to second on error by center fielder Lillibridge. Young struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to pitcher, Andrus to third. Blalock grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 2nd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Betemit doubled to deep right. Miller grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik grounded out to first, Betemit to third. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Byrd flied out to center. Cruz lined out to left. Davis safe at first on error by first baseman Betemit. Teagarden flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 3rd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Lillibridge grounded out to shortstop. Nix reached on infield single to third. Fields grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Nix out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Kinsler flied out to right. Andrus doubled to left. Andrus stole third. Young grounded out to first. Jones singled to left, Andrus scored. Blalock struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Quentin grounded out to third. Konerko doubled to deep left. Betemit flied out to left. Miller lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Byrd doubled to deep left. Cruz singled to right center, Byrd to third. Davis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Byrd scored, Cruz out at second. Teagarden flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Podsednik grounded out to pitcher. Ramirez singled to center. Lillibridge singled to left, Ramirez to second. Nix singled to left, Ramirez to third, Lillibridge to second. Fields struck out swinging. Quentin flied out to right. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Kinsler reached on infield single to second. Andrus sacrificed to pitcher, Kinsler to second. Young singled to left, Kinsler scored. Jones walked, Young to second. Blalock grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jones out at second, Young to third. Byrd popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Jennings pitching for Rangers. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Betemit flied out to left. Miller popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Cruz singled to right. Davis struck out swinging, Cruz stole second. Teagarden singled to left, Cruz to third. Dotel pitching for White Sox. Kinsler hit sacrifice fly to left, Cruz scored. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Teagarden out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Jennings pitching for Rangers. Podsednik popped out to third. Ramirez doubled to deep left. Lillibridge singled to right, Ramirez to third. Nix hit sacrifice fly to right, Ramirez scored. Fields struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Young reached on infield single to third. Jones grounded into double play, third to second to first, Young out at second. Blalock grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Quentin struck out swinging. Konerko struck out swinging. Betemit singled to right. Miller grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Byrd singled to center. Cruz doubled to deep center, Byrd to third. Davis intentionally walked. Teagarden struck out swinging. Kinsler grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Byrd out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Podsednik grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to third. Lillibridge lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 1 - Rangers 5.	Kinsler's leadoff homer sparks Rangers' rout