White Sox - Top 1st. Baker pitching for Twins. Podsednik flied out to center. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Dye struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Span homered to right. Harris doubled to left. Mauer struck out swinging. Morneau grounded out to shortstop, Harris to third. Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Baker pitching for Twins. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko grounded out to second. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Crede singled to center. Redmond singled to center, Crede to second. Gomez homered to left, Crede and Redmond scored. Punto fouled out to first. Span walked. Span stole second. Harris doubled to deep right center, Span scored. Mauer grounded out to second, Harris to third. Morneau lined out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Baker pitching for Twins. Getz doubled to deep right. Beckham lined out to shortstop. Wise doubled to deep right, Getz scored. Podsednik popped out to shortstop. Ramirez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Cuddyer singled to right. Crede fouled out to first. Redmond grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cuddyer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Baker pitching for Twins. Dye grounded out to second. Thome grounded out to shortstop. Konerko lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Gomez hit ground rule double to deep left center. Punto grounded out to second, Gomez to third. Span singled to right, Gomez scored. Harris homered to left, Span scored. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Mauer struck out swinging. Morneau singled to deep right, Morneau out stretching at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Baker pitching for Twins. Pierzynski popped out to shortstop. Getz grounded out to shortstop. Beckham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Cuddyer popped out to second. Crede struck out swinging. Redmond singled to center. Gomez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Redmond out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Baker pitching for Twins. Wise flied out to left. Podsednik grounded out to third. Ramirez walked. Dye singled to right, Ramirez to third. Thome homered to left center, Ramirez and Dye scored. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Poreda pitching for White Sox. Punto walked. Punto picked off first. Span walked. Span stole second. Harris safe at first on error by third baseman Beckham, Span to third. Mauer struck out swinging. Harris caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Baker pitching for Twins. Pierzynski flied out to left. Getz singled to center. Beckham singled to left, Getz to second. Mijares pitching for Twins. Anderson hit for Wise. Anderson reached on infield single to third, Getz to third, Beckham to second. Podsednik hit sacrifice fly to center, Getz scored. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Ramirez reached on infield single to first, Beckham to third, Anderson to second. Dye popped out to second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Podsednik in left field. Anderson in center field. Poreda pitching for White Sox. Morneau doubled to deep right. Pena pitching for White Sox. Cuddyer hit by pitch. Crede reached on infield single to third, Morneau to third, Cuddyer to second. Redmond popped out to second. Gomez singled to left center, Morneau and Cuddyer scored, Crede to second. Punto walked, Crede to third, Gomez to second. Span grounded out to second, Crede scored, Gomez to third, Punto to second. Harris safe at first on error by third baseman Beckham, Gomez scored, Punto to third. Punto scored, Harris to second on passed ball by Pierzynski. Mauer struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 8th. Castro hit for Thome. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Castro grounded out to third. Fields hit for Konerko. Fields walked. Pierzynski safe at first on error by left fielder Span, Fields to second. Getz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pierzynski out at second, Fields to third. Beckham singled to left, Fields scored, Getz to second. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Getz out at third, Beckham to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 8th. Fields at first base. Linebrink pitching for White Sox. Morneau flied out to center. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Crede flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Keppel pitching for Twins. Podsednik walked. Ramirez singled to right, Podsednik to second. Nix hit for Dye. Nix grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez out at second, Podsednik to third. Castro singled to left, Podsednik scored, Nix to second. Fields grounded out to third, Nix to third, Castro to second. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 7 - Twins 13.	Twins rough up ChiSox