Orioles - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Roberts flied out to left. Markakis singled to deep right center. Jones flied out to left. Huff grounded into fielder's choice to second, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Podsednik grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. Dye flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Wigginton doubled to deep left center. Mora grounded out to first, Wigginton to third. Reimold doubled to left, Wigginton scored. Wieters grounded out to first, Reimold to third. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Thome singled to left. Konerko popped out to second. Pierzynski flied out to center. Getz hit by pitch, Thome to second. Beckham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thome out at third, Getz to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Roberts struck out swinging. Markakis doubled to left. Jones grounded out to pitcher. Huff struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Wise struck out swinging. Podsednik walked. Ramirez doubled to deep left, Podsednik to third. Dye fouled out to first. Thome intentionally walked. Konerko flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Wigginton singled to center. Mora grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wigginton out at second. Reimold flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Getz grounded out to second. Beckham singled to center. Wise flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Wieters struck out swinging. Izturis grounded out to second. Roberts singled to left center. Markakis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Podsednik grounded out to second. Ramirez safe at second on error by first baseman Wigginton. Dye homered to left, Ramirez scored. Thome doubled to deep right. Konerko singled to center, Thome to third. Pierzynski singled to left center, Thome scored, Konerko to second. Getz singled to left, Konerko thrown out at home, Pierzynski to third, Getz to second advancing on throw. Beckham singled to right, Pierzynski scored, Getz thrown out at home. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Jones struck out swinging. Huff grounded out to second. Wigginton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Wise doubled to deep right. Podsednik sacrificed to first, Wise to third. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Dye flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Mora grounded out to third. Reimold flied out to center. Wieters flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Thome grounded out to first. Konerko struck out swinging. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Izturis singled to center. Roberts singled to center, Izturis to second. Markakis flied out to center. Linebrink pitching for White Sox. Jones singled to left, Izturis to third, Roberts to second. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Huff flied out to right. Wigginton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Sherrill pitching for Orioles. Getz fouled out to third. Beckham singled to center. Anderson hit for Wise. Anderson grounded out to third, Beckham to second. Podsednik struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Anderson in center field. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Mora doubled to deep right. Reimold singled to center, Mora scored. Wieters struck out swinging. Scott hit for Izturis. Scott struck out looking. Reimold to second on fielder's indifference. Roberts singled to right center, Reimold scored. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Roberts out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 3 - White Sox 4.	White Sox top O's, near Tigers in AL Central