Indians - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Sizemore singled to center. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sizemore safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Nix. Choo hit by pitch, Cabrera to second. Peralta grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sizemore scored, Choo out at second, Cabrera to third. Hafner grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Sowers pitching for Indians. Podsednik grounded out to pitcher. Beckham flied out to right. Dye singled to center. Thome struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Carroll singled to left. Shoppach homered to right, Carroll scored. Crowe safe at first on error by third baseman Beckham. Marte flied out to right. Sizemore grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Crowe out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Sowers pitching for Indians. Konerko flied out to right. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. Quentin singled to left. Ramirez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Cabrera singled to center. Cabrera picked off first. Choo tripled to deep left. Peralta singled to left, Choo scored. Hafner grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peralta out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Sowers pitching for Indians. Nix walked. Podsednik fouled out to left. Beckham doubled to deep right center, Nix scored. Dye popped out to first. Thome singled to center, Beckham scored. Konerko flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Carroll flied out to center. Shoppach homered to right. Crowe popped out to shortstop. Marte popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Pierzynski singled to center. Quentin flied out to center. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierzynski out at second. Nix popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Sizemore walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sizemore out at second. Choo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Podsednik flied out to left. Beckham struck out swinging. Dye struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Peralta flied out to left. Hafner walked. Carroll singled to left, Hafner to second. Shoppach singled to center, Hafner scored, Carroll to second. Crowe grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Shoppach out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Thome grounded out to second. Konerko flied out to right. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Marte struck out looking. Sizemore singled to center. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sizemore out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Quentin grounded out to third. Ramirez flied out to center. Nix flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Choo flied out to left. Peralta doubled to deep center. Hafner struck out swinging. Pena pitching for White Sox. Peralta to third on passed ball by Pierzynski. Carroll lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Podsednik hit ground rule double to left. Beckham walked. Perez pitching for Indians. Dye walked, Podsednik to third, Beckham to second. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko popped out to first. Sipp pitching for Indians. Pierzynski lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Pena pitching for White Sox. Shoppach struck out swinging. Crowe walked. Marte struck out swinging. Crowe stole second. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Wood pitching for Indians. Quentin grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez safe at first on error by left fielder Crowe. Getz ran for Ramirez. Wise hit for Nix. Wise flied out to right. Getz to second on fielder's indifference. Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop, Getz to third. Podsednik to second on fielder's indifference. Beckham flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Indians 6 - White Sox 2.	Shoppach hits 2 homers as Indians top ChiSox