Indians - Top 1st. Torres pitching for White Sox. Sizemore lined out to left. Cabrera walked. Choo walked, Cabrera to second. Peralta walked, Cabrera to third, Choo to second. Hafner struck out swinging. Gimenez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Podsednik grounded out to pitcher. Beckham reached on infield single to shortstop. Thome struck out looking. Konerko hit by pitch, Beckham to second. Pierzynski singled to left, Beckham scored, Konerko to second. Quentin grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Torres pitching for White Sox. Valbuena singled to left. Shoppach struck out looking. Valbuena caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Crowe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Getz struck out looking. Ramirez walked. Wise struck out swinging. Podsednik grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Torres pitching for White Sox. Sizemore struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to center. Choo walked, Cabrera to second. Peralta doubled to deep left, Cabrera and Choo scored. Hafner flied out to right, Peralta to third. Gimenez flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Beckham struck out swinging. Thome doubled to deep center. Thome to third on wild pitch by Masterson. Konerko grounded out to third. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Torres pitching for White Sox. Valbuena walked. Shoppach walked, Valbuena to second. Crowe sacrificed to pitcher, Valbuena to third, Shoppach to second. Williams pitching for White Sox. Sizemore grounded out to first, Valbuena scored, Shoppach to third. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Shoppach scored. Cabrera stole second. Choo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Quentin popped out to shortstop. Getz singled to right. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop, Getz to second. Wise grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Williams pitching for White Sox. Peralta struck out swinging. Hafner struck out swinging. Gimenez walked. Gimenez stole second. Valbuena doubled to deep right, Gimenez scored. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Shoppach lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Ohka pitching for Indians. Podsednik struck out swinging. Beckham hit by pitch. Thome homered to center, Beckham scored. Konerko singled to center. Pierzynski singled to center, Konerko to second. Quentin doubled to deep right, Konerko and Pierzynski scored. Todd pitching for Indians. Getz fouled out to third. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Crowe singled to shallow right. Sizemore grounded out to second, Crowe to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Choo intentionally walked. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to first, Choo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Todd pitching for Indians. Wise doubled to left. Podsednik grounded out to second, Wise to third. Beckham hit sacrifice fly to center, Wise scored. Perez pitching for Indians. Thome grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Hafner struck out swinging. Gimenez singled to right. Valbuena popped out to third. Shoppach struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Konerko singled to center. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Konerko out at second, Pierzynski to second on throwing error by second baseman Valbuena. Quentin intentionally walked. Getz singled to right, Pierzynski scored, Quentin to third, Getz thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Ramirez intentionally walked. Wise fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 8th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Crowe singled to right center. Sizemore flied out to center. Cabrera singled to center, Crowe to second. Choo struck out swinging. Crowe stole third, Cabrera stole second. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Lewis pitching for Indians. Podsednik hit by pitch. Beckham out on batter's interference to pitcher. Beckham batting. Thome grounded out to first, Podsednik to second. Konerko safe at first on error by third baseman Peralta, Podsednik scored. Pierzynski flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 9th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Hafner struck out looking. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Gimenez struck out swinging. Valbuena flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 5 - White Sox 8.	White Sox rally behind Thome's two-run homer