Red Sox - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Martinez walked. Youkilis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Byrd pitching for Red Sox. Podsednik grounded out to second. Beckham struck out looking. Pierzynski flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Ortiz flied out to center. Bay struck out swinging. Drew popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Byrd pitching for Red Sox. Konerko reached on infield single to second. Kotsay homered to right, Konerko scored. Quentin reached on infield single to third. Getz singled to shallow left, Quentin to third. Ramirez flied out to left. Rios struck out swinging. Getz stole second. Podsednik struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Varitek struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to center. Ellsbury grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Byrd pitching for Red Sox. Beckham tripled to deep center. Pierzynski singled to right, Beckham scored. Konerko doubled to left, Pierzynski to third. Kotsay singled to left center, Pierzynski scored, Konerko to third. Quentin popped out to second. Getz doubled to left, Konerko scored, Kotsay to third. Ramirez singled to center, Kotsay and Getz scored. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Rios flied out to center. Podsednik flied out to left. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Pedroia singled to left. Martinez singled to right, Pedroia to third, Martinez out stretching at second. Youkilis singled to center, Pedroia scored. Ortiz flied out to center. Bay struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Beckham flied out to right. Pierzynski doubled to left. Konerko walked. Kotsay singled to right, Pierzynski to third, Konerko to second. Quentin hit sacrifice fly to right, Pierzynski scored. Getz singled to center, Konerko scored, Kotsay to third. Ramirez singled to left, Kotsay scored, Getz to second. Rios reached on infield single to shortstop, Getz to third, Ramirez to second. Podsednik singled to right, Getz and Ramirez scored, Rios to third. Beckham popped out to third. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Drew singled to right. Varitek flied out to center. Gonzalez flied out to center. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Drew out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Anderson in center field. Green at third base. Kotchman at first base. Woodward at second base. Gathright in left field. Reddick in right field. Kottaras catching. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Pierzynski singled to right. Konerko struck out looking. Kotsay grounded out to first, Pierzynski to second. Quentin flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Nix at third base. Wise in right field. Kotsay at first base. Lillibridge at shortstop. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Green singled to left. Kotchman struck out swinging. Woodward grounded into fielder's choice to third, Green out at second. Ortiz reached on infield single to third, Woodward to second, Woodward to third, Ortiz to second on throwing error by third baseman Nix. Gathright grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Getz flied out to right. Lillibridge grounded out to third. Rios safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Green. Podsednik flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 7th. Flowers catching. Hudson pitching for White Sox. Reddick hit by pitch. Kottaras flied out to left. Gonzalez popped out to first. Anderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Nix struck out swinging. Flowers struck out swinging. Wise reached on infield single to shortstop. Kotsay walked, Wise to second. Fields hit for Quentin. Fields struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Hudson pitching for White Sox. Green grounded out to third. Kotchman popped out to shortstop. Woodward flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Saito pitching for Red Sox. Getz singled to right. Lillibridge flied out to right. Rios singled to right, Getz to second. Podsednik flied out to left. Nix struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Nunez pitching for White Sox. Baldelli hit for Ortiz. Baldelli struck out swinging. Gathright singled to center. Reddick struck out swinging. Kottaras doubled to deep right center, Gathright scored. Gonzalez popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 2 - White Sox 12.	Kotsay's HR starts hit parade as White Sox roll