Astros - Top 1st . Santana pitching for Twins . Springer struck out swinging . Reddick struck out looking . Altuve doubled to right . Correa grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Peacock pitching for Astros . Dozier flied out to left . Grossman struck out looking . Mauer lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Santana pitching for Twins . Beltrán grounded out to first . McCann lined out to center . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Peacock pitching for Astros . Sanó struck out swinging . Kepler struck out swinging . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Santana pitching for Twins . Bregman struck out swinging . Aoki grounded out to pitcher . Springer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Peacock pitching for Astros . Rosario flied out to center . Gimenez struck out looking . Buxton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Twins . Reddick lined out to left . Altuve grounded out to second . Correa homered to center ( 443 feet ) . Beltrán singled to left , Beltrán to third on throwing error by left fielder Rosario . Beltrán scored on Santana 's wild pitch . McCann flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 4th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Dozier flied out to left . Grossman struck out looking . Mauer singled to shallow left . Sanó popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Santana pitching for Twins . González singled to right center . Bregman lined out to center . Aoki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , González out at second . Springer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Kepler doubled to deep right . Polanco tripled to deep right center , Kepler scored . Rosario grounded out to first . Gimenez walked . Buxton struck out swinging . Polanco scored , Gimenez to second on passed ball by McCann . Dozier singled to center , Gimenez scored . Jankowski pitching for Astros . Grossman doubled to deep right center , Dozier scored . Mauer singled to center , Grossman scored . Sanó homered to center ( 420 feet ) , Mauer scored . Kepler bunt grounded out to pitcher . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Santana pitching for Twins . Reddick lined out to left . Altuve flied out to center . Correa doubled to left . Beltrán walked . McCann walked , Correa to third , Beltrán to second . González grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Jankowski pitching for Astros . Polanco singled to right . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Polanco out at second . Gimenez flied out to left . Adrianza hit for Buxton . Adrianza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Rosario in center field . Adrianza in left field . Santana pitching for Twins . Bregman flied out to right . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . Springer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Jankowski pitching for Astros . Dozier flied out to left . Grossman homered to right ( 400 feet ) . Mauer flied out to left . Sanó walked . Kepler flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Pressly pitching for Twins . Reddick walked . Altuve hit by pitch , Reddick to second . Correa singled to right , Reddick scored , Altuve to third . Beltrán reached on infield single to third , Correa to second . McCann popped out to second . González singled to deep left , Altuve and Correa scored , Beltrán to second . Breslow pitching for Twins . Bregman singled to right , Beltrán to third , González to second . Gattis hit for Aoki . Gattis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltrán scored , Bregman out at second , González to third . Marisnick ran for Gattis . Springer singled to left , González scored , Marisnick to second . Reddick doubled to right center , Marisnick and Springer scored . Belisle pitching for Twins . Reddick to third on balk by Belisle . Altuve singled to right , Reddick scored . Correa walked , Altuve to second . Beltrán homered to right ( 373 feet ) , Altuve and Correa scored . McCann lined out to left . 11 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Springer in right field . Reddick in left field . Marisnick in center field . Gregerson pitching for Astros . Polanco grounded out to second . Rosario singled to left . Gimenez lined into double play , shortstop to first , Rosario doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Rucinski pitching for Twins . González doubled to left . Bregman homered to left center ( 416 feet ) , González scored . Marisnick walked . Springer singled to right center , Marisnick to second . Reddick popped out to third . Altuve reached on infield single to third , Marisnick to third , Springer to second . Correa grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Marisnick scored , Altuve out at second , Springer to third . Beltrán reached on infield single to second , Correa to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Gregerson pitching for Astros . Adrianza singled to center . Dozier struck out swinging . Grossman walked , Adrianza to second . Mauer struck out swinging . Sanó struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 16 - Twins 8 .	Astros rally for 11 runs in 8th inning , overwhelm Twins 16 - 8