Astros - Top 1st . Santiago pitching for Twins . Springer walked . Altuve fouled out to first . Correa homered to left ( 393 feet ) , Springer scored . Gattis grounded out to second . González struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Paulino pitching for Astros . Dozier singled to left . Polanco struck out swinging . Kepler singled to left , Dozier to second . Grossman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kepler out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Santiago pitching for Twins . Gurriel popped out to shortstop . Bregman fouled out to first . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Paulino pitching for Astros . Rosario struck out swinging . Escobar struck out swinging . Gimenez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Santiago pitching for Twins . Marisnick fouled out to first . Springer singled to center . Altuve singled to right center , Springer to third . Correa singled to left , Springer scored , Altuve to second . Gattis singled to right , Altuve scored , Correa to third . González flied out to right , Correa tagged out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Paulino pitching for Astros . Castro grounded out to second . Buxton struck out swinging . Dozier homered to left ( 414 feet ) . Polanco flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Santiago pitching for Twins . Gurriel flied out to center . Bregman lined out to left . Aoki walked . Aoki stole second . Marisnick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Paulino pitching for Astros . Kepler singled to shallow right . Kepler to second on wild pitch by Paulino . Grossman struck out looking . Kepler to third on wild pitch by Paulino . Rosario singled to center , Kepler scored . Escobar struck out swinging , Rosario to second on wild pitch by Paulino . Gimenez walked . Castro struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Santiago pitching for Twins . Springer homered to left ( 368 feet ) . Altuve grounded out to third . Correa struck out swinging . Gattis grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Hoyt pitching for Astros . Buxton reached on infield single to shortstop . Buxton stole second . Dozier flied out to right . Polanco struck out swinging . Kepler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Santiago pitching for Twins . González flied out to right . Gurriel flied out to center . Bregman homered to left ( 369 feet ) . Aoki singled to center . Marisnick popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Hoyt pitching for Astros . Grossman struck out swinging . Rosario homered to right ( 388 feet ) . Escobar grounded out to second . Gimenez singled to left . Sipp pitching for Astros . Castro homered to center ( 432 feet ) , Gimenez scored . Buxton grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Pressly pitching for Twins . Springer homered to left center ( 467 feet ) . Altuve walked . Duffey pitching for Twins . Correa singled to center , Altuve to third . Gattis hit ground rule double to right , Altuve scored , Correa to third . González intentionally walked . Gurriel singled to center , Correa and Gattis scored , González to second , González to third , Gurriel to second on throwing error by center fielder Buxton . Bregman singled to center , González scored , Gurriel to third . Breslow pitching for Twins . Aoki hit sacrifice fly to center , Gurriel scored . Marisnick flied out to center . Springer singled to right , Bregman to second . Altuve walked , Bregman to third , Springer to second . Correa popped out to second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 7th . Guduan pitching for Astros . Dozier struck out swinging . Polanco singled to shallow center . Kepler struck out looking . Grossman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Wheeler pitching for Twins . Gattis homered to left ( 379 feet ) . González singled to right . Gurriel walked , González to second . Bregman lined out to right . Aoki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gurriel out at second , González to third . Marisnick doubled to left , González scored , Aoki to third , Aoki scored on error by left fielder Rosario . Springer walked . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Springer out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 8th . Guduan pitching for Astros . Rosario doubled to deep right . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Gimenez walked . Castro grounded out to shortstop , Rosario to third , Gimenez to second . Gimenez to third on wild pitch by Guduan . Buxton walked . Buxton to second on fielder 's indifference . Dozier grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Adrianza at first base . Gimenez pitching for Twins . Correa grounded out to shortstop . Gattis singled to left . González homered to right ( 377 feet ) , Gattis scored . Gurriel flied out to center . Bregman popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Feliz pitching for Astros . Polanco struck out swinging . Kepler popped out to shortstop . Adrianza doubled to deep right . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 17 - Twins 6 .	Astros tally 17 , set club mark for runs in series