Tigers - Top 1st . Mejia pitching for Twins . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Castellanos lined out to right . Upton walked . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Dozier doubled to deep right . Escobar struck out swinging . Sanó struck out swinging . Grossman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Mejia pitching for Twins . Mahtook struck out swinging . Martínez struck out swinging . McCann doubled to deep left . Presley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Rosario flied out to center . Gimenez grounded out to pitcher . Kepler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Mejia pitching for Twins . Iglesias singled to left center . Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop , Iglesias to second , Iglesias to third on throwing error by shortstop Polanco . Castellanos struck out looking . Upton doubled to deep right center , Iglesias scored , Kinsler to third , Kinsler scored , Upton to third on error by catcher Gimenez . Cabrera fouled out to first . Mahtook grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Polanco struck out swinging . Granite walked . Granite caught stealing second , catcher to second . Dozier walked . Escobar homered to left ( 438 feet ) , Dozier scored . Sanó struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Mejia pitching for Twins . Martínez struck out looking . McCann singled to right . Presley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McCann out at second . Iglesias flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Grossman walked . Rosario struck out swinging . Gimenez bunt popped out to pitcher . Kepler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Mejia pitching for Twins . Kinsler flied out to left . Castellanos walked . Hildenberger pitching for Twins . Upton struck out looking . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Polanco lined out to right . Granite reached on infield single to first . Dozier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Granite out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Hildenberger pitching for Twins . Mahtook singled to right center . Martínez grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Mahtook out at second . McCann grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Escobar popped out to second . Sanó struck out swinging . Grossman popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Hildenberger pitching for Twins . Presley singled to left center . Iglesias homered to left ( 430 feet ) , Presley scored . Kinsler doubled to deep left . Pressly pitching for Twins . Castellanos struck out swinging . Upton struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Rosario singled to right . Greene pitching for Tigers . Mauer hit for Gimenez . Mauer walked , Rosario to second . Kepler reached on bunt single to catcher , Rosario to third , Mauer to second . Castro hit for Polanco . Castro struck out looking . Granite grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rosario scored , Mauer to third , Kepler safe at second on error by second baseman Kinsler . Dozier struck out swinging . Escobar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 8th . Escobar at shortstop . Sanó at third base . Mauer at first base . Castro catching . Pressly pitching for Twins . Mahtook grounded out to shortstop . Boshers pitching for Twins . Martínez grounded out to pitcher . McCann hit ground rule double to right . Presley singled to left , McCann to third . Duffey pitching for Twins . Iglesias singled to shallow center , McCann scored , Presley to second . Kinsler singled to left center , Presley scored , Iglesias to second . Castellanos flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Rondón pitching for Tigers . Sanó struck out swinging . Grossman singled to center . Rosario doubled to deep right center , Grossman to third . Mauer singled to center , Grossman and Rosario scored . Kepler grounded out to second , Mauer to second . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Castro struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Kintzler pitching for Twins . Upton doubled to deep left center . Cabrera struck out looking . Upton stole third . Mahtook walked . Martínez singled to right center , Upton scored , Mahtook to third . McCann walked , Martínez to second . Breslow pitching for Twins . Adduci ran for Martínez . Presley singled to center , Mahtook scored , Adduci to third , McCann to second . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Adduci out at home , McCann to third , Presley to second . Kinsler walked , McCann scored , Presley to third , Iglesias to second . Castellanos flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Romine at third base . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Granite struck out swinging . Dozier homered to left ( 405 feet ) . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Sanó walked . Grossman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 9 - Twins 6 .	Iglesias , Boyd lead Tigers over Twins 9 - 6