Twins - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Dozier flied out to center . Kepler grounded out to first . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Berrios pitching for Twins . Kinsler grounded out to third . Mahtook doubled to left . Upton singled to center , Mahtook to third . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Castellanos reached on infield single to shortstop , Mahtook scored , Upton to second . Martínez walked , Upton to third , Castellanos to second . McCann homered to left center ( 405 feet ) , Upton , Castellanos and Martínez scored . Presley walked . Iglesias lined out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Sanó grounded out to shortstop . Rosario struck out swinging . Grossman singled to center . Buxton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Kinsler flied out to center . Mahtook lined out to shortstop . Upton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Polanco fouled out to left . Castro walked . Dozier singled to left , Castro to second . Kepler singled to right , Castro to third , Dozier to second . Mauer doubled to deep left center , Castro , Dozier and Kepler scored . Sanó fouled out to first . Rosario homered to right center ( 445 feet ) , Mauer scored . Grossman flied out to left . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Cabrera flied out to center . Castellanos grounded out to third . Martínez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Buxton homered to right center ( 396 feet ) . Polanco singled to right . Castro grounded out to first , Polanco to second . Dozier singled to left , Polanco scored . Stumpf pitching for Tigers . Kepler hit by pitch , Dozier to second . Mauer flied out to left . Sanó popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Berrios pitching for Twins . McCann doubled to deep right center . Presley singled to center , McCann to third . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McCann scored , Presley out at second . Kinsler hit by pitch , Iglesias to second . Pressly pitching for Twins . Mahtook struck out looking . Upton fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Stumpf pitching for Tigers . Rosario grounded out to first . Grossman singled to center . Buxton singled to left , Grossman to second . Polanco flied out to right , Grossman to third . Castro singled to center , Grossman scored , Buxton to third . Mujica pitching for Tigers . Dozier flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Gee pitching for Twins . Cabrera singled to center . Castellanos grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . Martínez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Mujica pitching for Tigers . Kepler singled to right . Mauer homered to left center ( 384 feet ) , Kepler scored . Sanó singled to left . Rosario doubled to deep right , Sanó to third . Grossman flied out to center . Buxton hit sacrifice fly to left , Sanó scored , Rosario to third . Polanco struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Gee pitching for Twins . McCann popped out to first . Presley flied out to left . Iglesias grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Hicks at first base . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Castro doubled to right center . Dozier grounded out to shortstop , Castro to third . Kepler grounded out to first . Mauer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Gee pitching for Twins . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Mahtook tripled to right . Upton hit sacrifice fly to right , Mahtook scored . Hicks struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Jimenez pitching for Tigers . Sanó singled to left . Rosario flied out to center . Grossman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sanó out at second , Grossman to second on throwing error by shortstop Iglesias . Buxton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Gee pitching for Twins . Castellanos singled to right center . Martínez singled to deep right , Castellanos to third . Hildenberger pitching for Twins . McCann grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castellanos scored , Martínez out at second . Presley grounded out to second , McCann to second . Iglesias homered to left center ( 388 feet ) , McCann scored . Belisle pitching for Twins . Kinsler struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Greene pitching for Tigers . Polanco struck out swinging . Castro singled to right . Dozier singled to left center , Castro to second . Kepler grounded out to first , Castro to third , Dozier to second . Mauer walked . Sanó struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Belisle pitching for Twins . Mahtook singled to shallow right center . Upton homered to left ( 403 feet ) , Mahtook scored . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 11 - Tigers 12 .	Upton 's HR caps comeback for Tigers in 12 - 11 win over Twins