Cubs - Top 1st. Keller pitching for Pirates. Rizzo popped out to shortstop. Castellanos struck out swinging. Zobrist singled to center. Schwarber doubled to right, Zobrist to third. Contreras walked. Happ struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Newman safe at first on error by shortstop Hoerner. Reynolds flied out to left. Newman stole second. Frazier flied out to right, Newman to third. Osuna grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 2nd. Keller pitching for Pirates. Heyward grounded out to second. Hoerner lined out to shortstop. Hendricks struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Moran fouled out to third. Stallings lined out to center. Kramer safe at first on error by third baseman Happ, Kramer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 3rd. Keller pitching for Pirates. Rizzo singled to left. Castellanos lined out to center. Zobrist struck out looking. Schwarber walked, Rizzo to second. Contreras struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. González struck out swinging. Keller struck out looking. Newman grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Keller pitching for Pirates. Happ singled to right center. Heyward grounded into fielder's choice to second, Happ out at second. Hoerner doubled to right center, Heyward scored. Hendricks struck out swinging. Rizzo grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Reynolds grounded out to second. Frazier struck out swinging. Osuna safe at first on error by shortstop Hoerner. Moran popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 5th. Keller pitching for Pirates. Castellanos lined out to center. Zobrist singled to shallow left. Schwarber doubled to deep right, Zobrist to third. Contreras struck out swinging. Happ flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Stallings struck out swinging. Kramer struck out swinging. González flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Heyward flied out to right. Hoerner grounded out to pitcher. Hendricks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Joseph hit for Stratton. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Joseph flied out to left. Newman singled to center. Reynolds lined out to third. Newman picked off first. Kyle Hendricks pitches to Adam Frazier. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Rizzo grounded out to shortstop. Castellanos grounded out to pitcher. Zobrist grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Caratini at first base. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Frazier doubled to center. Osuna singled to shallow center, Frazier to third. Moran singled to left, Frazier scored, Osuna to second. Stallings singled to right center, Moran to second, Osuna to third. Kramer doubled to right, Osuna scored and Moran scored, Stallings to third. Stallings scored on error by second baseman Zobrist and Kramer scored on error by second baseman Zobrist, González safe at first on error by second baseman Zobrist. Phelps pitching for Cubs. Reyes hit for Liriano. Reyes singled to right, González to second. Newman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reyes out at second, González to third. Hultzen pitching for Cubs. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, González scored on throwing error by pitcher Hultzen, Newman safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Hultzen. Frazier singled to center, Newman scored, Reynolds to second. Osuna walked, Frazier to second, Reynolds to third. Moran struck out looking. Norwood pitching for Cubs. Russell at second base. Stallings flied out to right. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 2 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Reyes in right field. Schwarber struck out swinging. Contreras doubled to deep right center. Happ struck out swinging. Heyward walked. Hoerner singled to right center, Contreras scored, Heyward to second. Russell struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Elmore hit for Rodríguez. Norwood pitching for Cubs. Elmore reached on infield single to third. González homered to right center (401 feet), Elmore scored. Reyes struck out swinging. Holland pitching for Cubs. Newman flied out to right. Reynolds flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Kela pitching for Pirates. Caratini grounded out to second. Castellanos popped out to second. Kemp hit for Holland. Kemp walked. Kemp to second on fielder's indifference. Schwarber grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 2 - Pirates 9.	Cubs lose 7th straight, on brink of elimination