Blue Jays - Top 1st. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. Johnson struck out swinging. Bautista safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Betemit. Lind popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Chavez grounded out to first. Hardy flied out to right. Markakis safe at first on error by third baseman Encarnacion. Jones fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Thames grounded out to shortstop. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Lawrie safe at first on error by third baseman Betemit. Rasmus grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Wieters grounded out to first. Davis grounded out to second. Betemit homered to center (404 feet). Reynolds struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Arencibia struck out looking. Escobar struck out looking. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Flaherty walked. Chavez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Flaherty out at second. Hardy doubled to deep center. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Lind walked. Thames singled to left, Lind to second. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Lawrie reached on infield single to shortstop, Lind to third, Thames to second. Rasmus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Jones walked. Wieters grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. Davis homered to left (369 feet). Betemit struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Arencibia grounded out to first. Escobar struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Reynolds reached on infield single to third. Flaherty grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reynolds out at second, Flaherty to second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Chavez struck out swinging. Hardy lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Bautista singled to left. Lind flied out to center. Thames lined into double play, second to first, Bautista doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis walked. Jones lined into double play, to second, Markakis doubled off first. Wieters singled to right center. Davis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Encarnacion singled to left. Lawrie grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Encarnacion out at second. Rasmus flied out to center. Arencibia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Crawford pitching for Blue Jays. Betemit struck out swinging. Reynolds singled to center. Flaherty grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Lindstrom pitching for Orioles. Escobar struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Chavez grounded out to catcher. Hardy struck out looking. Markakis walked. Jones doubled to deep left, Markakis scored. Wieters grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Strop pitching for Orioles. Lind singled to left. Thames reached on infield single to pitcher, Lind to second. Davis ran for Thames. Encarnacion flied out to center. Lawrie grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 0 - Orioles 3.	Hammel in control as Orioles shut out Blue Jays