Orioles - Top 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Avery grounded out to second. Hardy grounded out to third. Markakis singled to right center. Jones walked, Markakis to second. Betemit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Dyson grounded out to pitcher. Giavotella fouled out to right. Butler lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Davis singled to center. Andino flied out to right. Flaherty struck out swinging. Davis caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Gordon popped out to second. Francoeur grounded out to pitcher. Moustakas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Exposito struck out looking. Avery grounded out to pitcher. Hardy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Escobar reached on infield single to second. Falu singled to center, Escobar to second. Quintero doubled to deep center, Escobar and Falu scored, Quintero to third advancing on throw. Dyson struck out looking. Giavotella singled to right, Quintero scored. Butler singled to center, Giavotella to second. Gordon flied out to left. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to third, Giavotella out at third, Butler to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Markakis singled to right center. Jones homered to center (425 feet), Markakis scored. Betemit flied out to center. Davis singled to right. Andino grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Davis out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Moustakas flied out to center. Escobar reached on infield single to second. Falu sacrificed to first, Escobar to second. Quintero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Flaherty struck out looking. Exposito grounded out to third. Avery grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Dyson bunt grounded out to pitcher. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop. Butler doubled to deep center. Gordon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Hardy flied out to center. Markakis struck out swinging. Jones struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Moustakas fouled out to catcher. Escobar walked. Falu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Betemit singled to deep left center. Davis singled to deep center, Betemit to second, Betemit scored, Davis to second on error by center fielder Dyson. Crow pitching for Royals. Andino flied out to right, Davis to third. Flaherty bunt grounded out to pitcher. Exposito walked. Avery walked, Exposito to second. Hardy singled to right, Davis and Exposito scored, Avery to third. Mijares pitching for Royals. Markakis flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 7th. Ayala pitching for Orioles. Quintero singled to center. Dyson lined out to second, Quintero to second on throwing error by second baseman Andino. Giavotella flied out to left. Quintero to third on wild pitch by Ayala. Butler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 8th. Pena catching. Mijares pitching for Royals. Jones grounded out to third. Betemit grounded out to third. Davis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Strop pitching for Orioles. Gordon grounded out to first. Francoeur grounded out to first. Moustakas grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Coleman pitching for Royals. Andino fouled out to shortstop. Flaherty fouled out to first. Exposito struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Escobar lined out to second. Falu reached on infield single to shortstop. Pena grounded out to first, Falu to second. Dyson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 5 - Royals 3.	O's stop Royals on strength of Jones, Hardy