Orioles - Top 1st. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Andino flied out to center. Hardy tripled to deep center. Jones struck out swinging. Wieters struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Podsednik walked. Pedroia struck out swinging. Podsednik caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Reynolds grounded out to third. Pearce flied out to left. Paulino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Ortiz flied out to left. Youkilis struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia walked. Sweeney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Tolleson flied out to right. Chavez reached on infield single to third. Andino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chavez safe at second on error by shortstop Aviles. Hardy flied out to center, Chavez to third. Jones singled to left center, Chavez scored, Andino to third. Wieters singled to left, Andino scored, Jones to second. Reynolds walked, Jones to third, Wieters to second. Pearce struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Nava struck out looking. Aviles singled to left. Podsednik singled to left, Aviles to second. Pedroia struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Paulino grounded out to shortstop. Tolleson grounded out to second. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Ortiz struck out swinging. Youkilis grounded out to third. Saltalamacchia singled to deep left. Saltalamacchia to second on wild pitch by Hammel. Sweeney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Andino reached on infield single to shortstop. Hardy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Andino out at second. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Hammel pitching for Orioles. Nava reached on infield single to first. Aviles singled to left, Nava to second. Podsednik sacrificed into fielder's choice to first, Nava to third, Aviles to second, Podsednik to first, Nava scored, Aviles to third, Podsednik to second on error by third baseman Tolleson. Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to center, Aviles scored. Gonzalez flied out to left. Ortiz intentionally walked. Youkilis struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 6th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Wieters doubled to deep right. Reynolds reached on bunt single to third, Wieters to third. Pearce hit sacrifice fly to center, Wieters scored. Paulino grounded out to first, Reynolds to second. Tolleson popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Patton pitching for Orioles. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. Sweeney walked. Nava singled to left, Sweeney to second. Aviles singled to left, Sweeney scored, Nava to third. Podsednik hit sacrifice fly to center, Nava scored. Pedroia walked, Aviles to second. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Chavez singled to left. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Andino singled to right, Chavez to second. Hardy singled to center, Chavez scored, Andino to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hardy out at second, Andino to third. Jones to second on wild pitch by Atchison. Wieters intentionally walked. Albers pitching for Red Sox. Reynolds singled to right, Andino scored, Jones to third, Wieters to second. Pearce singled to right, Jones scored, Wieters to third, Reynolds to second. Paulino grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pearce out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Patton pitching for Orioles. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ayala pitching for Orioles. Youkilis flied out to right. Saltalamacchia doubled to left. Saltalamacchia to third on passed ball by Wieters. Sweeney struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Albers pitching for Red Sox. Tolleson struck out swinging. Chavez grounded out to third. Andino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Strop pitching for Orioles. Nava flied out to left. Aviles struck out swinging. Podsednik singled to center. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Podsednik out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to pitcher. Wieters struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Flaherty at third base. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Ortiz singled to left. Youkilis popped out to second. Saltalamacchia homered to left (351 feet), Ortiz scored. Sweeney grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 10th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Reynolds walked. Pearce sacrificed to pitcher, Reynolds to second. Paulino singled to center, Reynolds scored. Flaherty singled to right, Paulino to third. Chavez singled to right, Paulino scored, Flaherty to second. Andino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Chavez out at second, Flaherty to third. Andino stole second. Hardy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 10th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Nava flied out to center. Aviles grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 8 - Red Sox 6.	O's top Red Sox, back in 1st-place tie