Pirates - Top 1st. Chen pitching for Orioles. Presley flied out to center. Walker struck out looking. McCutchen reached on infield single to third. McCutchen stole second. McGehee walked. Hague singled to center, McCutchen scored, McGehee to second, McGehee to third, Hague to second on throwing error by center fielder Jones. Alvarez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Roberts singled to center. Hardy lined out to third. Davis grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Roberts out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Chen pitching for Orioles. Tabata reached on infield single to pitcher. Barajas flied out to left. Barmes flied out to right. Tabata stole second. Presley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Jones doubled to deep left. Wieters grounded out to first, Jones to third. Betemit struck out swinging. Reynolds homered to left (378 feet), Jones scored. Pearce flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Chen pitching for Orioles. Walker grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen grounded out to third. McGehee walked. Hague grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Chavez grounded out to second. Roberts struck out swinging. Hardy singled to center. Davis singled to deep right, Hardy to third. Jones singled to center, Hardy scored, Davis to third. Wieters walked, Jones to second. Betemit struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Chen pitching for Orioles. Alvarez struck out looking. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. Barajas fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Reynolds flied out to right. Pearce singled to center. Chavez lined out to shortstop. Roberts singled to center, Pearce to third. Hardy fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Chen pitching for Orioles. Barmes grounded out to third. Presley struck out looking. Walker doubled to deep right center. McCutchen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Davis flied out to left. Jones homered to left (386 feet). Cruz pitching for Pirates. Wieters flied out to left. Betemit walked. Reynolds struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Chen pitching for Orioles. McGehee homered to right (364 feet). Hague grounded out to shortstop. Alvarez grounded out to shortstop. Tabata singled to right. Barajas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tabata out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Resop pitching for Pirates. Pearce safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Barmes. Chavez reached on bunt single to pitcher, Pearce to second, Pearce to third, Chavez to second on throwing error by pitcher Resop. Flaherty ran for Chavez. Roberts hit sacrifice fly to right, Pearce scored, Flaherty to third. Hardy singled to right, Flaherty scored. Davis homered to right center (401 feet), Hardy scored. Jones lined out to second. Wieters grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Flaherty in right field. Chen pitching for Orioles. Barmes singled to left. Presley doubled to center, Barmes to third. Walker grounded out to shortstop, Barmes scored, Presley to third. Ayala pitching for Orioles. McCutchen hit sacrifice fly to right, Presley scored. McGehee singled to center. Hague struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Slaten pitching for Pirates. Andino hit for Betemit. Andino walked. Reynolds singled to left, Andino to second. Pearce grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reynolds out at second, Andino to third. Flaherty grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Andino at third base. Ayala pitching for Orioles. Alvarez flied out to center. Tabata struck out swinging. Barajas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Slaten pitching for Pirates. Roberts singled to left center. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Roberts out at second. Davis popped out to third. Jones singled to left, Hardy to second. Wieters grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Gregg pitching for Orioles. Barmes popped out to second. Presley walked. Walker homered to left center (391 feet), Presley scored. Johnson pitching for Orioles. McCutchen struck out swinging. McGehee grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 6 - Orioles 8.	Roberts big in return as Orioles sink Pirates