Orioles - Top 1st. Hanson pitching for Braves. Roberts grounded out to second. Hardy singled to center. Davis grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Hardy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Bourn struck out swinging. Prado grounded out to third. McCann homered to right center (432 feet). Uggla struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Hanson pitching for Braves. Jones doubled to deep left. Wieters fouled out to first. Reynolds walked. Betemit flied out to right, Jones to third. Pearce walked, Reynolds to second. Matusz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pearce out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Jones grounded out to first. Diaz reached on infield single to shortstop. Heyward doubled to deep right, Diaz to third. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Diaz out at home. Hanson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Hanson pitching for Braves. Roberts singled to center. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Roberts out at second. Davis walked, Hardy to second. Jones walked, Hardy to third, Davis to second. Wieters grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Bourn walked. Prado walked, Bourn to second. McCann flied out to right. Uggla walked, Bourn to third, Prado to second. Jones grounded into double play, third to second to first, Uggla out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Hanson pitching for Braves. Reynolds safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Simmons. Betemit doubled to deep left center, Reynolds to third, Reynolds scored, Betemit to third on error by center fielder Bourn. Pearce hit sacrifice fly to right, Betemit scored. Matusz struck out swinging. Roberts lined out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Diaz struck out swinging. Heyward flied out to left. Simmons reached on infield single to third. Hanson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Hanson pitching for Braves. Hardy flied out to center. Davis lined out to right. Jones grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Bourn struck out looking. Prado popped out to second. McCann doubled to deep right. Uggla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Hanson pitching for Braves. Wieters struck out swinging. Reynolds walked. Betemit walked, Reynolds to second. Durbin pitching for Braves. Pearce struck out looking. Matusz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Jones flied out to right. Diaz singled to center. Heyward struck out swinging. Simmons homered to left (390 feet), Diaz scored. Wilson hit for Durbin. Wilson tripled to deep center. Bourn reached on infield single to shortstop, Wilson scored. Ayala pitching for Orioles. Prado singled to left, Bourn to second. McCann grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Medlen pitching for Braves. Roberts grounded out to second. Hardy flied out to right. Davis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Ayala pitching for Orioles. Uggla struck out looking. Jones struck out swinging. Diaz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Medlen pitching for Braves. Jones singled to center. Jones caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Wieters walked. Reynolds grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wieters out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Patton pitching for Orioles. Heyward grounded out to first. Simmons singled to right. Hinske hit for Medlen. Hinske grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Simmons out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Prado in left field. Kimbrel pitching for Braves. Hinske at first base. Betemit singled to left. Pearce struck out swinging. Johnson hit for Patton. Johnson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Betemit out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 2 - Braves 4.	Simmons homers as Braves end O's win streak