Tigers - Top 1st. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Jackson struck out swinging. Rhymes lined out to shortstop. Ordonez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Penny pitching for Tigers. Gardner lined out to left. Jeter singled to center. Jeter to second on wild pitch by Penny. Teixeira walked. Rodriguez doubled to deep right, Jeter scored, Teixeira to third. Cano reached on infield single to shortstop, Teixeira scored, Rodriguez to third. Swisher hit sacrifice fly to left, Rodriguez scored. Posada walked, Cano to second. Granderson grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Cabrera doubled to deep right center. Martinez struck out swinging. Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Burnett. Boesch struck out looking. Peralta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Penny pitching for Tigers. Martin struck out swinging. Gardner singled to center. Gardner stole second. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gardner to third. Teixeira homered to right (389 feet), Gardner and Jeter scored. Rodriguez walked. Cano lined out to second, Rodriguez to third on throwing error by second baseman Rhymes. Swisher struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 3rd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Avila flied out to left. Inge grounded out to first. Jackson homered to left (367 feet). Rhymes flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Penny pitching for Tigers. Posada grounded out to shortstop. Granderson singled to center. Granderson stole second. Martin flied out to right. Gardner grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Ordonez popped out to first. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Penny pitching for Tigers. Jeter grounded out to pitcher. Teixeira struck out looking. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Boesch singled to center. Peralta singled to left, Boesch to second. Avila singled to left, Boesch scored, Peralta to second. Inge sacrificed to pitcher, Peralta to third, Avila to second. Jackson walked. Rhymes grounded out to first, Peralta scored, Avila to third, Jackson to second. Ordonez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Penny pitching for Tigers. Cano doubled to deep left. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. Posada walked. Thomas pitching for Tigers. Granderson grounded out to first, Cano to third, Posada to second. Martin homered to left (425 feet), Cano and Posada scored. Gardner singled to left. Jeter reached on infield single to pitcher, Gardner to second. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gardner out at third, Jeter to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Cabrera walked. Martinez singled to right, Cabrera to second. Boesch flied out to center. Peralta flied out to right. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Kelly in right field. Villarreal pitching for Tigers. Rodriguez homered to center (426 feet). Cano struck out swinging. Swisher grounded out to second. Posada singled to right. Granderson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Posada out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Ayala pitching for Yankees. Inge singled to center. Jackson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Inge out at second. Rhymes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Benoit pitching for Tigers. Martin lined out to center. Gardner popped out to second. Nunez hit for Jeter. Nunez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Nunez at shortstop. Chavez at third base. Ayala pitching for Yankees. Kelly doubled to deep center. Cabrera grounded out to third. Martinez homered to right center (402 feet), Kelly scored. Boesch struck out looking. Peralta flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Teixeira struck out looking. Chavez safe at second on error by center fielder Jackson. Cano flied out to left. Gonzalez pitching for Tigers. Swisher fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 9th. Logan pitching for Yankees. Avila walked. Inge singled to left center, Avila to second. Jackson struck out looking. Santiago hit for Rhymes. Santiago grounded out to second, Avila to third, Inge to second. Raburn hit for Kelly. Raburn safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Nunez, Avila scored, Inge to third. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Cabrera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 6 - Yankees 10.	Yankees paste Tigers \n