Tigers - Top 1st. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Jackson struck out looking. Wells flied out to right. Boesch singled to center. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Murphy singled to center. Murphy to second on wild pitch by Porcello. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop, Murphy to third. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. Peralta flied out to left. Avila doubled to deep center. Raburn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Cruz grounded out to third. Moreland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Worth grounded out to third. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Wells reached on infield single to shortstop. Boesch walked, Wells to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to first, Boesch out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Napoli grounded out to third. Blanco grounded out to first. Kinsler singled to center. Murphy singled to center, Kinsler to second. Hamilton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Martinez doubled to left. Peralta struck out swinging. Avila singled to left, Martinez to third. Raburn singled to left center, Martinez scored, Avila to second. Worth walked, Avila to third, Raburn to second. Jackson singled to right center, Avila and Raburn scored, Worth to third, Jackson to second on error by right fielder Cruz.D Worth thrown out at home attempting to advance on play. Wells doubled to left, Jackson scored. Boesch struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Young lined out to center. Beltre flied out to center. Cruz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Bush pitching for Rangers. Cabrera singled to center. Martinez lined out to shortstop. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Bush. Peralta struck out swinging. Avila grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Moreland flied out to center. Napoli walked. Blanco grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Napoli out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Bush pitching for Rangers. Raburn popped out to second. Worth singled to right center. Jackson singled to right, Worth to second. Wells grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Kinsler singled to center. Kinsler stole second. Murphy singled to center, Kinsler to third. Hamilton grounded out to catcher, Kinsler scored, Murphy to second. Young reached on infield single to shortstop. Beltre lined out to shortstop. Cruz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Bush pitching for Rangers. Boesch singled to left. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Boesch out at second. Martinez singled to center, Cabrera to second. Peralta singled to left, Cabrera scored, Martinez to second. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Avila struck out swinging. Raburn singled to left center, Martinez scored, Peralta to second. Worth struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Purcey pitching for Tigers. Santiago at second base. Moreland singled to shallow center. Napoli flied out to right. Blanco struck out swinging. Kinsler walked, Moreland to second. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Jackson struck out swinging. Wells doubled to deep right. Boesch grounded out to first, Wells to third. Cabrera singled to center, Wells scored. Martinez singled to right, Cabrera to second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Wells in right field. Dirks in left field. Purcey pitching for Tigers. Hamilton grounded out to second. Young flied out to right. Beltre doubled to left. Cruz walked. Moreland struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Tateyama pitching for Rangers. Avila doubled to deep right. Santiago grounded out to second, Avila to third. Worth flied out to center. Jackson singled to left, Avila scored. Wells flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Schlereth pitching for Tigers. Napoli flied out to center. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 8 - Rangers 1.	Tigers back Porcello with 20 hits vs. Rangers