Tigers - Top 1st. Davies pitching for Royals. Dirks doubled to deep center. Boesch grounded out to first, Dirks to third. Ordonez homered to left (386 feet), Dirks scored. Cabrera struck out swinging. Martinez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Getz safe at first on error by third baseman Inge. Cabrera singled to right, Getz to third. Gordon singled to center, Getz scored, Cabrera to second. Butler struck out swinging, Cabrera stole third, Gordon stole second. Hosmer walked. Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to right, Cabrera scored. Moustakas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hosmer out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 2nd. Davies pitching for Royals. Peralta singled to left center. Avila walked, Peralta to second. Raburn singled to right, Peralta to third, Avila to second. Inge fouled out to third. Dirks grounded into fielder's choice to second, Peralta scored, Raburn out at second, Avila to third. Boesch grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Pena struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. Getz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Davies pitching for Royals. Ordonez walked. Cabrera doubled to deep left center, Ordonez to third. Martinez grounded out to second, Ordonez scored, Cabrera to third. Peralta doubled to left, Cabrera scored. Avila intentionally walked. Raburn struck out swinging. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta out at third, Avila to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Cabrera singled to right. Gordon singled to right, Cabrera to second. Butler singled to left, Cabrera scored, Gordon to second. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Butler out at second, Gordon to third. Francoeur popped out to second. Moustakas fouled out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Davies pitching for Royals. Dirks flied out to center. Boesch flied out to left. Ordonez singled to center. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Pena flied out to right. Escobar grounded out to second. Getz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Betemit at second base. Davies pitching for Royals. Martinez struck out looking. Peralta flied out to center. Avila singled to right center, Avila out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Cabrera struck out swinging. Gordon singled to right center. Butler grounded out to shortstop, Gordon to second. Hosmer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Davies pitching for Royals. Raburn grounded out to shortstop. Inge struck out swinging. Dirks singled to right. Dirks caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Boesch batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Purcey pitching for Tigers. Moustakas fouled out to catcher. Pena flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Wood pitching for Royals. Boesch grounded out to third. Ordonez grounded out to third. Cabrera popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Wells in right field. Purcey pitching for Tigers. Escobar grounded out to third. Betemit walked. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Betemit scored. Gordon struck out swinging. Oliveros pitching for Tigers. Butler grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Collins pitching for Royals. Martinez singled to left. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Martinez out at second. Avila grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Coke pitching for Tigers. Hosmer flied out to left. Francoeur reached on infield single to second. Moustakas struck out swinging. Francoeur caught stealing second, catcher to second. Pena batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Collins pitching for Royals. Raburn singled to right. Inge sacrificed to pitcher, Raburn to second. Dirks reached on infield single to first, Raburn to third. Boesch grounded into fielder's choice to second, Raburn scored, Dirks out at second. Jackson ran for Boesch. Wells flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Dirks in left field. Jackson in center field. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Pena singled to left. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pena out at second. Betemit struck out swinging. Escobar to second on fielder's indifference. Cabrera walked. Gordon walked, Escobar to third, Cabrera to second. Butler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 6 - Royals 4.	Ordonez powers Porcello, Tigers past Royals