Rangers - Top 1st. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Kinsler flied out to center. Andrus singled to shallow center. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Andrus out at second. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Jackson struck out swinging. Boesch walked. Ordonez singled to center, Boesch to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ordonez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Moreland grounded out to third. Napoli lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Martinez singled to center. Peralta singled to left, Martinez to second. Guillen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peralta out at second, Martinez to third. Avila walked. Betemit singled to right, Martinez scored, Avila to second. Jackson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Murphy lined out to first. Torrealba lined out to center. Kinsler popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Boesch singled to shallow center. Ordonez flied out to left. Cabrera singled to left, Boesch to second. Martinez singled to left, Boesch scored, Cabrera to second, Cabrera to third on throwing error by left fielder Murphy. Peralta struck out swinging. Guillen flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 4th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton reached on infield single to third. Young hit by pitch, Hamilton to second. Cruz singled to left, Hamilton scored, Young to second. Moreland grounded out to first, Young to third, Cruz to second. Napoli fouled out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Avila homered to right (374 feet). Betemit singled to right. Jackson sacrificed to catcher, Betemit to second, Jackson safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Lewis. Boesch grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betemit out at third, Jackson to second. Ordonez flied out to right, Jackson to third. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 5th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Murphy doubled to center. Torrealba singled to right, Murphy scored. Kinsler walked, Torrealba to second. Andrus bunt popped out foul to third. Hamilton flied out to left. Young grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Martinez safe at first on error by third baseman Young. Peralta singled to shallow right center, Martinez to third. Guillen walked, Peralta to second. Tateyama pitching for Rangers. Avila singled to left center, Martinez and Peralta scored, Guillen to third. Betemit struck out swinging. Jackson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Avila out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 6th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Cruz popped out to second. Moreland grounded out to shortstop. Napoli singled to shallow center. Murphy popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Tateyama pitching for Rangers. Boesch singled to center. Ordonez struck out swinging, Boesch stole second. Cabrera flied out to right. Martinez intentionally walked. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Kelly in right field. Pauley pitching for Tigers. Torrealba doubled to deep center. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop, Torrealba to third. Andrus flied out to center. Coke pitching for Tigers. Hamilton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Oliver pitching for Rangers. Guillen struck out looking. Avila struck out swinging. Betemit flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Benoit pitching for Tigers. Young lined out to center. Cruz homered to left (405 feet). Moreland walked. Moreland to second on wild pitch by Benoit. Napoli homered to right (378 feet), Moreland scored. Murphy struck out swinging. Torrealba flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Adams pitching for Rangers. Jackson flied out to left. Boesch homered to right (421 feet). Kelly struck out swinging. Cabrera doubled to deep center. Martinez intentionally walked. Peralta flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Dirks in left field. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Kinsler lined out to right. Andrus grounded out to third. Hamilton safe at first on error by first baseman Cabrera. Young reached on infield single to shortstop, Hamilton to second. Cruz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 5 - Tigers 6.	Adams fails to lift Rangers by Tigers in debut