Twins - Top 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Revere singled to center. Plouffe struck out looking. Revere to second on wild pitch by Verlander. Mauer walked. Morneau fouled out to third. Kubel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Boesch grounded out to second. Young singled to right. Young to second on passed ball by Butera. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Valencia doubled to left. Tosoni flied out to left. Nishioka grounded out to pitcher, Valencia to third. Butera popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Martinez flied out to right. Avila walked. Peralta singled to center, Avila to second. Kelly grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Plouffe flied out to left. Mauer singled to left. Morneau grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Santiago grounded out to first. Jackson reached on bunt single to third. Boesch doubled to deep right, Jackson to third. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jackson out at home. Boesch to third, Young to second on wild pitch by Blackburn. Cabrera singled to center, Boesch and Young scored. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Kubel grounded out to pitcher. Valencia flied out to center. Tosoni popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Avila singled to right. Avila caught stealing second, catcher to second. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Kelly reached on infield single to second. Santiago grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Nishioka struck out swinging. Butera lined out to first. Revere flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Jackson singled to left. Boesch grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jackson out at second. Young flied out to center. Cabrera walked, Boesch to second. Martinez singled to deep right, Boesch scored, Cabrera to third. Avila singled to right, Cabrera scored, Martinez to second. Peralta singled to left, Martinez scored, Avila to third, Peralta to second advancing on throw. Dumatrait pitching for Twins. Kelly grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Plouffe flied out to center. Mauer singled to right. Morneau struck out looking. Kubel grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Dumatrait pitching for Twins. Santiago homered to left (378 feet). Jackson walked. Boesch grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jackson out at second. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Young singled to right center, Boesch to third, Young out stretching at second. Cabrera singled to right, Boesch scored, Cabrera out stretching at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Valencia struck out looking. Tosoni struck out looking. Nishioka fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Martinez flied out to center. Avila walked. Peralta struck out looking. Kelly flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Butera struck out looking. Revere singled to center. Plouffe singled to center, Revere to second. Mauer struck out swinging. Morneau singled to right, Revere scored, Plouffe to third. Coke pitching for Tigers. Kubel flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Mijares pitching for Twins. Santiago doubled to deep left center. Jackson walked. Boesch grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Jackson out at second, Santiago to third. Young flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Benoit pitching for Tigers. Valencia struck out swinging. Tosoni walked. Nishioka grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tosoni out at second. Thome hit for Butera. Thome struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 1 - Tigers 7.	Verlander gets 18th win as Tigers top Twins