Tigers - Top 1st. Duensing pitching for Twins. Jackson walked. Ordonez singled to center, Jackson to second. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ordonez out at second, Jackson to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Penny pitching for Tigers. Revere flied out to left. Plouffe singled to left. Plouffe to second on wild pitch by Penny. Morneau struck out looking. Kubel homered to right center (414 feet), Plouffe scored. Valencia grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Duensing pitching for Twins. Martinez singled to left. Avila doubled to right, Martinez to third. Peralta struck out looking. Santiago singled to left, Martinez and Avila scored. Inge grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Santiago out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Penny pitching for Tigers. Tosoni grounded out to pitcher. Hughes grounded out to third. Repko struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Duensing pitching for Twins. Jackson flied out to right. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Penny pitching for Tigers. Rivera struck out swinging. Revere walked. Revere stole second. Plouffe struck out swinging. Morneau singled to left center, Revere scored. Kubel grounded into fielder's choice to second, Morneau out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Cabrera walked. Martinez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. Avila struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Penny pitching for Tigers. Valencia singled to right. Tosoni tripled to deep right, Valencia scored. Hughes homered to left center (411 feet), Tosoni scored. Repko grounded out to third. Rivera struck out swinging. Revere singled to center. Plouffe grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Peralta walked. Santiago singled to left, Peralta to second. Inge flied out to left. Jackson struck out swinging. Ordonez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Penny pitching for Tigers. Morneau singled to left. Kubel flied out to center, Morneau thrown out at second. Valencia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Young singled to right. Cabrera doubled to deep left, Young to third. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to left, Young scored, Cabrera to third on throwing error by left fielder Tosoni. Avila grounded out to second, Cabrera scored. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 6th. Penny pitching for Tigers. Tosoni walked. Pauley pitching for Tigers. Hughes flied out to right. Repko singled to shallow right, Tosoni to third. Rivera hit sacrifice fly to right, Tosoni scored. Repko stole second. Revere struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Santiago singled to left center. Betemit hit for Inge. Betemit grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Santiago out at second. Jackson hit by pitch. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Betemit at third base. Pauley pitching for Tigers. Plouffe singled to center. Morneau singled to right, Plouffe to third. Kubel grounded out to second, Plouffe scored, Morneau to second. Valencia walked. Tosoni flied out to center, Morneau to third. Hughes homered to left (368 feet), Morneau and Valencia scored. Repko grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Young flied out to left. Cabrera grounded out to second. Martinez singled to left. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Kelly at first base. Below pitching for Tigers. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Revere grounded out to second. Plouffe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Mijares pitching for Twins. Peralta singled to deep right. Santiago reached on infield single to third, Peralta to second. Betemit struck out swinging. Jackson lined into double play, to first, Santiago doubled off first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 4 - Twins 11.	Hughes, Twins top Tigers, snap 7-game skid