White Sox - Top 1st. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Pierre grounded out to second. Ramirez lined out to left. Konerko grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Jackson doubled to deep center. Ordonez flied out to right. Young struck out swinging. Cabrera walked. Martinez singled to center, Jackson scored, Cabrera to second. Avila struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Pierzynski popped out to shortstop. Viciedo struck out swinging. Rios singled to left. Rios caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. De Aza batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Peralta struck out swinging. Raburn grounded out to shortstop. Inge reached on infield single to third, Inge to second on throwing error by third baseman Morel. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. De Aza struck out swinging. Morel struck out looking. Beckham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Ordonez singled to left. Young singled to left, Ordonez to second. Cabrera flied out to left. Martinez singled to left, Ordonez scored, Young to third. Avila singled to left center, Young scored, Martinez to second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Avila out at second, Martinez to third, Martinez scored, Peralta to second on throwing error by second baseman Beckham. Raburn lined out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 4th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Pierre grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to third. Konerko grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Inge singled to right. Jackson walked, Inge to second. Ordonez lined out to right, Inge to third. Young reached on infield single to shortstop, Inge scored, Jackson to second. Cabrera doubled to deep left center, Jackson and Young scored. Reed pitching for White Sox. Martinez flied out to right. Avila singled to center, Cabrera scored, Avila to second advancing on throw. Peralta singled to right, Avila scored. Raburn singled to center, Peralta to second. Inge struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Viciedo singled to right center. Rios singled to right, Viciedo to second. De Aza struck out swinging. Morel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Reed pitching for White Sox. Jackson struck out swinging. Ordonez singled to left. Santiago ran for Ordonez. Young flied out to right. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Santiago at second base. Raburn in right field. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Beckham singled to center. Pierre flied out to center. Ramirez doubled to deep center, Beckham to third. Konerko popped out to second. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Lucy catching. Lindsay pitching for White Sox. Martinez walked. Avila doubled to deep center, Martinez to third. Peralta doubled to right, Martinez and Avila scored. Raburn struck out swinging. Inge singled to deep center, Peralta scored. Jackson reached on infield single to third, Inge to third, Jackson to second on throwing error by third baseman Morel. Santiago popped out to second. Dirks hit for Young. Dirks singled to center, Inge and Jackson scored. Cabrera homered to center (438 feet), Dirks scored. Martinez doubled to deep left. Avila singled to center, Martinez to third. Rhymes hit for Peralta. Rhymes flied out to right. 7 Runs, 8 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Santiago at shortstop. Dirks in left field. Kelly at first base. Rhymes at second base. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Viciedo grounded out to shortstop. Rios flied out to right. De Aza grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Lillibridge at first base. Escobar at second base. Kinney pitching for White Sox. Raburn struck out swinging. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Marte pitching for Tigers. Morel struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. Pierre singled to center. Pierre to second on wild pitch by Marte. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Ohman pitching for White Sox. Santiago hit by pitch. Dirks homered to right (380 feet), Santiago scored. Kelly singled to center. Guillen hit for Martinez. Guillen struck out swinging. Avila struck out swinging. Rhymes lined out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Below pitching for Tigers. Lillibridge singled to left. Lucy doubled to deep right, Lillibridge scored. Viciedo singled to center, Lucy to third. Rios hit sacrifice fly to center, Lucy scored. De Aza grounded into fielder's choice to second, Viciedo safe at second on error by second baseman Rhymes. Morel flied out to left, Viciedo to third. Escobar grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 2 - Tigers 18.	Tigers rip White Sox 18-2 for sweep \n\n