Nationals - Top 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Hernandez singled to right center . Johnson struck out swinging . Zimmerman flied into double play , left to first , Hernandez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Reyes lined out to right . Murphy grounded out to second . Beltran singled to left center . Delgado walked , Beltran to second . Wright safe at second on error by center fielder Dukes , Beltran and Delgado scored . Church singled to center , Wright scored . Santos struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Dunn walked . Dukes grounded out to third , Dunn to second . Willingham grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Castillo singled to center . Pelfrey sacrificed to pitcher , Castillo to second . Reyes singled to right , Castillo to third , Reyes to second advancing on throw . Murphy popped out to third . Beltran reached on infield single to second , Castillo scored , Reyes to third . Beltran to second on wild pitch by Cabrera . Delgado walked . Wright grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Nieves grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to second . Hernandez walked . Johnson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Church flied out to left . Santos singled to right center . Castillo walked , Santos to second . Pelfrey grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Santos scored on throwing error by first baseman Johnson , Castillo safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Johnson . Reyes walked . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Murphy fouled out to third . Beltran flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop . Zimmerman to second on wild pitch by Pelfrey . Dunn grounded out to third . Dukes singled to center , Zimmerman scored . Willingham walked , Dukes to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , third to first , Dukes out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Delgado popped out to third . Wright struck out looking . Church flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Nieves grounded out to shortstop . Bergmann grounded out to first . Hernandez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Santos popped out to second . Castillo grounded out to second . Pelfrey struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Johnson singled to center . Zimmerman singled to center , Johnson to second . Dunn grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Zimmerman out at second , Johnson to third . Dukes tripled to deep left , Johnson scored . Green pitching for Mets . Willingham flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Reyes fouled out to third . Murphy singled to center . Beltran singled to right , Murphy to third . Delgado popped out to shortstop . Beltran stole second . Murphy scored , Beltran safe at third on throwing error by catcher Nieves . Wright walked . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Wright stole second . Church singled to right center , Beltran and Wright scored . Santos popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 7th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Gonzalez flied out to right . Nieves hit by pitch . Cintron hit for Rivera . Cintron lined out to right . Hernandez singled to left , Nieves to second . Johnson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Tavarez pitching for Nationals . Castillo flied out to left . Cora hit for Parnell . Cora popped out to second . Reyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Reed in left field . Stokes pitching for Mets . Zimmerman struck out looking . Dunn singled to right center . Dukes struck out looking . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Dunn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Reed flied out to left . Beltran grounded out to first . Delgado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Stokes pitching for Mets . Gonzalez lined out to left . Nieves grounded out to shortstop . Maxwell hit for Hanrahan . Maxwell doubled to deep left . Hernandez walked . Johnson walked , Maxwell to third , Hernandez to second . Zimmerman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 2 - Mets 8 .	Pelfrey steps up for Mets