Nationals - Top 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Guzman singled to center . Johnson struck out swinging . Zimmerman singled to left , Guzman to third . Dunn struck out swinging . Dukes walked , Zimmerman to second . Kearns struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Furcal reached on bunt single to shortstop . Hudson doubled to left , Furcal to third . Ramirez walked . Ethier grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Furcal scored , Ramirez out at second , Hudson to third . Loney struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Belliard struck out swinging . Flores popped out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Martin singled to center . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martin safe at second on error by shortstop Guzman . Blake grounded out to second , Martin to third , Kemp to second . Kershaw fouled out to third . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Guzman doubled to left . Johnson grounded out to second , Guzman to third . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to right , Guzman scored . Dunn singled to center . Dukes flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Hudson grounded out to second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Ethier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Kearns walked . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kearns out at second . Flores flied out to left . Cabrera walked , Belliard to second . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Loney singled to right . Martin grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Loney out at second . Kemp lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Johnson fouled out to third . Zimmerman grounded out to second . Dunn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Blake safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Guzman . Kershaw bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Blake out at second . Furcal singled to right , Kershaw to second . Hudson walked , Kershaw to third , Furcal to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kershaw out at home , Furcal to third , Hudson to second . Ethier walked , Furcal scored , Hudson to third , Ramirez to second . Loney grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . McDonald pitching for Dodgers . Dukes flied out to center . Kearns popped out to second . Belliard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Martin singled to center . Kemp lined out to center . Blake walked , Martin to second . Loretta hit for McDonald . Loretta walked , Martin to third , Blake to second . Hinckley pitching for Nationals . Harris at second base . Furcal singled to left , Martin scored , Blake to third , Loretta to second . Hudson walked , Blake scored , Loretta to third , Furcal to second . Kensing pitching for Nationals . Ramirez doubled to right , Loretta and Furcal scored , Hudson to third . Ethier intentionally walked . Loney singled to left , Hudson and Ramirez scored , Ethier to third . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ethier scored , Loney out at second . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martin out at second . 7 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Flores homered to left . Harris flied out to left . Guzman doubled to deep right . Guzman to third on wild pitch by Mota . Johnson grounded out to shortstop , Guzman scored . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Kensing pitching for Nationals . Blake walked . Mota sacrificed to pitcher , Blake to second . Furcal popped out to third . Hudson singled to center , Blake scored . Pierre hit for Ramirez . Pierre flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Pierre in left field . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Dunn walked . Dukes struck out looking . Kearns grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Beimel pitching for Nationals . Cintron at second base . Harris in left field . Ethier grounded out to shortstop . Loney flied out to center . Martin doubled to left . Martin to third on wild pitch by Beimel . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Castro at shortstop . Leach pitching for Dodgers . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . Flores flied out to left . Harris walked . Guzman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Dodgers 10 .	Dodgers run home record to 13 - 0 \n\n