Nationals - Top 1st . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Guzman popped out to first . Johnson struck out swinging . Zimmerman singled to center . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Furcal struck out swinging . Hudson walked . Ethier singled to center , Hudson to third . Loney singled to center , Hudson scored , Ethier to second . Martin walked , Ethier to third , Loney to second . Kemp homered to right center , Ethier , Loney and Martin scored . Blake tripled to deep right center . Wolf hit sacrifice fly to center , Blake scored . Pierre grounded out to pitcher . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Dukes flied out to right . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . Flores singled to right . Hernandez walked , Flores to second . Zimmermann struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Furcal struck out looking . Hudson grounded out to third . Ethier lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Johnson struck out swinging . Zimmerman popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Loney grounded out to first . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Kemp grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Dunn struck out looking . Dukes flied out to right . Willingham walked . Flores singled to center , Willingham to third . Hernandez lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Blake popped out to first . Wolf popped out to second . Pierre singled to right center . Pierre stole second . Furcal flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Zimmermann lined out to shortstop . Guzman doubled to deep left . Johnson flied out to left . Zimmerman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Hudson struck out swinging . Ethier grounded out to second . Loney flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Dunn flied out to left . Dukes grounded out to shortstop . Willingham homered to left . Flores flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Martin walked . Kemp struck out looking . Blake singled to left , Martin to second . Paul hit for Wolf . Paul grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blake out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Hernandez singled to center . Harris hit for Zimmermann . Hernandez to second on wild pitch by Troncoso . Harris grounded out to second , Hernandez to third . Guzman grounded out to shortstop , Hernandez scored . Johnson singled to left . Zimmerman singled to center , Johnson to second . Ohman pitching for Dodgers . Dunn doubled to right , Johnson and Zimmerman scored . Wade pitching for Dodgers . Dukes grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Villone pitching for Nationals . Pierre singled to left . Pierre caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Furcal flied out to right . Hudson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Wade pitching for Dodgers . Willingham doubled to deep left . Flores walked . Hernandez reached on infield single to third , Willingham to third , Flores to second . Kearns hit for Villone . Kearns doubled to deep center , Willingham and Flores scored , Hernandez to third . Guzman struck out swinging . Leach pitching for Dodgers . Johnson doubled to deep left , Hernandez and Kearns scored . Zimmerman intentionally walked . Dunn singled to right , Johnson scored , Zimmerman to second . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Dukes singled to left , Zimmerman scored , Dunn to second . Willingham flied out to center . Flores struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Beimel pitching for Nationals . Kearns in right field . Ethier struck out looking . Loney fouled out to first . Martin singled to left . Kemp reached on infield single to shortstop , Martin to second . Blake doubled to left , Martin scored , Kemp to third . Loretta hit for Mota . Loretta walked . Pierre grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Blake in left field . Loretta at third base . McDonald pitching for Dodgers . Hernandez singled to right . Kearns struck out swinging . Guzman singled to left , Hernandez to third . Johnson reached on infield single to first , Hernandez scored , Guzman to third . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Guzman caught stealing home , catcher to second to catcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Wells pitching for Nationals . Furcal struck out looking . Hudson singled to center . Ethier grounded out to pitcher , Hudson to second . Loney singled to right , Hudson to third . Martin singled to center , Hudson scored , Loney to third . Kemp reached on infield single to third , Loney scored , Martin to second , Martin to third on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . Blake flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Nationals 11 - Dodgers 9 .	Nats rally , stop Dodgers ' home win streak \n\n