Nationals - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernandez struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to second . Zimmerman singled to center . Dunn singled to right , Zimmerman to third . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Lopez flied out to center . Young flied out to center . Upton singled to right , Upton to third on error by right fielder Dunn . Reynolds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks . Harris struck out swinging . Cintron walked . Nieves singled to right , Cintron to second . Olsen bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cintron out at third , Nieves to second . Hernandez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Byrnes flied out to right . Snyder walked . Roberts singled to left , Snyder to second . Wilson flied out to center . Scherzer singled to left , Snyder scored , Roberts to second . Lopez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson grounded out to first . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Dunn homered to center . Willingham homered to left center . Harris walked . Cintron grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Young singled to right . Upton walked , Young to second . Young steals third , Upton steals second . Young out advancing at home catcher to second to first to catcher to third , Upton to third . Reynolds lined out to shortstop . Byrnes doubled to right , Upton scored . Snyder doubled to deep center , Byrnes scored . Roberts grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks . Nieves grounded out to third . Olsen walked . Hernandez struck out swinging . Johnson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Wilson flied out to right . Scherzer struck out swinging . Lopez reached on infield single to third . Young grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks . Zimmerman doubled to deep right center . Dunn homered to left , Zimmerman scored . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . Harris flied out to left . Cintron popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Upton doubled to right . Reynolds struck out swinging . Byrnes homered to left , Upton scored . Snyder walked . Roberts reached on infield single to catcher , Snyder to second . Mock pitching for Nationals . Wilson reached on infield single to pitcher , Snyder to third , Roberts to second . Whitesell hit for Scherzer . Whitesell struck out looking . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilson out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Nieves singled to right . Dukes hit for Mock . Dukes walked , Nieves to second . Hernandez sacrificed to pitcher , Nieves to third , Dukes to second . Johnson grounded out to second , Nieves scored , Dukes to third . Zimmerman singled to left center , Dukes scored . Dunn struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Kensing pitching for Nationals . Young singled to center . Upton singled to center , Young to second . Reynolds reached on infield single to shortstop , Young to third , Upton to second , Young scored , Upton to third , Reynolds to second on throwing error by shortstop Cintron . Byrnes grounded out to third . Snyder doubled to deep right , Upton and Reynolds scored . Roberts singled to center , Snyder scored , Roberts to second advancing on throw . Wilson grounded out to third . Tracy hit for Vasquez . Villone pitching for Nationals . Tracy flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 7th . Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks . Willingham popped out to shortstop . Harris tripled to right . Cintron walked . Nieves struck out swinging . Guzman hit for Villone . Guzman safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez , Harris scored , Cintron to second . Hernandez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Tavarez pitching for Nationals . Cintron at second base . Guzman at shortstop . Lopez struck out swinging . Young struck out looking . Upton lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Schoeneweis pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson singled to right . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Zimmerman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . Dunn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Tavarez pitching for Nationals . Reynolds singled to right center . Reynolds stole second . Byrnes flied out to left , Reynolds to third . Snyder walked . Roberts hit sacrifice fly to right , Reynolds scored . Wilson walked , Snyder to second . Ojeda hit for Pena . Ojeda struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Ojeda at third base . Willingham homered to left . Harris singled to center . Cintron flied out to center . Nieves struck out looking . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harris out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 8 - Diamondbacks 10 .	Snyder , Byrnes get Hinch 1st win with D - backs