Nationals - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Giants . Guzman popped out to first . Johnson singled to center . Zimmerman singled to center , Johnson to third . Dunn struck out swinging . Dukes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Burriss flied out to left . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Sandoval struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Giants . Willingham homered to left . Belliard flied out to center . Nieves fouled out to first . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Molina grounded out to third . Winn singled to center . Rowand walked , Winn to second . Lewis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rowand out at second , Winn to third . Winn scored , Lewis to second on wild pitch by Cabrera . Ishikawa singled to right , Lewis scored . Ra Johnson singled to center , Ishikawa to second . Burriss grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Giants . Guzman singled to left . Johnson struck out swinging . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Guzman out at second . Dunn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Renteria struck out swinging . Sandoval singled to left . Molina singled to center , Sandoval to second . Winn singled to right , Sandoval scored , Molina to second . Rowand walked , Molina to third , Winn to second . Lewis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rowand out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Giants . Dukes struck out swinging . Willingham struck out swinging . Belliard homered to left . Nieves grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Ishikawa hit ground rule double to deep center . Ra Johnson lined out to second . Burriss grounded out to second , Ishikawa to third . Renteria lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Giants . Cabrera struck out looking . Guzman struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Cabrera pitching for Nationals . Sandoval doubled to deep right . Molina grounded out to shortstop , Sandoval to third . Winn hit by pitch . Winn stole second . Rowand struck out swinging . Lewis safe at second on error by left fielder Willingham , Sandoval and Winn scored . Ishikawa intentionally walked . Ra Johnson walked , Lewis to third , Ishikawa to second . Burriss walked , Lewis scored , Ishikawa to third , Ra Johnson to second . Renteria walked , Ishikawa scored , Ra Johnson to third , Burriss to second . Kensing pitching for Nationals . Sandoval walked , Ra Johnson scored , Burriss to third , Renteria to second . Molina flied out to center . 5 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Giants . Zimmerman homered to left . Dunn singled to right center . Dunn to second on wild pitch by Ra Johnson . Dukes doubled to left , Dunn scored . Miller pitching for Giants . Willingham struck out looking . Belliard flied out to right , Dukes to third . Nieves flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Kensing pitching for Nationals . Winn singled to right center . Rowand doubled to left , Winn scored . Villone pitching for Nationals . Harris at second base . Lewis grounded out to pitcher , Rowand to third . Ishikawa singled to left center , Rowand scored . Miller struck out swinging . Burriss grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Miller pitching for Giants . Harris flied out to center . Guzman singled to right . Johnson lined into double play , second to first , Guzman doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Villone pitching for Nationals . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Sandoval grounded out to shortstop . Molina lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Giants . Zimmerman singled to center . Matos pitching for Giants . Dunn singled to left , Zimmerman to second . Dukes flied out to right . Willingham lined out to left . Kearns hit for Villone . Kearns struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Winn grounded out to first . Rowand doubled to right . Lewis singled to center , Rowand to third . Ishikawa struck out swinging . Matos singled to shallow right , Rowand scored , Lewis to second . Burriss flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Matos pitching for Giants . Nieves singled to left . Harris singled to center , Nieves to second . Guzman struck out looking . Johnson fouled out to left . Zimmerman homered to right , Nieves and Harris scored . Dunn walked . Medders pitching for Giants . Dukes singled to left , Dunn to second . Wilson pitching for Giants . Willingham struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 7 - Giants 11 .	Unit nets 298th career win as Giants top Nats