Red Sox - Top 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Pedroia popped out to second . Drew walked . Youkilis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Drew out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Penny pitching for Red Sox . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman singled to center . Dunn doubled to right , Zimmerman scored . Willingham grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Bay homered to left center . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . Varitek flied out to right . Ellsbury reached on infield single to shortstop . Green fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Penny pitching for Red Sox . Bard struck out looking . Harris flied out to center . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Penny grounded out to shortstop . Pedroia doubled to right . Drew struck out looking . Youkilis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Penny pitching for Red Sox . Lannan struck out swinging . Guzman reached on bunt single to first . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Guzman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Bay singled to left . Lowell flied out to right . Varitek lined out to left . Ellsbury tripled to deep center , Bay scored . Green intentionally walked . Penny grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Penny pitching for Red Sox . Zimmerman singled to left . Dunn struck out looking . Willingham walked , Zimmerman to second . Bard walked , Zimmerman to third , Willingham to second . Zimmerman scored , Willingham to third , Bard to second on wild pitch by Penny . Harris walked . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Willingham out at home , Bard to third , Harris to second . Lannan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Pedroia singled to left . Drew struck out looking . Pedroia to second on wild pitch by Lannan . Youkilis singled to left , Pedroia scored . Bay flied out to center . Lowell singled to left , Youkilis to second . Varitek grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lowell out at second , Youkilis to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Penny pitching for Red Sox . Guzman flied out to left . Johnson flied out to left . Zimmerman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Ellsbury singled to left . Ellsbury stole second . Green flied out to center , Ellsbury to third . Penny fouled out to first . Pedroia lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Penny pitching for Red Sox . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham flied out to right . Bard singled to right . Harris doubled to deep right , Bard scored . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Hernandez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Drew struck out swinging . Tavarez pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez at second base . Youkilis safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . Bay singled to left center , Youkilis to third , Bay to second advancing on throw . Lowell intentionally walked . Varitek hit sacrifice fly to left , Youkilis scored . Villone pitching for Nationals . Ellsbury walked , Bay to third , Lowell to second . Green flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Gonzalez walked . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Guzman lined into double play , third to first , Gonzalez doubled off first . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Guzman lined into double play , third to first , Gonzalez doubled off first . Johnson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Baldelli hit for Okajima . Villone pitching for Nationals . Baldelli singled to left . Wells pitching for Nationals . Pedroia flied out to center . Drew walked , Baldelli to second . Youkilis walked , Baldelli to third , Drew to second . Colome pitching for Nationals . Bay singled to left , Baldelli and Drew scored , Youkilis to second . Lowell flied out to center . Varitek singled to center , Youkilis scored , Bay to third . Ellsbury tripled to deep right , Bay and Varitek scored . Green singled to left , Ellsbury scored . Baldelli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Green out at second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Saito pitching for Red Sox . Baldelli in right field . Zimmerman walked . Dunn grounded out to shortstop , Zimmerman to second . Willingham struck out swinging . Bard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Pedroia doubled to right . Kotsay hit for Saito . Kotsay flied out to right . Youkilis doubled to deep left center , Pedroia scored . Bay struck out looking . Lowell grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Brown catching . Harris grounded out to first . Kearns hit for Hanrahan . Kearns singled to right . Gonzalez walked , Kearns to second . Guzman singled to left , Kearns to third , Gonzalez to second . Johnson grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Guzman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 11 - Nationals 3 .	Ellsbury 's rare night guides BoSox past Nats