Nationals - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Morgan reached on bunt single to catcher . Gonzalez singled to right , Morgan thrown out at third . Zimmerman flied out to center . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Fowler grounded out to third . Barmes flied out to left . Helton safe at first on error by first baseman Dunn . Atkins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Willingham walked . Kearns grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Willingham out at second . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Tulowitzki lined out to first . Spilborghs flied out to right . Torrealba walked . Gonzalez singled to center , Torrealba to second . De La Rosa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Nieves grounded out to pitcher . Detwiler grounded out to second . Morgan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Fowler walked . Barmes struck out swinging . Helton doubled to deep left , Fowler scored . Atkins grounded out to pitcher . Tulowitzki singled to shallow left , Helton to third . Spilborghs flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez popped out to second . Zimmerman grounded out to third . Dunn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Torrealba struck out swinging . Gonzalez doubled to right . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Fowler hit ground rule double to deep right center , Gonzalez scored . Barmes flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Willingham flied out to center . Kearns struck out swinging . Hernandez fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Helton singled to right . Atkins singled to center , Helton to second . Tulowitzki walked , Helton to third , Atkins to second . Spilborghs tripled to deep left , Helton , Atkins and Tulowitzki scored . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Torrealba doubled to deep left , Spilborghs scored . Gonzalez struck out swinging . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Fowler walked . Barmes flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Nieves doubled to left . Belliard hit for Clippard . Belliard struck out swinging . Morgan reached on infield single to third , Nieves to third . Gonzalez lined into double play , to first , Morgan doubled off first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Villone pitching for Nationals . Helton walked . Atkins popped out to second . Tulowitzki homered to right , Helton scored . Spilborghs struck out swinging . Torrealba flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Dunn walked . Willingham singled to left , Dunn to second . Kearns walked , Dunn to third , Willingham to second . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Hernandez singled to shallow right center , Dunn and Willingham scored , Kearns to third . Nieves hit sacrifice fly to left , Kearns scored . Harris hit for Villone . Harris struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Tavarez pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Quintanilla hit for Fogg . Quintanilla grounded out to first . Fowler singled to center . Fowler stole second . Barmes doubled to deep left , Fowler scored . Helton walked . Atkins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Daley pitching for Rockies . Quintanilla at third base . Morgan doubled to deep left center . Gonzalez flied out to left , Morgan to third . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop , Morgan scored . Dunn struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Tavarez pitching for Nationals . Tulowitzki singled to center . Spilborghs popped out to third . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tulowitzki out at second . Gonzalez tripled to deep center , Torrealba scored . Quintanilla struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Daley pitching for Rockies . Willingham struck out swinging . Kearns struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 4 - Rockies 10 .	De La Rosa helps Rockies finish sweep of Nats