Nationals - Top 1st . Morton pitching for Pirates . Morgan grounded out to second . Guzman walked . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Guzman caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Mock pitching for Nationals . McCutchen homered to left . Milledge grounded out to shortstop . Jones walked . Doumit singled to right , Jones to third , Doumit to second on throwing error by right fielder Dukes . Pearce singled to center , Jones scored , Doumit to third . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Doumit scored , Pearce out at second . LaRoche grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham doubled to deep right center . Willingham to third on wild pitch by Morton . Dukes walked . Bard grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dukes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Mock pitching for Nationals . Cedeno popped out to second . Morton safe at first on error by first baseman Dunn . Morton to second on wild pitch by Mock . McCutchen walked . Milledge struck out swinging . Jones singled to right center , Morton to third , McCutchen to second . Doumit grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 3rd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez flied out to right . Mock grounded out to shortstop . Morgan lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Mock pitching for Nationals . Pearce grounded out to third . Young flied out to right . LaRoche singled to center . Cedeno grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LaRoche out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Dunn singled to center . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Mock pitching for Nationals . Morton singled to center . McCutchen lined out to shortstop . Milledge grounded into double play , third to second to first , Morton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Dukes grounded out to shortstop . Bard grounded out to first . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Mock pitching for Nationals . Jones walked . Doumit singled to right , Jones to second . Pearce walked , Jones to third , Doumit to second . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Hernandez at second base . Young grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Jones out at home , Doumit to third , Pearce to second . LaRoche popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Hernandez singled to right . Morgan grounded out to second , Hernandez to second . Guzman singled to right , Hernandez scored . Zimmerman hit by pitch , Guzman to second . Dunn homered to left , Guzman and Zimmerman scored . Willingham grounded out to third . Dukes singled to left . Bard grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Cedeno struck out looking . Salazar hit for Morton . Salazar flied out to right . McCutchen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Clippard struck out swinging . Hernandez struck out swinging . Morgan singled to center . Guzman tripled to deep right , Morgan scored . Zimmerman homered to left , Guzman scored . Dunn doubled to deep center . Belliard ran for Dunn . Willingham walked . Dukes singled to left , Belliard scored , Willingham to second . Jackson pitching for Pirates . Willingham to third , Dukes to second on wild pitch by Jackson . Bard flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Belliard at first base . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Milledge struck out swinging . Jones safe at second on error by first baseman Belliard . Doumit lined into double play , second to shortstop , Jones doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 8th . Kearns hit for Clippard . Jackson pitching for Pirates . Kearns struck out swinging . Hernandez singled to left . Morgan flied out to left . Guzman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Sosa pitching for Nationals . Pearce doubled to left . Young struck out swinging . LaRoche singled to left , Pearce to third . Cedeno grounded out to pitcher , LaRoche to second . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Moss hit for Jackson . Moss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Veal pitching for Pirates . Zimmerman walked . Belliard flied out to right . Willingham walked , Zimmerman to second . Dukes struck out swinging . Bard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Harris in left field . Kensing pitching for Nationals . McCutchen singled to center . Milledge grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McCutchen out at second . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Milledge out at second . Doumit doubled to deep right , Jones scored . Pearce walked . MacDougal pitching for Nationals . Young grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 8 - Pirates 4 .	Dunn , Zimmerman rally Nationals by Pirates