Nationals - Top 1st . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Harris flied out to right . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman walked . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Mock pitching for Nationals . Theriot grounded out to second . Bradley singled to left . Lee flied out to center . Ramirez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Willingham singled to center . Belliard singled to center , Willingham to second . Dukes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Belliard out at second , Willingham to third . Nieves hit sacrifice fly to center , Willingham scored . Mock struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Mock pitching for Nationals . Fukudome reached on infield single to second . Fox popped out to second . Soto grounded into double play , third to second to first , Fukudome out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Harris struck out looking . Guzman popped out to shortstop . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Mock pitching for Nationals . Fontenot lined out to second . Zambrano homered to center . Theriot flied out to right . Bradley singled to right . Lee struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham homered to left . Belliard reached on infield single to third . Dukes doubled to deep left , Belliard scored , Dukes to third on throwing error by second baseman Fontenot . Dukes caught stealing home , to catcher . Nieves lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Mock pitching for Nationals . Ramirez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . Fukudome struck out swinging . Ramirez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Fox grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 5th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Mock grounded out to shortstop . Harris hit by pitch . Guzman singled to center , Harris to third . Zimmerman singled to left , Harris scored , Guzman to third . Dunn walked , Zimmerman to second . Willingham walked , Guzman scored , Zimmerman to third , Dunn to second . Heilman pitching for Cubs . Belliard struck out swinging . Dukes homered to left , Zimmerman , Dunn and Willingham scored . Nieves grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Mock pitching for Nationals . Soto struck out swinging . Fontenot walked . Miles hit for Heilman . Fontenot to second on passed ball by Nieves . Miles struck out swinging . Theriot struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Mock struck out swinging . Harris grounded out to second . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Mock pitching for Nationals . Bradley walked . Lee struck out swinging . Ramirez singled to deep left , Bradley to third . Fukudome reached on infield single to second , Bradley scored , Ramirez to second . Fox flied out to center , Ramirez to third . Soto doubled to deep left , Ramirez and Fukudome scored . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Fontenot popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Zimmerman doubled to deep left . Dunn struck out looking . Willingham singled to center , Zimmerman scored . Belliard singled to left , Willingham to third , Belliard to second on error by left fielder Fox . Dukes intentionally walked . Guzman pitching for Cubs . Baker at second base . Nieves singled to right , Willingham and Belliard scored , Dukes to third . Clippard grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Nieves out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Baker flied out to right . Theriot popped out to second . Bradley homered to center . Lee doubled to deep left . Ramirez fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Gorzelanny pitching for Cubs . Harris flied out to right . Guzman struck out looking . Zimmerman walked . Dunn singled to right , Zimmerman to second . Willingham homered to left , Zimmerman and Dunn scored . Belliard lined out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Padilla in left field . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Belliard at first base . Gonzalez at second base . Fukudome safe at first on error by shortstop Guzman . Fox struck out swinging . Soto struck out swinging . Fuld hit for Gorzelanny . Fuld grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 9th . Gregg pitching for Cubs . Dukes walked . Nieves grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dukes out at second . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Baker homered to center . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . Bradley singled to center . Bradley to second on fielder 's indifference . Lee flied out to center . Ramirez singled to right , Bradley to third . Fukudome popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 15 - Cubs 6 .	Nats rock Cubs in Zambrano 's return from DL