Nationals - Top 1st . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Harris walked . Orr popped out to shortstop . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Dunn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Cabrera reached on bunt single to pitcher . Eckstein doubled to deep right , Cabrera scored . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Kouzmanoff doubled to deep center , Eckstein scored . Venable walked . Salazar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Venable out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . Dukes reached on infield single to shortstop . Gonzalez lined out to right . Nieves grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Dukes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Hundley reached on infield single to shortstop . Gwynn struck out swinging . Stauffer sacrificed to pitcher , Hundley to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Hernandez singled to center . Hernandez to second on wild pitch by Stauffer . Harris struck out looking . Orr singled to right center , Hernandez scored . Zimmerman popped out to second . Dunn struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Eckstein lined out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Kouzmanoff grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Willingham struck out swinging . Dukes singled to right . Gonzalez hit by pitch , Dukes to second . Nieves walked , Dukes to third , Gonzalez to second . Hernandez bunted into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Dukes out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Venable struck out looking . Salazar grounded out to shortstop . Hundley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Harris lined out to second . Orr flied out to center . Zimmerman doubled to center . Dunn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Gwynn grounded out to first . Stauffer grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Willingham grounded out to third . Dukes flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez singled to right . Kouzmanoff grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Nieves singled to deep right , Nieves out stretching at second . Hernandez walked . Harris flied out to left . Macias in left field . Orr singled to left , Hernandez to second . Russell pitching for Padres . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Venable lined out to left . Macias grounded out to third . Hundley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Dunn flied out to center . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Willingham struck out swinging . Dukes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Gwynn flied out to center . Headley hit for Gregerson . Headley homered to right . Cabrera reached on bunt single to third . Eckstein grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Bell pitching for Padres . Bard hit for Gonzalez . Bard singled to right . Nieves grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bard out at second . Guzman hit for Hernandez . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 1 - Padres 3 .	Two - run first enough for Padres as Nationals fall