Dodgers - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Furcal singled to right . Ethier walked , Furcal to second . Ramirez flied out to center , Furcal to third . Kemp grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ethier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Harris flied out to right . Guzman struck out looking . Zimmerman singled to left . Dunn walked , Zimmerman to second . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Loney grounded out to shortstop . Blake grounded out to first . Belliard walked . Martin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Dukes grounded out to third . Bard singled to left . Desmond flied out to center . Hernandez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Kuroda grounded out to shortstop . Furcal doubled to deep right center . Ethier popped out to shortstop . Ramirez doubled to left , Furcal scored . Kemp grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Harris struck out swinging . Guzman grounded out to pitcher . Zimmerman safe at first on error by shortstop Furcal . Dunn homered to right , Zimmerman scored . Willingham struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Loney singled to center . Blake singled to center , Loney to second . Belliard singled to center , Loney scored , Blake to third , Belliard to second on error by center fielder Harris . Martin intentionally walked . Kuroda fouled out to right . Furcal singled to left , Blake and Belliard scored , Martin to third , Furcal to second on throwing error by left fielder Willingham . Ethier grounded out to second , Martin scored , Furcal to third . Ramirez walked . Kemp singled to center , Furcal scored , Ramirez to second . Estrada pitching for Nationals . Loney doubled to deep right center , Ramirez and Kemp scored . Blake struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 2 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Dukes grounded out to shortstop . Bard flied out to right . Desmond popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Estrada pitching for Nationals . Belliard fouled out to third . Martin singled to center . Kuroda sacrificed to first , Martin to second . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Padilla hit for Estrada . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Padilla grounded out to shortstop . Harris tripled to deep right . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Harris out at home . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Ethier grounded out to second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Kemp lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Dunn walked . Willingham grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dunn out at second . Dukes grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Loney safe at first on error by second baseman Desmond . Blake homered to left center , Loney scored . Belliard doubled to left . Martin hit by pitch . Kuroda singled to right , Belliard to third , Martin to second . Garate pitching for Nationals . Furcal singled to center , Belliard and Martin scored , Kuroda to second . Pierre hit for Ethier . Castro ran for Furcal . Pierre walked , Kuroda to third , Castro to second . Repko hit for Ramirez . Harris in left field . Segovia pitching for Nationals . Maxwell in center field . Repko hit sacrifice fly to center , Kuroda scored , Castro to third . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castro scored , Pierre out at second . Loney reached on infield single to first , Kemp to second . DeWitt hit for Blake . DeWitt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Loney out at second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Castro at shortstop . Pierre in left field . Repko in right field . DeWitt at third base . Ellis catching . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Bard flied out to left . Desmond walked . Maxwell popped out to shortstop . Harris grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Orr at third base . Morse at first base . Thome hit for Belliard . Segovia pitching for Nationals . Thome grounded out to second . Ellis popped out to third . Hu hit for Belisario . Hu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Castro at second base . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Hu at shortstop . Guzman flied out to right . Orr struck out swinging . Morse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Kensing pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez at shortstop . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Pierre grounded out to pitcher . Repko grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Dukes walked . Bard struck out looking . Desmond grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 14 - Nationals 2 .	Pair of big innings help Dodgers blast lowly Nats