Mets - Top 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Pagan lined out to left . Hernandez lined out to left . Wright flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Redding pitching for Mets . Harris flied out to right . Dukes flied out to right . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Beltran walked . Francoeur doubled to deep left , Beltran to third . Tatis hit sacrifice fly to right , Beltran scored , Francoeur to third . Santos singled to center , Francoeur scored . Valdez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Santos out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Redding pitching for Mets . Dunn flied out to left . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . Bard flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Redding grounded out to third . Pagan lined out to shortstop . Hernandez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Redding pitching for Mets . Desmond grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Lannan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Wright flied out to right . Beltran struck out swinging . Francoeur grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Redding pitching for Mets . Harris flied out to center . Dukes singled to center . Zimmerman fouled out to right . Dunn lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Tatis struck out swinging . Santos grounded out to shortstop . Valdez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Redding pitching for Mets . Willingham singled to center . Bard walked , Willingham to second . Desmond grounded out to pitcher , Willingham to third , Bard to second . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to left , Willingham scored . Lannan singled to left , Bard to third . Harris struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Redding struck out swinging . Pagan safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond . Hernandez flied out to right . Wright safe at first on error by third baseman Zimmerman , Pagan to second . Beltran singled to center , Pagan scored , Wright to second . Francoeur flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Redding pitching for Mets . Dukes reached on bunt single to third . Zimmerman popped out to shortstop . Dukes to second on wild pitch by Redding . Dunn flied out to center . Willingham popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Tatis doubled to left . Santos flied out to right . Valdez struck out swinging . Sheffield hit for Redding . Sheffield intentionally walked . Pagan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sheffield out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Bard walked . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bard out at second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Desmond to second . Guzman hit for Lannan . Guzman popped out to third . Harris grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Segovia pitching for Nationals . Hernandez struck out swinging . Wright grounded out to third . Beltran popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Dukes grounded out to pitcher . Zimmerman homered to center . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Dunn popped out to shortstop . Green pitching for Mets . Willingham safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Wright . Maxwell ran for Willingham . Bard walked . Martin ran for Bard . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martin out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Top 9th . Harris in left field . Maxwell in center field . Nieves catching . Segovia pitching for Nationals . Francoeur reached on infield single to third , Francoeur to second on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . Tatis singled to left , Francoeur to third . Santos singled to right , Francoeur scored , Tatis to third . Valdez grounded out to pitcher , Santos to second . Villone pitching for Nationals . Murphy hit for Green . Murphy grounded out to second . Pagan grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Mets . Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop . Morse hit for Villone . Morse singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Padilla ran for Morse . Harris sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to third , Padilla to second . Dukes walked . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Dunn walked , Gonzalez scored , Padilla to third , Dukes to second . Maxwell homered to left , Padilla , Dukes and Dunn scored . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 4 - Nationals 7 .	Maxwell slam off K - Rod lifts Nats past Mets