Phillies - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Angels . Revere grounded out to second . Rollins walked . Utley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rollins out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Phillies . Calhoun singled to left . Trout flied out to center . Pujols walked , Calhoun to second . Hamilton singled to right , Calhoun to third , Pujols to second . Aybar grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Calhoun out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Howard flied out to left . Byrd grounded out to second . Brown grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Phillies . Kendrick grounded out to third . Boesch grounded out to second . Freese struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Ruiz struck out swinging . Ruf hit by pitch . Blanco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ruf out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Phillies . Iannetta grounded out to shortstop . Calhoun grounded out to first . Trout struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Revere singled to center . Rollins grounded out to third , Revere to second . Utley reached on infield single to third , Revere to third . Howard hit sacrifice fly to left , Revere scored . Byrd flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton popped out to second . Aybar singled to center . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aybar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Brown flied out to left . Ruiz flied out to center . Ruf singled to right . Blanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Boesch lined out to right . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Iannetta grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Revere flied out to left . Rollins grounded out to third . Utley walked . Howard reached on infield single to pitcher , Utley to second , Utley to third on throwing error by pitcher Wilson . Byrd singled to left , Utley scored , Howard to second . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Byrd out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Calhoun homered to right ( 351 feet ) . Trout struck out swinging . Pujols singled to left . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Hamilton walked , Pujols to second . Aybar flied out to left . Kendrick singled to center , Pujols scored , Hamilton to third . Cowgill hit for Boesch . Cowgill hit ground rule double to deep right , Hamilton scored , Kendrick to third . Freese doubled to left , Kendrick and Cowgill scored . Iannetta singled to right , Freese scored , Iannetta to second on throwing error by right fielder Byrd . Diekman pitching for Phillies . Calhoun singled to left , Iannetta scored . Trout struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . McDonald at third base . Wilson pitching for Angels . Ruiz grounded out to third . Ruf singled to left . Blanco singled to right , Ruf to second . Revere struck out swinging . Grilli pitching for Angels . Rollins walked , Ruf to third , Blanco to second . Utley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Hollands pitching for Phillies . Pujols grounded out to third . Hamilton grounded out to shortstop . Aybar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Salas pitching for Angels . Howard struck out swinging . Byrd popped out to shortstop . Brown lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Jimenez pitching for Phillies . Kendrick reached on infield single to shortstop . Cowgill popped out to second . McDonald grounded out to third , Kendrick to second . Iannetta flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Navarro at first base . Salas pitching for Angels . Ruiz struck out swinging . Ruf struck out swinging . Blanco lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 2 - Angels 7 .	Angels rally in 6th for 7 - 2 win over Phillies