Cardinals - Top 1st . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Carpenter singled to center . Wong singled to center , Carpenter to second . Holliday doubled to deep left center , Carpenter and Wong scored . Adams walked . Peralta flied out to right , Holliday to third . Jay hit sacrifice fly to left , Holliday scored . Taveras singled to center , Adams to third . Cruz flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Revere reached on infield single to third . Rollins walked , Revere to second . Utley lined out to right , Revere to third . Howard grounded out to second , Revere scored , Rollins to second . Byrd struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Wainwright fouled out to third . Carpenter flied out to left . Wong singled to center . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Brown lined out to center . Ruiz popped out to first . Asche lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Adams homered to right ( 358 feet ) . Peralta grounded out to pitcher . Jay lined out to first . Taveras lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Kendrick singled to right . Revere singled to right , Kendrick to second . Rollins walked , Kendrick to third , Revere to second . Utley grounded out to first , Kendrick scored , Revere to third , Rollins to second . Howard singled to right , Revere scored , Rollins to third . Byrd hit sacrifice fly to left , Rollins scored . Brown walked , Howard to second . Ruiz singled to center , Howard to third , Brown to second , Howard scored on error by first baseman Adams . Asche popped out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 4th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Cruz struck out swinging . Wainwright reached on infield single to shortstop . Carpenter singled to center , Wainwright to second . Wong grounded into double play , third to first , Wainwright out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Revere grounded out to first . Rollins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Holliday flied out to left . Adams struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Utley struck out swinging . Howard popped out to shortstop . Byrd grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Jay lined out to center . Taveras struck out swinging . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Brown lined out to center . Ruiz singled to center . Asche grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ruiz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Robinson hit for Wainwright . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Robinson flied out to center . Diekman pitching for Phillies . Carpenter struck out swinging . Wong grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Freeman pitching for Cardinals . Ruf hit for Diekman . Ruf struck out swinging . Revere singled to center . Revere to second on wild pitch by Freeman . Rollins struck out swinging . Utley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Giles pitching for Phillies . Holliday flied out to right . Adams grounded out to second . Peralta popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Freeman pitching for Cardinals . Howard singled to right . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Byrd grounded out to shortstop , Howard to second . Brown grounded out to pitcher , Howard to third . Ruiz lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Phillies . Sizemore in left field . Jay lined out to center . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . Descalso hit for Cruz . Descalso flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Phillies 5 .	Phillies slip past Cardinals for 5 - 4 victory