Marlins - Top 1st . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Yelich walked . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Yelich out at second . McGehee grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson out at second . Ozuna singled to left , McGehee to second . Jones fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Revere reached on infield single to shortstop . Revere stole second . Franco fouled out to catcher . Utley grounded out to first , Revere to third . Howard flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Saltalamacchia singled to left center . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Saltalamacchia out at second . Hechavarria flied out to center . Koehler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Sizemore flied out to center . Brown flied out to center . Ruiz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Yelich singled to shallow center . Johnson fouled out to first . McGehee reached on infield single to shortstop , Yelich to second . Ozuna grounded out to second , Yelich to third , McGehee to second . Jones flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Galvis singled to right . Galvis to second on wild pitch by Koehler . Buchanan struck out bunting foul . Revere grounded out to second , Galvis to third . Franco singled to center , Galvis scored , Franco out stretching at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez homered to right ( 390 feet ) . Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop . Koehler popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Utley doubled to deep right . Howard walked . Sizemore singled to right , Utley to third , Howard to second . Brown grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Utley scored , Sizemore out at second , Howard to third . Ruiz singled to shallow left , Howard scored . Galvis popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Yelich flied out to center . Johnson safe at first on error by shortstop Galvis . McGehee struck out swinging . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Buchanan struck out swinging . Revere grounded out to second . Franco fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Jones struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first . Hernandez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Utley grounded out to shortstop . Howard singled to right . Sizemore grounded out to first , Howard to third on throwing error by first baseman Jones . Brown grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 7th . Buchanan pitching for Phillies . Hechavarria grounded out to second . Lucas hit for Koehler . Lucas safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Buchanan . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Yelich flied out to left . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Capps pitching for Marlins . Ruiz struck out swinging . Galvis struck out swinging . Ruf hit for Bastardo . Ruf flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . McGehee popped out to second . Ozuna struck out swinging . Jones flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Capps pitching for Marlins . Revere singled to left . Revere stole second , Revere safe at third on throwing error by catcher Saltalamacchia . Franco fouled out to first . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Revere scored . Howard singled to left , Utley to second . Sizemore flied out to left . Brown walked , Utley to third , Howard to second . DeSclafani pitching for Marlins . Gwynn Jr. ran for Howard . Ruiz grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 9th . Franco at first base . Gwynn Jr. in left field . Papelbon pitching for Phillies . Asche at third base . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep right center . Realmuto ran for Saltalamacchia . Hernandez walked . Hechavarria reached on infield single to second , Realmuto to third , Hernandez to second . Valdespin hit for DeSclafani . Valdespin grounded out to first , Realmuto scored , Hernandez to third , Hechavarria to second . Yelich reached on infield single to second , Hernandez scored , Hechavarria to third . Bour hit for Johnson . Bour singled to center , Hechavarria scored , Yelich to third . McGehee struck out looking . Yelich scored , Bour to second on wild pitch by Papelbon . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Bour at first base . Jones in right field . Mathis catching . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Galvis walked . Asche singled to shallow left , Galvis to second . Revere struck out looking . Franco struck out swinging . Utley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 5 - Phillies 4 .	Papelbon gestures to Phils fans , gets tossed