Nationals - Top 1st . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Guzman grounded out to second . Milledge struck out swinging . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Perez pitching for Nationals . Barton doubled to left . Ankiel homered to right , Barton scored . Pujols doubled to deep center . Glaus popped out to second . Ludwick flied out to center . Molina grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . Kearns hit by pitch . Lo Duca lined out to third . Belliard reached on infield single to third , Kearns to second . Lopez walked , Kearns to third , Belliard to second . Perez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Perez pitching for Nationals . Izturis hit by pitch . Looper sacrificed to catcher , Izturis to second . Izturis stole third . Miles lined out to right . Barton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Milledge grounded out to third . Zimmerman safe at first on error by second baseman Miles . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Perez pitching for Nationals . Ankiel struck out looking . Pujols walked . Glaus walked , Pujols to second . Ludwick grounded into double play , second to first , Glaus out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Kearns doubled to deep center . Lo Duca reached on infield single to pitcher , Kearns to third . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kearns scored , Lo Duca out at second . Lopez struck out swinging . Perez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Perez pitching for Nationals . Molina walked . Izturis doubled to right , Molina to third . Looper grounded out to second , Molina scored , Izturis to third . Miles singled to left , Izturis scored . Barton reached on infield single to shortstop , Miles to second . Ankiel grounded out to first , Miles to third , Barton to second . Pujols intentionally walked . Glaus struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Guzman safe at first on error by shortstop Izturis . Milledge grounded into double play , second to first , Guzman out at second . Zimmerman singled to right . Johnson walked , Zimmerman to second . Kearns grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Perez pitching for Nationals . Ludwick doubled to left . Molina singled to center , Ludwick scored . Schroder pitching for Nationals . Izturis singled to right , Molina to second . Looper sacrificed to catcher , Molina to third , Izturis to second . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Molina out at home , Izturis to third . Barton grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Schumaker in left field . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Lo Duca grounded out to third . Belliard popped out to pitcher . Lopez singled to left . Mackowiak hit for Schroder . Mackowiak grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Ankiel grounded out to shortstop . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Glaus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Guzman homered to right . Milledge singled to center . Zimmerman singled to left , Milledge to second . Villone pitching for Cardinals . Johnson walked , Milledge to third , Zimmerman to second . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Kearns struck out looking . Lo Duca walked , Milledge scored , Zimmerman to third , Johnson to second . Belliard singled to shallow left , Zimmerman scored , Johnson to third , Lo Duca to second . Lopez struck out swinging . Harris hit for Hanrahan . Harris grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Ludwick struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to second . Izturis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Guzman grounded out to first . Milledge flied out to center . Zimmerman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Washington hit for Franklin . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Washington struck out swinging . Miles grounded out to second . Schumaker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Johnson struck out swinging . Kearns singled to center . Lo Duca walked , Kearns to second . Belliard struck out swinging . Lopez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 4 - Cardinals 5 .	Cards shoo away Nats