Marlins - Top 1st . Redding pitching for Nationals . Ramirez doubled to deep right . Uggla safe at second on error by center fielder Milledge , Ramirez scored . Jacobs struck out swinging . Willingham flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Miller pitching for Marlins . Guzman tripled to deep right center . Milledge doubled to deep left , Guzman scored . Zimmerman flied out to right . Johnson struck out swinging . Kearns struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Redding pitching for Nationals . Cantu singled to right . Treanor singled to right , Cantu to second . Amezaga walked , Cantu to third , Treanor to second . Miller struck out swinging . Ramirez struck out swinging . Uggla walked , Cantu scored , Treanor to third , Amezaga to second . Jacobs popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Miller pitching for Marlins . Lo Duca singled to left . Belliard singled to center , Lo Duca to second . Lopez singled to right , Lo Duca scored , Belliard to third . Redding struck out bunting foul . Guzman hit sacrifice fly to center , Belliard scored . Lopez stole second . Milledge grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Redding pitching for Nationals . Willingham singled to left . Gonzalez flied out to right . Cantu safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Guzman , Willingham to third . Treanor grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Willingham out at home , Cantu to third . Treanor stole second . Amezaga doubled to deep right , Cantu and Treanor scored . Miller reached on infield single to second , Amezaga to third . Ramirez homered to left , Amezaga and Miller scored . Uggla flied out to right . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Miller pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman flied out to right . Johnson flied out to left . Kearns grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Redding pitching for Nationals . Jacobs popped out to third . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Miller pitching for Marlins . Lo Duca grounded out to third . Belliard walked . Lopez singled to center , Belliard to second . Harris hit for Redding . Harris hit by pitch , Belliard to third , Lopez to second . Guzman singled to right center , Belliard and Lopez scored , Harris to second . Milledge singled to left , Harris scored , Guzman to second . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop , Guzman to third , Milledge to second . Johnson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Schroder pitching for Nationals . Cantu grounded out to third . Treanor popped out to second . Amezaga flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Kearns struck out swinging . Lo Duca walked . Belliard walked , Lo Duca to second . Lopez grounded into double play , third to first , Lo Duca out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Schroder pitching for Nationals . Pinto struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . Uggla homered to left . Jacobs walked . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Mackowiak in left field . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jacobs out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Mackowiak struck out swinging . Guzman flied out to right . Milledge flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Cantu flied out to left . Treanor grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Miller pitching for Marlins . Ross in right field . Zimmerman struck out looking . Johnson doubled to deep right center . Kearns walked . Lo Duca singled to left , Johnson to third , Kearns to second . Belliard popped out to second . Boone hit for Rivera . Boone flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Amezaga grounded out to shortstop . Ross grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez singled to center . Uggla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Marlins . Mackowiak popped out to shortstop . Guzman tripled to deep right center . Milledge hit sacrifice fly to center , Guzman scored . Zimmerman walked . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Johnson walked , Zimmerman to second . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Andino at second base . Kearns walked , Zimmerman to third , Johnson to second . Lo Duca grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson out at third , Kearns to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Jacobs grounded out to second . Willingham walked . Andino homered to left , Willingham scored . Cantu popped out to third . Treanor singled to left . Amezaga grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Helms at first base . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Belliard struck out swinging . Flores hit for Rauch . Flores popped out to second . Mackowiak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 10 - Nationals 7 .	First - place Marlins send Nationals to 5th loss in row