Braves - Top 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Johnson doubled to deep left center . Escobar fouled out to right , Johnson to third . Jones walked . Teixeira singled to right , Johnson scored , Jones to second . Francoeur homered to left , Jones and Teixeira scored . McCann singled to center . Diaz singled to left , McCann to second . Kotsay walked , McCann to third , Diaz to second . Smoltz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kotsay out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Guzman grounded out to second . Milledge grounded out to third . Zimmerman reached on infield single to pitcher , Zimmerman to second on throwing error by pitcher Smoltz . Johnson walked . Zimmerman to third , Johnson to second on wild pitch by Smoltz . Kearns struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Johnson lined out to shortstop . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Jones walked . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Lo Duca grounded out to second . Lopez grounded out to first . Harris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Francoeur popped out to first . McCann doubled to deep right center . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Kotsay grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Lannan struck out looking . Guzman reached on infield single to second . Milledge flied out to right . Zimmerman walked , Guzman to second . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Smoltz struck out swinging . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson out at second . Jones singled to right , Escobar to second . Teixeira walked , Escobar to third , Jones to second . Francoeur singled to left , Escobar and Jones scored , Teixeira to third , Francoeur to second advancing on throw . McCann struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Kearns singled to left . Lo Duca flied out to center . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kearns out at second . Lopez stole second . Harris tripled to deep center , Lopez scored . Mackowiak hit for Lannan . Mackowiak flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Diaz doubled to center . Kotsay flied out to right , Diaz to third . Smoltz grounded out to third , Diaz scored . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Prado at third base . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Guzman struck out swinging . Milledge struck out swinging . Zimmerman doubled to deep right center . Johnson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Escobar singled to right . Prado lined out to center . Teixeira flied out to left . Francoeur homered to left , Escobar scored . McCann homered to right . Diaz struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Kearns grounded out to second . Lo Duca flied out to center . Lopez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Boone at first base . Kotsay struck out swinging . Miller hit for Smoltz . Miller flied out to right . Johnson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Miller catching . Blanco in center field . Harris walked . Ohman pitching for Braves . Boone flied out to center . Guzman reached on infield single to third , Harris to second . Milledge walked , Harris to third , Guzman to second . Bennett pitching for Braves . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to center , Harris scored . Estrada hit for Hanrahan . Estrada walked , Guzman to third , Milledge to second . Kearns grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Escobar flied out to right . Prado flied out to center . Teixeira struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Boyer pitching for Braves . Lo Duca walked . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lo Duca out at second . Harris struck out looking . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lopez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Francoeur flied out to left . Blanco walked . Diaz struck out swinging . Gotay hit for Boyer . Gotay struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Acosta pitching for Braves . Guzman singled to right . Milledge grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Guzman out at second . Zimmerman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 10 - Nationals 2 .	Francoeur 's 2 homers , 7 RBIs lead Braves