Braves - Top 1st . Redding pitching for Nationals . Johnson grounded out to first . Escobar singled to center . Jones lined into double play , shortstop to first , Escobar doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Glavine pitching for Braves . Guzman doubled to deep left . Milledge reached on bunt single to second , Guzman to third . Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop , Guzman scored , Milledge to second . Kearns walked , Milledge to third , Zimmerman to second . Pena grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Milledge scored , Kearns out at second , Zimmerman to third . Bennett pitching for Braves . Lo Duca flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Redding pitching for Nationals . Teixeira flied out to center . McCann walked . Francoeur walked , McCann to second . Kotsay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Francoeur out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Bennett pitching for Braves . Belliard struck out swinging . Boone singled to left . Redding sacrificed to first , Boone to second . Guzman walked . Milledge walked , Boone to third , Guzman to second . Zimmerman walked , Boone scored , Guzman to third , Milledge to second . Kearns walked , Guzman scored , Milledge to third , Zimmerman to second . Pena struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Redding pitching for Nationals . Diaz struck out swinging . Bennett grounded out to shortstop . Johnson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Bennett pitching for Braves . Lo Duca hit by pitch . Belliard grounded out to shortstop , Lo Duca to second . Boone singled to center , Lo Duca scored . Redding struck out looking . Guzman grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Redding pitching for Nationals . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Jones singled to right . Teixeira grounded out to first , Jones to second . McCann flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Bennett pitching for Braves . Milledge singled to right . Milledge stole second . Zimmerman lined into double play , first to shortstop , Milledge doubled off second . Kearns grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Redding pitching for Nationals . Francoeur flied out to right . Kotsay singled to center . Diaz struck out swinging . Gotay hit for Bennett . Gotay walked , Kotsay to second . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Campillo pitching for Braves . Pena struck out swinging . Lo Duca flied out to right . Belliard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Redding pitching for Nationals . Escobar singled to right . Jones homered to left , Escobar scored . Teixeira doubled to deep right center . King pitching for Nationals . McCann grounded out to second , Teixeira to third . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Lopez at second base . Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to right , Teixeira scored . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Campillo pitching for Braves . Boone grounded out to shortstop . Lopez struck out swinging . Guzman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Diaz grounded out to third . Blanco hit for Campillo . Blanco bunt grounded out to third . Johnson walked . Johnson stole second . Escobar walked . Jones grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Resop pitching for Braves . Milledge doubled to deep center . Zimmerman grounded out to first , Milledge to third . Kearns grounded into double play , shortstop to first to catcher , Milledge out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Teixeira singled to left . McCann flied out to left . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Teixeira out at second . Kotsay safe at second on error by left fielder Pena , Francoeur scored . Diaz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Boyer pitching for Braves . Pena struck out swinging . Estrada hit for Lo Duca . Estrada struck out swinging . Johnson hit for Ayala . Johnson lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Harris in left field . Estrada catching . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Pena hit for Boyer . Pena struck out looking . Johnson flied out to left . Escobar walked . Jones doubled to right , Escobar to third . Jurrjens ran for Jones . Teixeira intentionally walked . Rauch pitching for Nationals . McCann flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 4 - Nationals 5 .	Nats end skid as Glavine 's start cut short by injury