Nationals - Top 1st . Badenhop pitching for Marlins . Lopez singled to right . Lopez to second on passed ball by Rabelo . Guzman doubled to deep right , Lopez to third . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to shortstop , Lopez scored , Guzman to third . Milledge walked . Milledge stole second . Kearns grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Hill pitching for Nationals . Ramirez fouled out to first . Uggla flied out to right . Hermida struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Badenhop pitching for Marlins . Pena struck out looking . Estrada grounded out to second . Hill walked . Lopez walked , Hill to second . Guzman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Hill pitching for Nationals . Willingham grounded out to second . Jacobs doubled to deep left . Cantu struck out looking . Ross struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Badenhop pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman flied out to center . Johnson walked . Milledge walked , Johnson to second . Kearns popped out to second . Pena singled to right center , Johnson scored , Milledge to third . Estrada singled to right , Milledge scored , Pena to second . Hill struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Hill pitching for Nationals . Rabelo grounded out to third . Badenhop struck out swinging . Ramirez reached on infield single to second . Ramirez stole second , Ramirez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Estrada . Uggla doubled to deep right , Ramirez scored . Hermida grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 4th . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Lopez grounded out to first . Guzman safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Uggla . Zimmerman singled to right , Guzman to second . Johnson popped into double play , third to second , Guzman doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Hill pitching for Nationals . Willingham struck out looking . Jacobs struck out looking . Cantu singled to center . Ross grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cantu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Milledge popped out to second . Kearns hit by pitch . Pena popped out to first . Estrada safe at first on error by first baseman Jacobs , Kearns to third . Hill fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Hill pitching for Nationals . Rabelo safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Lopez . Andino hit for Kensing . Andino grounded out to second , Rabelo to second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Uggla singled to left , Rabelo to third . Hermida lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Lopez singled to left . Guzman grounded out to shortstop , Lopez to third on throwing error by first baseman Jacobs . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Johnson popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Hill pitching for Nationals . Willingham tripled to deep center . Jacobs singled to right center , Willingham scored . Cantu doubled to deep left , Jacobs to third . Colome pitching for Nationals . Ross hit sacrifice fly to center , Jacobs scored , Cantu to third . Rabelo safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez , Cantu scored . Pinto sacrificed to pitcher , Rabelo to second . Ramirez struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 7th . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Milledge grounded out to shortstop . Kearns grounded out to third . Pena grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Uggla struck out swinging . Hermida struck out swinging . Willingham doubled to deep center . King pitching for Nationals . Jacobs doubled to deep right , Willingham scored . Helms ran for Jacobs . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Cantu reached on infield single to third , Helms to third . Ross grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Helms at first base . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Estrada flied out to center . Boone hit for Cordero . Boone grounded out to shortstop . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Rabelo struck out swinging . Gonzalez hit for Pinto . Gonzalez struck out looking . Ramirez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Guzman safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez . Zimmerman lined out to center . Guzman to second on passed ball by Rabelo . Johnson walked . Milledge struck out looking . Guzman to third , Johnson to second on wild pitch by Gregg . Harris ran for Johnson . Kearns singled to right , Guzman and Harris scored , Kearns to second advancing on throw . Pena flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Harris in left field . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Belliard at first base . Uggla walked . Hermida grounded out to second , Uggla to second . Willingham intentionally walked . Helms singled to center , Uggla scored , Willingham to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Marlins 6 .	Helms proves clutch with walk - off winner vs. Nats