Nationals - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Guzman singled to right center . Milledge sacrificed to catcher , Guzman to second . Zimmerman grounded out to third . Johnson walked . Kearns singled to right , Guzman thrown out at home , Johnson to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Chico pitching for Nationals . Prado doubled to deep center . Escobar sacrificed to pitcher , Prado to third . Jones hit sacrifice fly to left , Prado scored . Teixeira reached on infield single to shortstop . Francoeur grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Estrada singled to left . Pena struck out swinging . Lopez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Estrada out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Chico pitching for Nationals . McCann homered to center . Diaz singled to right . Diaz stole second . Blanco singled to left , Diaz to third . Hudson sacrificed to third , Diaz scored , Blanco to second . Prado doubled to deep left , Blanco scored . Escobar flied out to right , Prado to third . Jones walked . Teixeira flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Chico grounded out to second . Guzman doubled to deep center . Milledge grounded out to shortstop , Guzman to third . Zimmerman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Chico pitching for Nationals . Francoeur grounded out to third . McCann singled to right . Diaz doubled to left , McCann to third . Blanco intentionally walked . Hudson walked , McCann scored , Diaz to third , Blanco to second . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Diaz scored , Hudson out at second , Blanco to third . Escobar flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Johnson grounded out to second . Kearns grounded out to third . Estrada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Chico pitching for Nationals . Jones flied out to center . Teixeira grounded out to pitcher . Francoeur lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Pena fouled out to first . Lopez hit ground rule double to deep left center . Mackowiak hit for Chico . Mackowiak reached on infield single to shortstop , Lopez tagged out at home . Guzman singled to center , Mackowiak to second . Milledge struck out looking . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . McCann grounded out to first . Diaz struck out swinging . Blanco singled to center . Hudson lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Zimmerman lined out to left . Johnson grounded out to second . Kearns singled to right center . Estrada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Prado struck out swinging . Escobar singled to right . Jones singled to left , Escobar to second . Teixeira struck out swinging . Francoeur singled to right center , Escobar scored , Jones to second . McCann flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Pena struck out swinging . Lopez walked . Harris hit for Hanrahan . Harris doubled to deep right , Lopez scored . Guzman safe at first on error by first baseman Teixeira , Harris to third . Milledge hit sacrifice fly to right , Harris scored . Zimmerman singled to left , Guzman to second . Ring pitching for Braves . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zimmerman out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 7th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Diaz singled to right . Blanco struck out swinging . Gotay hit for Ring . Gotay struck out swinging . Prado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Kearns walked . Estrada singled to center , Kearns to third . Pena lined out to second . Lopez struck out looking . Boone hit for Colome . Boone reached on infield single to third , Kearns scored , Estrada to second , Estrada to third , Boone to first on throwing error by third baseman Jones . A Boone out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 8th . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Escobar walked . Escobar to second on wild pitch by Cordero . Jones popped out to shortstop . Teixeira struck out looking . Francoeur grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Acosta pitching for Braves . Guzman grounded out to first . Milledge hit by pitch . Zimmerman singled to center , Milledge to second . Johnson grounded out to first , Milledge to third , Zimmerman to second . Kearns struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Braves 7 .	Hudson , Braves roll listless Nats