Nationals - Top 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Marlins . Bernadina struck out swinging . Guzman singled to right . Dukes lined out to second . Young grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Balester pitching for Nationals . Ramirez popped out to second . Hermida safe at first on error by shortstop Guzman . Hermida stole second . Cantu fouled out to first . Willingham hit by pitch . Jacobs popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Marlins . Belliard lined out to center . Lo Duca flied out to center . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Balester pitching for Nationals . Ross struck out swinging . Andino struck out swinging . Treanor grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Marlins . Lopez popped out to second . Balester struck out swinging . Bernadina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Balester pitching for Nationals . Hendrickson struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Hermida grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Marlins . Guzman flied out to right . Dukes homered to left . Young flied out to right . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Cantu flied out to center . Willingham grounded out to second . Jacobs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Marlins . Lo Duca doubled to deep left center . Pena fouled out to catcher . Lopez singled to right , Lo Duca scored . Balester sacrificed to pitcher , Lopez to second . Bernadina singled to left , Lopez thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Ross singled to left . Andino grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ross out at second . Treanor walked , Andino to second . Hendrickson walked , Andino to third , Treanor to second . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to second , Andino scored . Treanor to third , Hendrickson to second on wild pitch by Balester . Hermida walked . Cantu fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Marlins . Guzman singled to center . Dukes singled to left , Guzman to second . Young singled to right , Guzman to third , Dukes to second . Belliard homered to left , Guzman , Dukes and Young scored . Lo Duca grounded out to third . Pena lined out to center . Lopez singled to deep left , Lopez out stretching at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Shell pitching for Nationals . Willingham struck out swinging . Jacobs flied out to center . Ross walked . Andino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . De La Cruz pitching for Marlins . Amezaga at second base . Shell grounded out to first . Bernadina popped out to third . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Shell pitching for Nationals . Treanor singled to center . Amezaga hit by pitch , Treanor to second . Ramirez homered to left , Treanor and Amezaga scored . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Hermida grounded out to first . Cantu flied out to right . Willingham popped out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . De La Cruz pitching for Marlins . Dukes singled to center . Dukes stole second . Young struck out swinging . Belliard walked . Nelson pitching for Marlins . Lo Duca singled to shallow center , Dukes to third , Belliard to second . Casto hit for Pena . Casto grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Dukes scored on throwing error by first baseman Jacobs , Belliard to third , Lo Duca to second . Lopez singled to center , Belliard scored , Lo Duca to third , Casto to second . Harris hit for Hanrahan . Harris singled to right , Lo Duca scored , Casto to third , Lopez to second . Bernadina struck out swinging . Guzman fouled out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Manning pitching for Nationals . Boone at first base . Harris in left field . Jacobs struck out swinging . Ross struck out swinging . Helms hit for Nelson . Helms walked . Treanor walked , Helms to second . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Amezaga singled to center , Helms scored , Treanor to second . Ramirez singled to right , Treanor scored , Amezaga to second , Amezaga to third , Ramirez to second on throwing error by right fielder Dukes . Hermida struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 9th . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Dukes popped out to second . Boone flied out to center . Belliard doubled to deep left center . Lo Duca hit by pitch . Flores hit for Ayala . Flores struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Cantu grounded out to shortstop . Willingham struck out swinging . Jacobs reached on infield single to pitcher . Ross singled to left , Jacobs to second . Gonzalez hit for Kensing . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 9 - Marlins 6 .	Balester wins big league debut as Nats top Marlins