Nationals - Top 1st . Volquez pitching for Reds . Lopez grounded out to catcher . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Guzman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Balester pitching for Nationals . Hairston flied out to left . Keppinger grounded out to shortstop . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Volquez pitching for Reds . Kearns singled to left . Young struck out swinging . Lo Duca flied out to right . Pena lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Balester pitching for Nationals . Phillips flied out to left . Dunn flied out to center . Encarnacion flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Volquez pitching for Reds . Bernadina reached on bunt single to first . Balester hit by pitch , Bernadina to second . Lopez walked , Bernadina to third , Balester to second . Belliard singled to left , Bernadina scored , Balester to third , Lopez to second . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Balester scored , Belliard out at second , Lopez to third . Kearns walked , Guzman to second . Young walked , Lopez scored , Guzman to third , Kearns to second . Lo Duca grounded into double play , third to second to first , Young out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Balester pitching for Nationals . Votto grounded out to shortstop . Ross grounded out to third . Volquez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Volquez pitching for Reds . Pena singled to center . Bernadina singled to right , Pena to second . Balester sacrificed to pitcher , Pena to third , Bernadina to second . Lopez grounded out to second . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Hairston flied out to left . Keppinger grounded out to shortstop . Griffey Jr walked . Phillips singled to left , Griffey Jr to second . Dunn homered to right , Griffey Jr and Phillips scored . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Volquez pitching for Reds . Guzman struck out swinging . Kearns flied out to right . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Votto walked . Ross doubled to left , Votto scored . Volquez sacrificed to first , Ross to third , Volquez safe at first on error by first baseman Young . Ross to third on error by first baseman Young . Hairston grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ross scored , Volquez out at second . Keppinger flied out to left . Griffey Jr grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . Volquez pitching for Reds . Lo Duca flied out to right . Pena struck out swinging . Bernadina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Phillips doubled to left . Dunn struck out swinging . Encarnacion flied out to left . Votto intentionally walked . Ross hit by pitch , Phillips to third , Votto to second . Valentin hit for Volquez . Colome pitching for Nationals . Harris in center field . Valentin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Bray pitching for Reds . Harris struck out swinging . Lopez doubled to deep center . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Guzman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Hairston singled to center . Hairston stole second . Keppinger grounded out to second , Hairston to third . Manning pitching for Nationals . Griffey Jr grounded out to shortstop . Phillips walked . Phillips stole second . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Burton pitching for Reds . Kearns struck out swinging . Young singled to right . Boone ran for Young . Lo Duca bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Boone out at second . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Lo Duca at first base . Flores catching . Encarnacion singled to left . Votto safe at first on error by first baseman Lo Duca , Encarnacion to second . Ross sacrificed to catcher , Encarnacion to third , Votto to second . Bruce hit for Burton . Bruce grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Encarnacion out at home . Hairston singled to right center , Votto scored , Bruce to third . Keppinger flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Reds . Flores popped out to shortstop . Harris struck out swinging . Lopez singled to right . Belliard safe at first on error by first baseman Votto , Lopez to third . Guzman reached on infield single to shortstop , Lopez scored , Belliard to second . Kearns singled to right , Belliard scored , Guzman to second . Nieves hit for Rauch . Nieves struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Reds 6 .	Dunn rallies Reds , ace Volquez past Nationals