Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Young grounded out to shortstop . Ojeda grounded out to shortstop . Hudson singled to right . Jackson out on batter 's interference to first . Jackson batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Harris popped out to second . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Guzman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Reynolds flied out to center . Tracy grounded out to shortstop . Hammock walked . Bonifacio grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hammock out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Kearns grounded out to shortstop . Young singled to center . Belliard hit by pitch , Young to second . Lo Duca hit by pitch , Young to third , Belliard to second . Casto walked , Young scored , Belliard to third , Lo Duca to second . Lannan grounded into double play , third to first , Lo Duca out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Owings singled to center . Young grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Owings out at second . Ojeda grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Harris grounded out to first . Lopez flied out to left . Guzman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Jackson walked . Reynolds grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Kearns hit by pitch . Young flied out to left . Belliard struck out swinging . Lo Duca lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Tracy fouled out to left . Hammock grounded out to third . Bonifacio grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Casto grounded out to second . Lannan walked . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lannan out at second . Lopez walked , Harris to second . Guzman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Owings grounded out to first . Young walked . Ojeda grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Kearns grounded out to shortstop . Young walked . Belliard popped out to first . Lo Duca walked , Young to second . Robertson pitching for Diamondbacks . Casto doubled to deep right , Young scored , Lo Duca to third . Flores hit for Lannan . Flores homered to left , Lo Duca and Casto scored . Harris walked . Lopez flied out to left . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Hudson grounded out to second . Jackson singled to center . Reynolds lined into double play , second to first , Jackson doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks . Guzman singled to right . Kearns flied out to center . Young singled to right , Guzman to third . Belliard grounded into double play , second to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Harris at third base . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Belliard at first base . Bernadina in center field . Tracy grounded out to first . Hammock struck out swinging . Bonifacio struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Petit pitching for Diamondbacks . Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop . Casto reached on infield single to shortstop . Bernadina struck out swinging , Casto stole second . Harris grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Romero hit for Petit . Romero flied out to left . Young struck out swinging . Ojeda lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 0 - Nationals 5 .	Four pitchers combine for shutout as Nats end skid