Nationals - Top 1st . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Harris singled to right . Zimmerman singled to left , Harris to second . Milledge struck out swinging . Casto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Perez pitching for Nationals . Taveras grounded out to pitcher . Barmes popped out to shortstop . Holliday walked . Atkins homered to left , Holliday scored . Iannetta popped out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Langerhans walked . Orr popped out to second . Nieves grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Langerhans out at second . Perez singled to center , Nieves to second . Bonifacio singled to right , Nieves scored , Perez to second . Harris doubled to right , Perez and Bonifacio scored . Zimmerman walked . Milledge singled to right , Harris scored , Zimmerman to third . Casto struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Perez pitching for Nationals . Baker grounded out to third . Hawpe safe at first on error by second baseman Bonifacio . Tulowitzki singled to center , Hawpe to second . Jimenez bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Hawpe out at third , Tulowitzki to second . Taveras flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Langerhans walked . Orr flied out to left . Nieves struck out swinging . Perez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Perez pitching for Nationals . Barmes singled to right . Holliday flied out to center . Atkins singled to shallow left , Barmes to second . Iannetta lined out to second . Baker grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Atkins out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Bonifacio singled to left . Bonifacio stole second . Harris walked . Zimmerman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Harris out at second , Bonifacio to third . Milledge flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Perez pitching for Nationals . Hawpe flied out to center . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to shortstop . Jimenez sacrificed to catcher , Tulowitzki to second . Taveras flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Casto walked . Langerhans walked , Casto to second . Orr grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Langerhans out at second , Casto to third . Orr stole second . Nieves doubled to deep left , Casto and Orr scored . Perez grounded out to second , Nieves to third . Bonifacio flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Perez pitching for Nationals . Barmes grounded out to third . Holliday doubled to right . Atkins flied out to right , Holliday to third . Iannetta hit by pitch . Baker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Herges pitching for Rockies . Harris bunt grounded out to pitcher . Zimmerman flied out to left . Milledge singled to center . Casto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Milledge out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Perez pitching for Nationals . Hawpe flied out to center . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Sullivan hit for Herges . Sullivan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Vizcaino pitching for Rockies . Langerhans singled to right . Orr popped out to second . Nieves singled to left , Langerhans to second . Guzman hit for Perez . Guzman singled to right , Langerhans to third , Nieves to second . Bonifacio grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Langerhans out at home , Nieves to third , Guzman to second . Harris flied out to center . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Orr at second base . Guzman at shortstop . Taveras grounded out to pitcher . Barmes popped out to shortstop . Holliday safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . Holliday stole second . Atkins singled to left , Holliday scored . Iannetta flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 8th . Vizcaino pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman popped out to second . Milledge flied out to left . Casto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Baker flied out to right . Hawpe struck out swinging . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Quintanilla at shortstop . Langerhans grounded out to second . Orr struck out swinging . Nieves struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Quintanilla flied out to right . Smith hit for Taveras . Smith lined out to center . Stewart hit for Barmes . Stewart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 6 - Rockies 3 .	Milledge shines again as Nats get twin - bill sweep