Nationals - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Bonifacio bunt grounded out to first . Guzman struck out swinging . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Balester pitching for Nationals . Weeks walked . Hardy struck out looking . Weeks to second on wild pitch by Balester . Braun grounded out to third , Weeks to third . Fielder singled to center , Weeks scored . Hart grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fielder out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Kearns grounded out to shortstop . Milledge bunt popped out foul to first . Flores singled to left . Belliard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Balester pitching for Nationals . Counsell flied out to center . Cameron homered to left . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Sabathia singled to left . Weeks grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Harris grounded out to second . Balester struck out swinging . Bonifacio flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Balester pitching for Nationals . Hardy singled to left . Braun singled to left center , Hardy to second . Fielder struck out swinging . Hardy scored , Braun to third on wild pitch by Balester . Hart hit sacrifice fly to center , Braun scored . Counsell fouled out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Guzman singled to center . Zimmerman flied out to center . Kearns grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Guzman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Cameron popped out to third . Kendall struck out swinging . Sabathia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Milledge singled to left . Flores struck out swinging . Belliard flied out to right . Milledge stole second . Harris grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Weeks flied out to right . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . Braun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Casto hit for Balester . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Casto struck out swinging . Bonifacio grounded out to second . Guzman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Mock pitching for Nationals . Fielder popped out to third . Hart flied out to left . Counsell walked . Cameron walked , Counsell to second . Kendall struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Kearns grounded out to shortstop . Milledge singled to left . Flores singled to right , Milledge to second . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Flores out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Langerhans at first base . Sabathia grounded out to second . Weeks grounded out to pitcher . Hardy homered to right center . Braun walked . Fielder popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Harris struck out swinging . Langerhans walked . Bonifacio grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Langerhans out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Hart flied out to right . Counsell struck out swinging , Counsell safe at first on wild pitch by Colome . Cameron walked , Counsell to second . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cameron out at second , Counsell to third . Sabathia grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Sabathia pitching for Brewers . Guzman safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Sabathia . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guzman out at second , Zimmerman to second on throwing error by shortstop Hardy . Kearns lined out to shortstop . Milledge grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 0 - Brewers 5 .	5 - hitter gives CC 6 - 0 mark with Brewers