Phillies - Top 1st . Redding pitching for Nationals . Rollins walked . Victorino popped out to third . Utley hit by pitch , Rollins to second . Howard struck out swinging . Werth flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Harris singled to right . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harris out at second . Zimmerman walked , Guzman to second . Guzman to third , Zimmerman to second on wild pitch by Kendrick . Milledge singled to center , Guzman and Zimmerman scored . Belliard struck out swinging , Milledge stole second . Dukes hit by pitch . Flores grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Redding pitching for Nationals . Dobbs flied out to right . Stairs grounded out to shortstop . Coste struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Bonifacio flied out to center . Redding singled to right . Harris flied out to left . Guzman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Redding pitching for Nationals . Kendrick grounded out to third . Rollins flied out to right . Victorino hit by pitch . Victorino caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Utley batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Zimmerman walked . Milledge grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zimmerman out at second . Belliard walked . Dukes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Belliard out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Redding pitching for Nationals . Utley popped out to third . Howard grounded out to first . Werth flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Flores singled to left . Bonifacio singled to shallow left , Flores to second . Redding bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Flores out at third , Bonifacio to second . Bonifacio caught stealing third , pitcher to third . Harris tripled to deep right , Redding scored . Guzman doubled to deep right , Harris scored . Zimmerman homered to center , Guzman scored . Milledge grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Redding pitching for Nationals . Dobbs flied out to center . Stairs grounded out to pitcher . Coste walked . Taguchi hit for Kendrick . Taguchi popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Happ pitching for Phillies . Belliard singled to center . Dukes hit by pitch , Belliard to second . Flores struck out swinging . Bonifacio struck out looking . Redding grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Redding pitching for Nationals . Rollins lined out to first . Victorino reached on infield single to shortstop . Utley flied out to center . Victorino stole second , Victorino safe at third on throwing error by catcher Flores . Howard doubled to deep right , Victorino scored . Werth walked . Manning pitching for Nationals . Feliz hit for Dobbs . Feliz walked , Howard to third , Werth to second . Burrell hit for Stairs . Estrada pitching for Nationals . Burrell walked , Howard scored , Werth to third , Feliz to second . Coste hit by pitch , Werth scored , Feliz to third , Burrell to second . Ruiz hit for Happ . Ruiz grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Werth in right field . Feliz at third base . Burrell in left field . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Harris fouled out to first . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Victorino grounded out to pitcher . Utley singled to center . Howard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Milledge grounded out to second . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Dukes reached on infield single to shortstop , Dukes to second on throwing error by shortstop Rollins . Flores doubled to deep left , Dukes scored . Bonifacio struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 8th . Shell pitching for Nationals . Werth flied out to right . Feliz lined out to third . Burrell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Seanez pitching for Phillies . Bernadina hit for Shell . Bernadina struck out swinging . Harris popped out to shortstop . Guzman singled to right . Guzman stole second . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Coste struck out swinging . Bruntlett hit for Seanez . Bruntlett struck out looking . Rollins homered to right . Victorino grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 4 - Nationals 7 .	Phils ca n't slow down Zimmerman , hot Nationals