Nationals - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Bonifacio struck out looking . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Balester pitching for Nationals . Ramirez flied out to center . Baker struck out swinging . Cantu lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Milledge hit by pitch . Milledge stole second . Langerhans popped out to second . Casto struck out looking . Montz singled to left , Milledge scored . Bernadina grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Montz out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Balester pitching for Nationals . Jacobs grounded out to second . Uggla walked . Gonzalez flied out to left . Ross flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Balester struck out swinging . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Balester pitching for Nationals . Amezaga flied out to left . Sanchez struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman fouled out to first . Milledge struck out swinging . Langerhans walked . Casto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Baker popped out to first . Cantu flied out to left . Jacobs walked . Uggla walked , Jacobs to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Montz struck out swinging . Bernadina walked . Balester sacrificed to first , Bernadina to second . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Ross lined out to left . Amezaga flied out to left . Sanchez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez singled to right . Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Sanchez . Zimmerman flied out to center , Gonzalez to third . Milledge singled to left , Gonzalez scored . Milledge stole second . Langerhans struck out looking . Casto lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Ramirez struck out swinging . Baker struck out looking . Cantu singled to left . Jacobs lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Montz walked . Bernadina grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Montz out at second . Balester sacrificed to first , Bernadina to second . Bonifacio reached on infield single to first , Bernadina scored on throwing error by first baseman Jacobs . Gonzalez fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Uggla singled to center . Gonzalez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Uggla out at second . Ross doubled to deep left center . Amezaga tripled to deep right , Ross scored . McPherson hit for Sanchez . Hinckley pitching for Nationals . Helms hit for McPherson . Helms struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Waechter pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman reached on bunt single to pitcher . Milledge reached on bunt single to first , Zimmerman to second . Langerhans homered to right center , Zimmerman and Milledge scored . Casto hit ground rule double to deep left . Miller pitching for Marlins . Montz struck out swinging . Bernadina grounded out to second , Casto to third . Hernandez hit for Hinckley . Hernandez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Ramirez walked . Baker walked , Ramirez to second . Cantu doubled to left , Ramirez and Baker scored . Manning pitching for Nationals . Lo Duca hit for Jacobs . Lo Duca walked . Shell pitching for Nationals . Carroll ran for Lo Duca . Cantu to third , Carroll to second on wild pitch by Shell . Uggla singled to center , Cantu and Carroll scored . Gonzalez singled to right , Uggla to third . Hermida ran for Gonzalez . Ross fouled out to second . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Amezaga reached on bunt single to pitcher , Uggla scored , Hermida to second , Hermida to third on throwing error by pitcher Hanrahan . Willingham hit for Miller . Willingham singled to left , Hermida scored , Amezaga to second . Ramirez walked , Amezaga to third , Willingham to second . Baker grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Amezaga scored on error by first baseman Casto , Willingham to third , Ramirez to second . Cantu flied into double play , to right , Willingham doubled off third . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 9th . Cantu at first base . Carroll in left field . Hermida in right field . Ross in center field . Amezaga at third base . Nelson pitching for Marlins . Bonifacio walked . Gonzalez flied out to right . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bonifacio out at second . Milledge doubled to deep right center , Zimmerman scored . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Rhodes pitching for Marlins . Dukes hit for Langerhans . Dukes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 7 - Marlins 8 .	Marlins blast past Nationals with seven - run eighth