Marlins - Top 1st . Martis pitching for Nationals . Ramirez singled to center . Baker singled to left center , Ramirez to second . Cantu flied out to left . Jacobs singled to right , Ramirez scored , Baker to second . Uggla grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jacobs out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Hernandez singled to left . Gonzalez flied out to right . Zimmerman homered to left , Hernandez scored . Milledge singled to left . Milledge steals second . Milledge caught stealing third , pitcher to third . Dukes hit by pitch . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dukes out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 2nd . Martis pitching for Nationals . Willingham homered to left . Ross struck out swinging . Hermida struck out swinging . Olsen struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Harris singled to right . Nieves grounded out to third , Harris to second . Martis grounded out to second , Harris to third . Hernandez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Martis pitching for Nationals . Ramirez struck out looking . Baker grounded out to first . Cantu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez singled to center . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Gonzalez safe at third on error by third baseman Cantu . Milledge hit sacrifice fly to left , Gonzalez scored , Zimmerman to third . Dukes walked . Boone lined into double play , third to first , Dukes doubled off first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 4th . Martis pitching for Nationals . Jacobs grounded out to shortstop . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . Willingham flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Harris struck out looking . Nieves grounded out to shortstop . Martis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Martis pitching for Nationals . Ross singled to left . Hermida flied out to left . Olsen popped out to shortstop . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Hernandez lined out to left . Gonzalez doubled to deep left . Zimmerman singled to left , Gonzalez to third . Milledge singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Zimmerman to second . Dukes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Milledge out at second , Zimmerman to third . Boone struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Martis pitching for Nationals . Baker struck out swinging . Cantu walked . Jacobs walked , Cantu to second . Shell pitching for Nationals . Uggla singled to center , Cantu scored , Jacobs to second . Willingham grounded into double play , third to second to first , Uggla out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Delgado pitching for Marlins . Harris walked . Nieves sacrificed to pitcher , Harris to second . Orr hit for Shell . Orr walked . Hernandez flied out to center . Gonzalez singled to center , Harris scored , Orr to third . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Hinckley pitching for Nationals . Ross grounded out to shortstop . Hermida grounded out to first . Lo Duca hit for Delgado . Lo Duca singled to right center . Carroll ran for Lo Duca . Ramirez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . De La Cruz pitching for Marlins . Milledge grounded out to third . Dukes singled to center . Boone grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Dukes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Hinckley pitching for Nationals . Baker struck out swinging . Cantu grounded out to third . Jacobs doubled to deep left . Uggla lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . De La Cruz pitching for Marlins . Harris walked . Nieves sacrificed to pitcher , Harris to second . Bernadina hit for Hinckley . Bernadina walked . Harris stole third , Bernadina stole second . Hernandez singled to center , Harris and Bernadina scored . Hernandez to second on wild pitch by De La Cruz . Gonzalez doubled to deep left , Hernandez scored . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Gonzalez to third on passed ball by Baker . Milledge singled to center , Gonzalez scored . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Dukes flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Hanrahan pitching for Nationals . Willingham popped out to shortstop . Ross homered to left . Hermida struck out swinging . Gonzalez hit for Pinto . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 4 - Nationals 9 .	Loss to Nats knocks Marlins out of playoff chase