Marlins - Top 1st . Reyes pitching for Braves . Ramirez grounded out to third . Uggla fouled out to right . Hermida struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Seddon pitching for Marlins . Escobar singled to right . Renteria batting . Jones struck out swinging . Teixeira singled to left , Escobar to second . Francoeur singled to left , Escobar scored , Teixeira to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Reyes pitching for Braves . Cabrera grounded out to second . Willingham struck out looking . Jacobs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Seddon pitching for Marlins . McCann singled to left . Diaz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCann out at second . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Diaz safe at second on error by shortstop Ramirez . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Reyes out at second , Diaz to third . Renteria singled to right , Diaz scored , Escobar to third . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 3rd . Reyes pitching for Braves . Ross walked . Olivo walked , Ross to second . Seddon struck out swinging . Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop , Ross to third , Olivo to second . Uggla hit sacrifice fly to left , Ross scored , Olivo to third , Ramirez to second on throwing error by second baseman Escobar . Hermida flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Seddon pitching for Marlins . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . Francoeur flied out to left . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Reyes pitching for Braves . Cabrera walked . Willingham struck out looking . Jacobs singled to right , Cabrera to second . Ross flied out to left . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Seddon pitching for Marlins . McCann grounded out to shortstop . Diaz singled to left . Reyes bunt popped out foul to catcher . Diaz stole second . Escobar singled to center , Diaz scored . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Reyes pitching for Braves . Seddon grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez grounded out to third . Uggla doubled to deep center . Hermida struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Seddon pitching for Marlins . Jones walked . Teixeira singled to left center , Jones to second . Francoeur popped out to first . Jones flied out to left . McCann singled to right , Jones scored , Teixeira to third . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Diaz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Moylan pitching for Braves . Cabrera singled to right center . Willingham grounded out to second , Cabrera to second . Jacobs singled to center , Cabrera to third . Ross grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jacobs out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Orr hit for Moylan . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Orr walked . Escobar singled to left , Orr to second . Renteria sacrificed to third , Orr to third , Escobar to second . Jones intentionally walked . Teixeira batting . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Escobar out at third , Jones to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Yates pitching for Braves . Olivo flied out to center . Amezaga hit for Kensing . Amezaga reached on infield single to second . Ramirez walked , Amezaga to second . Uggla struck out swinging . Ring pitching for Braves . Hermida singled to shallow right , Amezaga to third , Ramirez to second . Acosta pitching for Braves . Cabrera singled to center , Amezaga and Ramirez scored , Hermida to third . Willingham walked , Cabrera to second . Mahay pitching for Braves . Jacobs grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Miller pitching for Marlins . Miller pitching for Marlins . Miller pitching for Marlins . Jones flied out to center . Miller pitching for Marlins . Miller pitching for Marlins . Miller pitching for Marlins . Jones flied out to center . Miller pitching for Marlins . Miller pitching for Marlins . Miller pitching for Marlins . Jones flied out to center . McCann struck out swinging . Diaz singled to right . Mahay fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Mahay pitching for Braves . Ross singled to left . Olivo struck out swinging . Wood hit for Miller . Wood grounded out to third , Ross to second . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Escobar struck out looking . Renteria singled to right . Jones grounded into double play , third to second to first , Renteria out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Soriano pitching for Braves . Uggla fouled out to first . Hermida flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 3 - Braves 4 .	Reyes notches first win as Braves hold off Marlins