Cubs - Top 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Soriano struck out looking . Theriot struck out swinging . Fukudome walked . Bradley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Weeks struck out swinging . Counsell singled to left . Braun doubled to deep left , Counsell scored . Braun stole third . Braun scored on throwing error by catcher Soto . Fielder struck out swinging . Hardy struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Hoffpauir doubled to deep right . Soto singled to left , Hoffpauir to third . Fontenot struck out looking . Scales struck out swinging . Dempster flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Hart struck out looking . Duffy grounded out to pitcher . Kendall struck out swinging , Kendall safe at first on wild pitch by Dempster . Gallardo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Soriano struck out swinging . Theriot walked . Fukudome flied out to left . Bradley walked , Theriot to second . Hoffpauir flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Weeks reached on infield single to shortstop . Counsell walked , Weeks to second . Braun walked , Weeks to third , Counsell to second . Fielder hit sacrifice fly to center , Weeks scored . Hardy fouled out to catcher . Hart grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Soto struck out looking . Fontenot doubled to right . Scales fouled out to third . Dempster walked . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Duffy struck out swinging . Kendall reached on infield single to pitcher , Kendall to second on throwing error by pitcher Dempster . Gallardo lined out to shortstop . Weeks walked . Counsell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 5th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Theriot grounded out to third . Fukudome lined out to shortstop . Bradley singled to right . Hoffpauir homered to right , Bradley scored . Soto struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Braun hit by pitch . Braun caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Fielder struck out swinging . Hardy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . McClung pitching for Brewers . Fontenot struck out swinging . Scales flied out to right . Dempster struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Hart fouled out to first . Duffy lined out to center . Kendall singled to right . McClung struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . McClung pitching for Brewers . Soriano grounded out to third . Theriot walked . Fukudome singled to right , Theriot to third . Bradley walked , Fukudome to second . Stetter pitching for Brewers . Hoffpauir struck out swinging . Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Soto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fukudome out at third , Bradley to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Weeks flied out to center . Counsell homered to right . Braun homered to left . Cotts pitching for Cubs . Fielder walked . Hardy reached on infield single to shortstop , Fielder to second . Patton pitching for Cubs . Hart singled to center , Fielder scored , Hardy to second . Duffy grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hart out at second , Hardy to third . Kendall singled to left , Hardy scored , Duffy to second . Nelson hit for Villanueva . Nelson walked , Duffy to third , Kendall to second . Weeks singled to center , Duffy scored , Kendall to third , Nelson to second . Kendall scored , Nelson to third , Weeks to second on wild pitch by Patton . Counsell grounded out to third . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Julio pitching for Brewers . Fontenot walked . Scales struck out swinging . Miles hit for Patton . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fontenot out at second . Soriano singled to left , Miles to third . Theriot hit by pitch , Soriano to second . Miles scored , Soriano to third , Theriot to second on wild pitch by Julio . Fukudome doubled to deep center , Soriano and Theriot scored . Coffey pitching for Brewers . Bradley doubled to deep center , Fukudome scored . Hoffpauir struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Fox pitching for Cubs . Braun walked . Braun to second on wild pitch by Fox . Fielder walked . Heilman pitching for Cubs . Hardy walked , Braun to third , Fielder to second . Hart walked , Braun scored , Fielder to third , Hardy to second . Duffy singled to center , Fielder scored , Hardy to third , Hart to second . Kendall hit sacrifice fly to right , Hardy scored , Hart to third . Coffey struck out looking . Weeks struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Coffey pitching for Brewers . Soto singled to left . Fontenot grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Soto out at second . Scales singled to center . Johnson hit for Heilman . Johnson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 6 - Brewers 12 .	Braun , Brewers light up injury - depleted Cubs