Cubs - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Fukudome grounded out to shortstop . Theriot struck out looking . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Cubs . Morgan doubled to left . Johnson singled to left , Morgan to third . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to center , Morgan scored . Johnson stole second . Dunn doubled to deep left center , Johnson scored . Willingham flied out to center . Harris flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Ramirez singled to center . Bradley struck out looking . Soriano struck out looking . Fontenot flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Cubs . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Nieves singled to deep right . Zimmermann sacrificed to third , Nieves to second . Morgan singled to center , Nieves scored , Morgan to second advancing on throw . Johnson singled to center , Morgan scored . Zimmerman flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Hill doubled to deep left . Wells sacrificed to third , Hill to third . Fukudome walked . Theriot tripled to deep right center , Hill and Fukudome scored . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Theriot out at home . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lee out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Cubs . Dunn walked . Willingham hit by pitch , Dunn to second . Harris flied out to center , Dunn to third . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dunn out at home , Willingham to second . Nieves grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Bradley struck out swinging . Soriano struck out swinging . Fontenot fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Zimmermann lined out to second . Morgan flied out to center . Johnson singled to right center . Johnson picked off first . Zimmerman batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Hill struck out swinging . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Fukudome singled to left . Theriot flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Wells pitching for Cubs . Zimmerman lined out to third . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Lee hit ground rule double to deep left . Ramirez safe at first on error by second baseman Harris , Lee to third . Bradley struck out swinging . Soriano homered to right center , Lee and Ramirez scored . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Fontenot singled to left . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Fontenot out at second . Baker hit for Wells . Baker grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Guzman pitching for Cubs . Harris flied out to left . Gonzalez popped out to second . Nieves doubled to deep left center . Kearns hit for Burnett . Kearns walked . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Morgan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Fukudome tripled to deep right . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . Lee struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman singled to center . Dunn walked , Zimmerman to second . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Willingham hit by pitch , Zimmerman to third , Dunn to second . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Zimmerman out at home , Dunn to third , Willingham to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Willingham out at third , Harris to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Bradley singled to center . Soriano struck out swinging . Bradley caught stealing second , catcher to second . Fontenot homered to right center . Hill singled to center . Fuld hit for Marmol . Fuld lined out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Heilman pitching for Cubs . Fuld in left field . Nieves lined out to first . Belliard hit for Bergmann . Belliard walked . Morgan singled to right center , Belliard to second , Belliard to third on error by right fielder Bradley . Johnson walked , Morgan to second . Gregg pitching for Cubs . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to right , Belliard scored , Morgan to third . Dunn walked , Johnson to second . Willingham grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 9th . Beimel pitching for Nationals . Harris in right field . Belliard at second base . Fukudome grounded out to second . Theriot grounded out to third . Lee grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Fukudome in right field . Johnson in center field . Gregg pitching for Cubs . Harris flied out to left . Gonzalez fouled out to shortstop . Nieves grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 6 - Nationals 5 .	Soriano slams HR in return as Cubs clip Nats