Cubs - Top 1st . Mock pitching for Nationals . Fukudome doubled to right . Theriot flied out to right , Fukudome to third . Lee grounded into double play , third to first , Fukudome out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Hart pitching for Cubs . Morgan reached on bunt single to pitcher . Morgan caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Johnson walked . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at second . Dunn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Mock pitching for Nationals . Hoffpauir singled to center . Fox struck out swinging . Soriano doubled to deep right , Hoffpauir to third . Fontenot doubled to left , Hoffpauir scored , Soriano to third . Hill struck out swinging . Hart struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Hart pitching for Cubs . Willingham walked . Bard singled to right , Willingham to second . Belliard flied out to center , Willingham to third . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center , Willingham scored . Mock struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Mock pitching for Nationals . Fukudome walked . Theriot grounded into double play , third to second to first , Fukudome out at second . Lee grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Hart pitching for Cubs . Morgan singled to left . Morgan stole second . Morgan stole third . Johnson walked . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to center , Morgan scored . Dunn singled to left center , Johnson to third . Willingham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Mock pitching for Nationals . Hoffpauir flied out to left . Fox safe at first on error by shortstop Gonzalez . Soriano homered to left , Fox scored . Fontenot singled to center . Fontenot to second on wild pitch by Mock . Hill walked . Hart singled to center , Fontenot scored , Hill to second . Hill to third , Hart to second on wild pitch by Mock . Fukudome singled to center , Hill scored , Hart to third . Tavarez pitching for Nationals . Theriot hit sacrifice fly to center , Hart scored , Fukudome to second on throwing error by center fielder Morgan . Lee singled to right , Fukudome scored . Hoffpauir singled to right , Lee to second . Fox singled to center , Lee scored , Hoffpauir to second . Soriano lined out to left . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 2 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Hart pitching for Cubs . Bard flied out to center . Belliard singled to deep left . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Belliard to second . Guzman hit for Tavarez . Guzman walked , Belliard to third , Gonzalez to second . Morgan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Belliard out at home , Gonzalez to third , Guzman to second . Johnson fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Villone pitching for Nationals . Fontenot singled to left center . Hill flied out to left . Hart grounded out to pitcher , Fontenot to second . Fukudome flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Hart pitching for Cubs . Zimmerman popped out to second . Dunn grounded out to second . Willingham walked . Bard flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Villone pitching for Nationals . Theriot singled to left . Lee struck out looking . Hoffpauir singled to right , Theriot to second . Fox homered to left , Theriot and Hoffpauir scored . Soriano walked . Fontenot grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Soriano out at second . Hill grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Belliard grounded out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Kearns hit for Villone . Kearns singled to left . Morgan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Kearns in center field . Samardzija grounded out to third . Fukudome walked . Blanco hit for Theriot . Blanco grounded out to first , Fukudome to second . Johnson hit for Lee . Johnson walked . Hoffpauir flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Fukudome in right field . Blanco at shortstop . Johnson in center field . Hoffpauir at first base . Fox in left field . Baker at third base . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Johnson struck out swinging . Zimmerman popped out to shortstop . Dunn homered to right . Willingham struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Hernandez in left field . Harris at second base . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Belliard at first base . Fox doubled to deep right center . Baker grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Fox out at third . Fontenot struck out swinging . Hill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Bard flied out to left . Belliard grounded out to third . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . MacDougal pitching for Nationals . Samardzija grounded out to third . Fukudome grounded out to third . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Stevens pitching for Cubs . Kearns fouled out to first . Hernandez flied out to center . Harris walked . Harris to second on fielder 's indifference . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 11 - Nationals 3 .	Soriano key as Cubs cap sweep of Nationals \n\n