Nationals - Top 1st . Harden pitching for Cubs . Harris singled to right . Guzman hit by pitch , Harris to second . Zimmerman walked , Harris to third , Guzman to second . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham hit sacrifice fly to center , Harris scored , Guzman to third . Dukes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zimmerman out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Theriot struck out swinging . Bradley struck out swinging . Lee flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Harden pitching for Cubs . Gonzalez popped out to second . Nieves grounded out to second . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . Fukudome walked . Soriano flied out to center . Baker struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Harden pitching for Cubs . Harris grounded out to shortstop . Guzman grounded out to first . Zimmerman singled to center . Dunn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Hill singled to left center . Harden bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hill out at second . Theriot flied out to right . Bradley homered to right , Harden scored . Lee safe at second on error by right fielder Dukes . Ramirez flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 4th . Harden pitching for Cubs . Willingham lined out to shortstop . Dukes singled to center . Gonzalez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dukes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Fukudome doubled to deep right . Soriano flied out to left . Baker struck out swinging . Hill intentionally walked . Harden bunt popped out foul to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Harden pitching for Cubs . Nieves singled to center . Hernandez sacrificed to first , Nieves to second . Harris struck out swinging . Nieves to third on wild pitch by Harden . Guzman singled to center , Nieves scored . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Theriot flied out to center . Bradley struck out looking . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Harden pitching for Cubs . Dunn flied out to center . Willingham walked . Dukes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Willingham out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Ramirez singled to center . Fukudome flied out to left . Soriano singled to left , Ramirez to second . Baker grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Soriano out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Guzman pitching for Cubs . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Nieves grounded out to shortstop . Morse hit for Hernandez . Morse struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Hill singled to right . Miles hit for Guzman . Miles sacrificed to first , Hill to second . Theriot singled to center , Hill to third . Bradley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hill scored , Theriot to second . Lee struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Grabow pitching for Cubs . Harris flied out to left . Guzman flied out to center . Zimmerman doubled to right . Dunn flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Villone pitching for Nationals . Fukudome singled to center . Sosa pitching for Nationals . Soriano struck out swinging . Fukudome to second on wild pitch by Sosa . Baker reached on infield single to first , Fukudome to third . Baker to second on wild pitch by Sosa . Hill doubled to right , Fukudome and Baker scored . Fontenot hit for Grabow . Fontenot doubled to deep right , Hill scored . Theriot walked . Bradley walked , Fontenot to third , Theriot to second . Lee doubled to deep left , Fontenot and Theriot scored , Bradley to third . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop , Bradley scored . Fukudome grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Ramirez out at second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Fuld in center field . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Willingham walked . Dukes walked , Willingham to second . Gonzalez walked , Willingham to third , Dukes to second . Nieves grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Willingham scored , Dukes out at third , Gonzalez to second . Belliard hit for Rivera . Belliard struck out swinging . Harris doubled to deep right , Gonzalez scored , Nieves to third . Guzman struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 4 - Cubs 9 .	Bradley 's bat comes alive as Cubs rip Nationals