Braves - Top 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Escobar flied out to right . Prado fouled out to first . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . Ludwick flied out to right . Pujols singled to deep left center , Pujols out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . McCann struck out looking . Glaus singled to left . Heyward grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Glaus out at second . Cabrera singled to right , Heyward to third . McLouth grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Holliday singled to left . Rasmus singled to right , Holliday to second . Holliday caught stealing third , catcher to third , Rasmus to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Molina lined out to left . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Hudson reached on infield single to second . Escobar flied out to center . Prado singled to right , Hudson to second . Jones walked , Hudson to third , Prado to second . McCann hit sacrifice fly to right , Hudson scored , Prado to third . Glaus singled to center , Prado scored , Jones to second . Heyward struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Ryan grounded out to shortstop . Lohse grounded out to first . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera reached on infield single to third . McLouth doubled to deep right , Cabrera scored . Hudson sacrificed to catcher , McLouth to third . Escobar walked . Prado lined into double play , third to first , Escobar doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Ludwick grounded out to third . Pujols singled to center . Pujols to second on wild pitch by Hudson . Holliday grounded out to shortstop , Pujols to third . Rasmus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Jones flied out to left . McCann flied out to left . Glaus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Molina walked . Freese grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Molina out at second . Ryan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Heyward popped out to shortstop . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . McLouth flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Jay struck out swinging . Schumaker walked . Ludwick singled to center , Schumaker to third . Pujols grounded out to shortstop , Schumaker scored , Ludwick to second . Holliday flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Hudson grounded out to third . Escobar struck out swinging . Prado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Rasmus homered to right ( 359 feet ) . Molina walked . Freese flied out to right . Molina stole second . Ryan struck out swinging . Anderson doubled to left , Molina scored . Schumaker intentionally walked . Ludwick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schumaker out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Jones grounded out to third . McCann grounded out to second . Glaus walked . Heyward walked , Glaus to second . Cabrera lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Saito pitching for Braves . Pujols doubled to left . Holliday popped out to second . Rasmus intentionally walked . Molina hit ground rule double to deep center , Pujols scored , Rasmus to third . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rasmus out at home , Molina to third . Ryan struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Diaz reached on infield single to third . Hinske grounded into double play , third to second to first , Diaz out at second . Escobar reached on infield single to second . Prado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 3 - Cardinals 4 .	Cardinals get by Braves