Astros - Top 1st . Lowe pitching for Braves . Bourn struck out looking . Keppinger grounded out to second . Lee singled to left . Berkman walked , Lee to second . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Berkman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Norris pitching for Astros . McLouth popped out to third . Prado flied out to right . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Lowe pitching for Braves . Feliz flied out to center . Matsui reached on infield single to first . Towles flied out to right . Norris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Norris pitching for Astros . McCann walked . Glaus singled to deep left , McCann to third . Heyward hit sacrifice fly to right , McCann scored , Glaus to second . Cabrera walked . Infante flied out to right , Glaus to third . Lowe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Lowe pitching for Braves . Bourn safe at first on error by shortstop Infante . Keppinger grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bourn out at second . Lee singled to left , Keppinger to second . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lee out at second , Keppinger to third . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Berkman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Norris pitching for Astros . McLouth grounded out to first . Prado struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Lowe pitching for Braves . Feliz grounded out to second . Matsui singled to center . Towles grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Norris pitching for Astros . McCann reached on infield single to shortstop . McCann to second on wild pitch by Norris . Glaus walked . Heyward doubled to left , McCann scored , Glaus to third . Cabrera singled to center , Glaus scored , Heyward to third . Infante singled to left , Heyward scored , Cabrera to second . Lowe bunted into double play , first to shortstop to third , Infante out at second , Cabrera out at third , Lowe to first . McLouth struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Lowe pitching for Braves . Norris struck out swinging . Bourn doubled to deep left . Keppinger doubled to deep left , Bourn scored . Lee flied out to left . Berkman grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Norris pitching for Astros . Prado flied out to center . Jones walked . McCann hit by pitch , Jones to second . Glaus singled to left , Jones to third , McCann to second . Heyward reached on infield single to pitcher , Jones scored , McCann tagged out at home , Glaus to second . Cabrera doubled to deep right , Glaus and Heyward scored , Cabrera to third advancing on throw . Infante struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Medlen pitching for Braves . Pence flied out to right . Feliz flied out to center . Matsui lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Medlen struck out swinging . McLouth popped out to shortstop . Prado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Medlen pitching for Braves . Towles popped out to second . Blum flied out to right . Bourn reached on infield single to shortstop . Keppinger singled to right , Bourn to second . Lee struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Jones flied out to left . McCann struck out swinging . Glaus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Saito pitching for Braves . Berkman struck out swinging . Pence grounded out to shortstop . Feliz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Lyon pitching for Astros . Heyward flied out to left . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Infante reached on infield single to shortstop . Conrad fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Wagner pitching for Braves . Michaels grounded out to shortstop . Towles fouled out to third . Blum singled to left . Bourn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 1 - Braves 7 .	Heyward , Cabrera help Braves sweep Astros