Reds - Top 1st . Hanson pitching for Braves . Cabrera singled to center . Cairo flied out to right . Votto hit by pitch , Cabrera to second . Phillips flied out to center . Bruce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Leake pitching for Reds . Prado flied out to center . Heyward lined out to first . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Hanson pitching for Braves . Hernandez singled to center . Nix struck out swinging . Stubbs popped out to second . Leake singled to center , Hernandez to second . Cabrera walked , Hernandez to third , Leake to second . Cairo singled to center , Hernandez scored , Leake to third , Cabrera to second . Votto homered to left center , Leake , Cabrera and Cairo scored . Phillips singled to right . Bruce walked , Phillips to second . Hernandez singled to center , Phillips scored , Bruce to second . Nix doubled to deep right , Bruce and Hernandez scored . Chavez pitching for Braves . Stubbs fouled out to first . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Leake pitching for Reds . McCann lined out to first . Glaus singled to center . Hinske struck out swinging . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Glaus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Chavez pitching for Braves . Leake struck out looking . Cabrera struck out swinging . Cairo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Leake pitching for Reds . McLouth grounded out to first . Chavez struck out looking . Prado hit ground rule double to deep left . Heyward safe at first on error by pitcher Leake , Prado scored . Jones struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Top 4th . Chavez pitching for Braves . Votto lined out to shortstop . Phillips lined out to right . Bruce popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Leake pitching for Reds . McCann safe at second on error by right fielder Bruce . Glaus singled to left , McCann to third . Hinske struck out swinging . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Glaus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Top 5th . Chavez pitching for Braves . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Nix homered to right . Stubbs struck out swinging . Leake doubled to deep center . Cabrera flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Leake pitching for Reds . McLouth walked . Cabrera hit for Chavez . Cabrera singled to center , McLouth to second . Prado singled to center , McLouth to third , Cabrera to second . Heyward grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McLouth and Cabrera scored on error by shortstop Cabrera , Prado safe at second on error by shortstop Cabrera . Jones struck out swinging . McCann grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Heyward out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 6th . Venters pitching for Braves . Ross catching . Cairo singled to left . Votto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cairo out at second . Phillips grounded into double play , third to second to first , Votto out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Leake pitching for Reds . Glaus grounded out to third . Hinske struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Venters pitching for Braves . Bruce struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to third . Nix singled to right . Stubbs walked , Nix to second . Owings hit for Leake . Owings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Lincoln pitching for Reds . McLouth flied out to right . Ross popped out to shortstop . Prado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Venters pitching for Braves . Cabrera singled to center . Cairo walked , Cabrera to second . Votto grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Cairo out at second , Cabrera to third . Phillips struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Lincoln pitching for Reds . Heyward grounded out to pitcher . Jones flied out to left . Infante hit for Venters . Infante flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Braves . Infante at third base . Bruce walked . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bruce safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Glaus . Nix grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hernandez out at second , Bruce to third . Stubbs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 9th . Lincoln pitching for Reds . Glaus singled to right . Hinske singled to right , Glaus to second . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop , Glaus to third , Hinske to second . McLouth singled to deep right , Glaus and Hinske scored , Escobar to third . Masset pitching for Reds . Ross walked , McLouth to second . Prado safe at first on error by third baseman Cairo , Escobar scored , McLouth to third , Ross to second . Rhodes pitching for Reds . Heyward struck out swinging . Conrad hit for Kimbrel . Cordero pitching for Reds . Conrad homered to left , McLouth , Ross and Prado scored . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Reds 9 - Braves 10 .	Braves ' walk - off slam , 7 - run 9th shock Reds