Phillies - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Victorino grounded out to second . Valdez struck out swinging . Utley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Hamels pitching for Phillies . Prado doubled to deep left . Heyward lined out to right . Jones walked . Glaus homered to left ( 399 feet ) , Prado and Jones scored . McCann struck out swinging . Escobar walked . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Infante popped out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Howard flied out to left . Werth walked . Ibanez lined out to center . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Cabrera struck out swinging . Hudson singled to center . Prado flied out to center . Heyward struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Ruiz reached on infield single to third . Durbin struck out bunting foul . Victorino struck out swinging . Valdez singled to left , Ruiz to second , Ruiz to third , Valdez to second on error by left fielder Infante . Utley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Jones struck out swinging . Glaus walked . McCann singled to center , Glaus to third . Escobar safe at first on error by third baseman Castro , Glaus scored , McCann to second . Infante singled to left , McCann scored , Escobar to third . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Howard flied out to center . Werth struck out swinging . Ibanez singled to right . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Dobbs at third base . Prado lined out to left . Heyward flied out to center . Jones flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Ruiz walked . Dobbs grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ruiz out at second . Victorino struck out swinging . Valdez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Glaus flied out to center . McCann walked . Escobar singled to center , McCann to second . Herndon pitching for Phillies . Infante walked , McCann to third , Escobar to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McCann scored , Infante out at second , Escobar to third . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Utley doubled to deep right . Howard homered to right ( 402 feet ) , Utley scored . Werth fouled out to third . Ibanez grounded out to second . Gload hit for Herndon . Gload grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Romero pitching for Phillies . Prado flied out to left . Heyward walked . Jones struck out swinging . Heyward stole second . Glaus intentionally walked . McCann fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Ruiz singled to center . Ruiz to second on wild pitch by O'Flaherty . Dobbs singled to right , Ruiz to third . Victorino fouled out to first . Valdez grounded into double play , third to second to catcher , Dobbs out at second , Ruiz out at home , Valdez to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Baez pitching for Phillies . Escobar singled to left . Infante flied out to left . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Saito pitching for Braves . Utley fouled out to left . Howard grounded out to shortstop . Werth doubled to deep right center . Ibanez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Hinske hit for Saito . Baez pitching for Phillies . Hinske singled to deep right center , Hinske to third on error by right fielder Werth . Blanco ran for Hinske . Prado hit sacrifice fly to right , Blanco scored . Heyward walked . Contreras pitching for Phillies . Francisco in left field . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Heyward out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 9th . Venters pitching for Braves . Infante at third base . Cabrera in left field . Blanco in center field . Francisco singled to right center . Ruiz walked , Francisco to second . Dobbs struck out swinging . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ruiz out at second , Francisco to third . Victorino to second on fielder 's indifference . Valdez singled to center , Francisco scored , Victorino to third . Utley hit by pitch , Valdez to second . Wagner pitching for Braves . Howard grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 3 - Braves 7 .	Braves extend lead in NL East , Phillies ' woes