Braves - Top 1st . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Prado popped out to first . Infante struck out looking . Heyward popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Hanson pitching for Braves . Furcal singled to right . Kemp grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Furcal out at second . Ethier walked . Ramirez singled to center , Ethier to second . Loney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . McCann walked . Glaus struck out looking . Hinske flied out to left . Escobar walked , McCann to second . McLouth grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Hanson pitching for Braves . Martin singled to right . Carroll grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Martin out at second . DeWitt singled to right center . Billingsley doubled to deep center , DeWitt scored . Furcal struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Hanson struck out looking . Prado singled to right center . Infante lined out to left . Heyward singled to right center , Prado to third . McCann grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Heyward out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Hanson pitching for Braves . Kemp tripled to deep center . Ethier hit sacrifice fly to left , Kemp scored . Ramirez doubled to deep right . Loney hit by pitch . Martin flied out to right . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Loney out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . Hinske grounded out to first . Escobar singled to right center . McLouth lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Hanson pitching for Braves . DeWitt flied out to center . Billingsley struck out looking . Furcal grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Hanson grounded out to second . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Infante singled to center . Heyward grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Hanson pitching for Braves . Kemp flied out to right . Ethier walked . Ramirez struck out looking . Ethier stole second . Loney grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . McCann struck out swinging . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . Hinske struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Hanson pitching for Braves . Martin grounded out to third . Carroll singled to right . DeWitt struck out looking . Billingsley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Escobar singled to center . McLouth singled to right center , Escobar to third . Conrad hit for Hanson . Conrad singled to center , Escobar scored , McLouth to second . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Prado sacrificed to first , McLouth to third , Conrad to second . Infante singled to left , McLouth and Conrad scored . Heyward walked , Infante to second . McCann doubled to deep left , Infante and Heyward scored , McCann to third advancing on throw . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Glaus homered to center ( 398 feet ) , McCann scored . Hinske singled to right . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hinske out at second . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Venters pitching for Braves . Cabrera in left field . Furcal singled to left . Kemp struck out swinging . Ethier struck out swinging . Furcal to second on wild pitch by Venters . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Haeger pitching for Dodgers . McLouth walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . Prado singled to right center , McLouth to second . Infante walked , McLouth to third , Prado to second . Heyward struck out swinging . McCann singled to deep right center , McLouth and Prado scored , Infante to third . Glaus flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Moylan pitching for Braves . Loney grounded out to third . Martin struck out swinging . Carroll struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Blanco hit for Moylan . Haeger pitching for Dodgers . Blanco singled to right . Escobar struck out looking . McLouth flied out to center . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Blanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Braves . DeWitt doubled to deep right . Anderson hit for Haeger . Anderson struck out swinging , Anderson safe at first on passed ball by McCann , DeWitt to third on passed ball . Furcal reached on infield single to shortstop , DeWitt scored , Anderson to second . Kemp struck out swinging . Ethier flied out to left . Ramirez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 9 - Dodgers 3 .	Braves reel off 7 runs in seventh , drop Dodgers