Nationals - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Bernadina flied out to center . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Infante flied out to right . Heyward struck out swinging . Prado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Dunn grounded out to first . Rodriguez singled to right center . Kennedy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . McCann grounded out to second . Hinske popped out to second . Cabrera doubled to deep right . Gonzalez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Morse singled to right . Harris singled to right , Morse to second . Hernandez struck out bunting foul . Bernadina singled to right , Morse scored , Harris to third , Bernadina thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Desmond walked . Zimmerman singled to left , Harris scored , Desmond to second . Dunn struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Ankiel grounded out to first . Hudson flied out to center . Infante singled to center . Heyward grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Kennedy singled to left . Morse singled to right , Kennedy to second . Harris grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Morse out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Prado doubled to deep left . McCann walked . Hinske walked , Prado to third , McCann to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Prado scored , Hinske out at second , McCann to third . Gonzalez singled to right , McCann scored . Ankiel grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Bernadina bunt grounded out to pitcher . Desmond grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Hudson singled to left . Infante grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hudson out at second . Heyward grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Zimmerman singled to right . Dunn grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Zimmerman out at second . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Prado singled to right . McCann flied out to center , Prado thrown out at second . Hinske popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Kennedy walked . Morse grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kennedy out at second . Harris flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Cabrera flied out to right . Gonzalez singled to left . Ankiel singled to shallow right , Gonzalez to second . Conrad hit for Hudson . Conrad singled to right center , Gonzalez to third , Ankiel to second . Infante lined out to pitcher . Heyward flied out to right . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Venters pitching for Braves . Maxwell hit for Hernandez . Maxwell struck out swinging . Bernadina grounded out to first . Desmond reached on infield single to second . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez at third base . Prado walked . McCann grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Prado out at second . Hicks ran for McCann . Hinske fouled out to catcher . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Wagner pitching for Braves . Ross catching . Dunn struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Kennedy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Ankiel singled to right . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Ross walked , Ankiel to second . Infante struck out swinging . Heyward singled to center , Ankiel scored , Ross to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 2 - Braves 3 .	Heyward helps Braves beat Nats in final at - bat