Reds - Top 1st. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Naquin grounded out to second. Castellanos grounded out to third. Votto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Hoffman pitching for Reds. Locastro singled to center. Locastro picked off first. Calhoun grounded out to second. Walker flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Suárez walked. Moustakas doubled to right, Suárez to third. Senzel singled to right, Suárez scored, Moustakas to third. Senzel picked off and caught stealing second. India singled to right, Moustakas scored. Barnhart struck out swinging. Hoffman flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Hoffman pitching for Reds. Peralta lined out to center. Cabrera walked. Escobar popped out to third. Ahmed walked, Cabrera to second. Vogt flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Naquin grounded out to first. Castellanos flied out to right. Votto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Hoffman pitching for Reds. Smith struck out looking. Locastro reached on infield single to shortstop. Calhoun struck out swinging. Walker singled to right, Locastro to third. Peralta flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Suárez reached on infield single to catcher. Moustakas reached on infield single to shortstop, Suárez to second. Senzel lined out to right, Suárez to third. India grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Moustakas out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Hoffman pitching for Reds. Cabrera homered to right (389 feet). Escobar grounded out to second. Ahmed grounded out to second. Vogt walked. Smith flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Barnhart struck out swinging. Hoffman grounded out to third. Naquin singled to center. Castellanos grounded into fielder's choice to third, Naquin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Hoffman pitching for Reds. Locastro singled to right center. Calhoun popped out to third. Walker reached on infield single to shortstop, Locastro to second. Pérez pitching for Reds. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Walker to second, Locastro to third. Cabrera walked, Locastro scored, Peralta to second, Walker to third. Escobar reached on infield single to second, Walker scored, Cabrera to second, Peralta to third. Ahmed fouled out to catcher. Vogt reached on infield single to second, Cabrera scored, Peralta scored and Escobar scored on fielding error by center fielder Senzel. Smith lined out to center. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 6th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Votto singled to right center. Suárez flied out to right. Moustakas popped out to shortstop. Senzel singled to right, Votto to third. Senzel stole second. India lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Fulmer pitching for Reds. Locastro singled to shallow left center. Locastro stole second. Locastro to third on wild pitch by Fulmer. Calhoun struck out swinging. Walker hit sacrifice fly to center, Locastro scored. Peralta struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Barnhart flied out to center. Farmer hit for Fulmer. Farmer grounded out to shortstop. Naquin doubled to deep left. Castellanos lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Romano pitching for Reds. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Escobar homered to center (436 feet). Ahmed flied out to right. Vogt lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Votto grounded out to shortstop. Suárez homered to right (418 feet). Moustakas grounded out to second. Senzel singled to left. India struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. VanMeter hit for Clarke. Romano pitching for Reds. VanMeter struck out looking. Locastro struck out looking. Calhoun safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Votto, Calhoun safe at second on error. Walker grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 9th. López pitching for Diamondbacks. Barnhart hit ground rule double to deep right. Aquino hit for Romano. Aquino struck out looking. Naquin grounded out to shortstop, Barnhart to third. Castellanos grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 3 - Diamondbacks 8.	Smith solid in 1st start as Diamondbacks cool off Reds, 8-3