Rockies - Top 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Hampson popped out to shortstop. McMahon struck out swinging. Story doubled to center. Cron singled to left, Story scored. Blackmon popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Gray pitching for Rockies. Smith struck out swinging. VanMeter struck out looking. Cabrera walked. Peralta lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Daza singled to left. Daza to second on balk. Fuentes fouled out to catcher. Díaz flied out to right, Daza to third. Gray struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Gray pitching for Rockies. Kelly safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Story. Escobar grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Kelly out at second. Ahmed reached on bunt single to catcher. Rojas grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Hampson bunt popped out to first. McMahon walked. Story popped out to shortstop. Cron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Gray pitching for Rockies. Bumgarner singled to left. Smith flied out to left. VanMeter grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bumgarner out at second. Cabrera doubled to right, VanMeter scored. Peralta singled to center, Cabrera scored. Kelly singled to center, Peralta to second. Escobar singled to right center, Peralta scored, Kelly to third. Kelly scored on error, Ahmed safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Fuentes, Escobar to second. Rojas grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon lined out to center. Daza grounded out to shortstop. Fuentes singled to left. Díaz lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Bumgarner grounded out to third. Smith tripled to right. VanMeter flied out to right. Cabrera reached on infield single to second, Smith scored. Peralta lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Gray struck out swinging. Hampson struck out looking. McMahon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Kelly singled to center. Escobar flied out to left. Ahmed grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kelly out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Story walked. Cron singled to center, Story to second. Blackmon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cron out at second, Story to third. Daza struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Rojas struck out looking. Clarke reached on infield single to second, Clarke safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Story. Smith flied out to left. Clarke to third on passed ball by Díaz. VanMeter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 7th. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Fuentes singled to right. Díaz flied out to center, Fuentes to second. Tapia hit for Gray. Al. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Tapia singled to left, Fuentes scored. Hampson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tapia out at second. McMahon struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Kinley pitching for Rockies. Cabrera walked. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera out at second. Kelly grounded into double play, third to second to first, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Story struck out swinging. Cron grounded out to pitcher. Blackmon lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Sheffield pitching for Rockies. Escobar singled to center. Ahmed struck out swinging. Rojas homered to left (409 feet), Escobar scored. Varsho hit for Al. Young. Varsho struck out swinging. Smith walked. VanMeter flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks. Daza singled to right. Fuentes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Daza out at second. Díaz grounded out to third, Fuentes to second. Adams hit for Sheffield. Adams flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 2 - Diamondbacks 7.	D-Backs' Bumgarner wins 3rd straight start, 7-2 over Rockies