Angels - Top 1st. Duplantier pitching for Diamondbacks. Upton singled to left center. Walsh grounded out to second, Upton to second. Stassi homered to center (440 feet), Upton scored. Rendon fouled out to shortstop. Iglesias grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Sandoval pitching for Angels. Kelly struck out swinging. Marte reached on infield single to pitcher. Escobar popped out to third. Walker grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Duplantier pitching for Diamondbacks. Ward singled to right. Lagares flied out to center. Sandoval singled to center, Ward to third. Fletcher sacrificed, Ward scored, Sandoval to second. Upton singled to center, Sandoval scored and Fletcher scored on fielding error by center fielder Marte, Upton to second. Walsh doubled to deep right, Upton scored. Stassi hit by pitch. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Rendon struck out looking. Iglesias grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Sandoval pitching for Angels. Cabrera struck out swinging. Smith lined out to third. Reddick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Ward lined out to shortstop. Lagares grounded out to third. Sandoval grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Sandoval pitching for Angels. Ahmed grounded out to third. Smith grounded out to shortstop. Kelly flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Fletcher flied out to right. Upton struck out looking. Walsh flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Sandoval pitching for Angels. Marte singled to left. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Marte out at second. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Escobar out at second. Cabrera reached on infield single to second, Walker to second. Smith singled to shallow left, Walker scored, Cabrera to second. Reddick grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Stassi struck out looking. Rendon flied out to center. Iglesias flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Sandoval pitching for Angels. Ahmed grounded out to third. Smith struck out swinging. Kelly lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Ward doubled to deep left. Lagares doubled to left, Ward scored. Sandoval struck out swinging. Fletcher doubled to deep left, Lagares scored. Upton singled to left, Fletcher to third. Walsh struck out looking. Stassi flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Sandoval pitching for Angels. Marte struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to center. Walker fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Buchter pitching for Diamondbacks. Rendon grounded out to third. Iglesias flied out to left. Ward walked. Lagares flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Sandoval pitching for Angels. Cabrera walked. Smith walked, Cabrera to second. Cishek pitching for Angels. Reddick struck out swinging. Peralta hit for Ahmed. Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop, Cabrera scored, Smith to second. Rojas hit for Buchter. Rojas lined out to second. Kelly flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks. Rojas at shortstop. Ohtani struck out swinging. Fletcher singled to right center. Fletcher to second on wild pitch by Ginkel. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Walsh homered to right (431 feet), Fletcher scored. Stassi popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Guerra pitching for Angels. Marte walked. Escobar singled to right, Marte to second. Walker flied out to center, Marte to third. Cabrera grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Locastro in center field. Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks. Rendon singled to center. Iglesias grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rendon out at second. Ward flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Guerra pitching for Angels. Smith grounded out to first. Reddick lined out to center. Vargas hit for Ginkel. Vargas singled to left. Vargas to second on fielder's indifference. Rojas walked. Kelly singled to left center, Vargas scored, Rojas to second. Locastro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kelly out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 10 - Diamondbacks 3.	Angels roll to 10-3 win, send D-backs to 10th straight loss