Giants - Top 1st. Faria pitching for Diamondbacks. Wade Jr singled to right. Estrada singled to center, Wade Jr to second. Yastrzemski struck out looking. Dickerson walked, Estrada to second, Wade Jr to third. Crawford flied out to left. Solano grounded into fielder's choice to third, Estrada out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Long pitching for Giants. Ahmed singled to center. Rojas grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ahmed out at second. Cabrera singled to left, Rojas to second. Walker struck out swinging. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Long, Rojas to third on wild pitch by Long. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Faria pitching for Diamondbacks. Duggar grounded out to first. Casali grounded out to shortstop. Long grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Long pitching for Giants. Peralta struck out swinging. Reddick popped out to shortstop. Varsho flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Faria pitching for Diamondbacks. Wade Jr flied out to left. Estrada walked. Yastrzemski homered to right (380 feet), Estrada scored. Dickerson singled to center. Dickerson to second on wild pitch by Faria. Crawford tripled to deep center, Dickerson scored. Solano singled to right, Crawford scored. Duggar flied out to left. Casali doubled to left, Solano to third. Long struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Long pitching for Giants. Faria doubled to left. Ahmed walked. Rojas struck out looking. Cabrera singled to center, Faria scored, Ahmed to second. Walker singled to right center, Ahmed scored, Walker to second, Cabrera to third. Smith struck out swinging. Peralta struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Faria pitching for Diamondbacks. Wade Jr grounded out to first. Estrada popped out to second. Yastrzemski struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Long pitching for Giants. Reddick grounded out to first. Varsho grounded out to second. Young hit for Faria. Young hit ground rule double to deep right center. Ahmed homered to right (379 feet), Young scored. Rojas grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Slater hit for Dickerson. Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks. Slater grounded out to shortstop. Crawford singled to deep right. Solano singled to right, Crawford to second. Duggar struck out swinging. Castellanos pitching for Diamondbacks. Casali grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Slater in left field. Littell pitching for Giants. Cabrera singled to right center. Walker struck out swinging. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera to second, Smith second, Cabrera safe at third on fielding error by first baseman Wade Jr. Wade Jr in left field. Slater in center field. Álvarez pitching for Giants. Ruf at first base. Peralta singled to shallow right center, Cabrera scored, Smith to third. Reddick struck out swinging. Varsho grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 6th. Castellanos pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruf walked. Wade Jr lined out to right. Estrada walked, Ruf to second. Yastrzemski flied out to left. Slater grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Estrada out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. VanMeter hit for Castellanos. Alvarez pitching for Giants. VanMeter lined out to shortstop. Ahmed struck out swinging. Rojas reached first base on catcher's interference, Rojas to first on error by catcher Casali. Rojas stole second. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford singled to right. Solano hit by pitch, Crawford to second. Flores hit for Álvarez. Flores struck out swinging. Casali grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Solano out at second, Crawford to third. Ruf struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Flores at first base. Leone pitching for Giants. Walker struck out swinging. Smith walked. Peralta flied out to left, Smith safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Crawford. Reddick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 8th. Davis hit for Wade Jr. Smith in right field. Buchter pitching for Diamondbacks. Heath in center field. Davis flied out to right. Estrada walked. Estrada picked off first. Yastrzemski walked. Slater homered to center (463 feet), Yastrzemski scored. Crawford walked. Solano singled to left center, Crawford to second. Flores struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Davis in left field. Rogers pitching for Giants. Varsho lined out to right. Escobar hit for Heath. Escobar singled to left. Ahmed lined out to left. Rojas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Rojas in right field. Smith in center field. de Geus pitching for Diamondbacks. Escobar at second base. Casali singled to left. Posey hit for Rogers. Posey grounded into double play, third to second to first, Casali out at second. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. McGee pitching for Giants. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. Walker flied out to right. Smith struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 6 - Diamondbacks 5.	Slater hits late 2-run homer, Giants beat Diamondbacks 6-5