Rockies - Top 1st. Castellanos pitching for Diamondbacks. Tapia walked. Hampson flied out to right. Story struck out looking. Blackmon singled to center, Tapia to third. Rodgers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Rojas lined out to shortstop. Peralta lined out to center. Escobar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Castellanos pitching for Diamondbacks. McMahon singled to right. Cron lined out to left. Díaz singled to left, McMahon to second. Senzatela sacrificed to pitcher, Díaz to second, McMahon to third. Tapia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Walker reached on infield single to third. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Walker out at second. Smith singled to shallow left, Cabrera to second. Ahmed singled to center, Cabrera scored, Smith to second. Varsho singled to right, Smith scored, Ahmed to third. Castellanos hit sacrifice fly to center, Ahmed scored. Rojas struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Castellanos pitching for Diamondbacks. Hampson grounded out to shortstop. Story reached on infield single to shortstop. Story stole second. Blackmon grounded out to pitcher, Story to third. Rodgers grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Peralta grounded out to pitcher. Escobar singled to shallow center. Walker struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Castellanos pitching for Diamondbacks. McMahon fouled out to left. Cron hit by pitch. Díaz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cron out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Smith struck out swinging. Ahmed grounded out to pitcher. Varsho walked. Young hit for Castellanos. Young struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks. Senzatela struck out swinging. Tapia struck out swinging. Hampson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Rojas grounded out to second. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Escobar singled to center. Walker struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks. Story flied out to right. Blackmon reached on infield single to third. Rodgers flied out to center. McMahon reached on infield single to third, Blackmon to second. Cron grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McMahon out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Cabrera grounded out to second. Smith doubled to right center. Ahmed lined out to right. Varsho popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks. Díaz homered to left (426 feet). Owings hit for Senzatela. Owings grounded out to shortstop. Tapia walked. Hampson fouled out to catcher. Story grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tapia out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Gilbreath pitching for Rockies. Fairchild hit for Peacock. Fairchild singled to left center. Rojas walked, Fairchild to second. Peralta fouled out to third. Kinley pitching for Rockies. Escobar homered to right (439 feet), Fairchild scored and Rojas scored. Walker struck out looking. Cabrera flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith at first base. Fairchild in center field. Blackmon reached on infield single to catcher. Rodgers safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed, Rodgers safe at second on error, Blackmon safe at third on error. Blackmon scored, Rodgers picked off third. McMahon hit ground rule double to deep left, Rodgers scored. de Geus pitching for Diamondbacks. Cron singled to center, McMahon scored. Díaz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cron out at second. Fuentes hit for Kinley. Fuentes lined out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Givens pitching for Rockies. Smith flied out to center. Ahmed lined out to left. Varsho lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Diamondbacks. Tapia struck out looking. Hampson flied out to center. Story struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Diamondbacks 6.	Escobar hits 3-run homer, Diamondbacks beat Rockies 6-4