Pirates - Top 1st. Widener pitching for Diamondbacks. Frazier singled to right. Hayes struck out swinging. Reynolds flied out to left. Gamel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Pirates. Ahmed struck out swinging. Rojas lined out to center. Escobar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Widener pitching for Diamondbacks. Nogowski struck out looking. Polanco lined out to center. Difo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Pirates. Walker struck out swinging. An. Young struck out swinging. Reddick lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Widener pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez doubled to deep right. Anderson reached on bunt single to pitcher, Perez to third. Frazier struck out swinging. Hayes struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Pirates. Fairchild flied out to left. Varsho struck out looking. Widener struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Widener pitching for Diamondbacks. Gamel struck out swinging. Nogowski walked. Polanco homered to right (414 feet), Nogowski scored. Difo flied out to left. Perez doubled to deep left. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Pirates. Ahmed lined out to right. Rojas singled to center. Escobar doubled to right, Rojas scored. Walker flied out to left. An. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Escobar out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Widener pitching for Diamondbacks. Frazier singled to center. Hayes singled to center, Frazier to second. Reynolds flied out to right, Frazier to third. Gamel grounded into fielder's choice to second, Frazier scored, Hayes out at second. Nogowski homered to left (387 feet), Gamel scored. Faria pitching for Diamondbacks. VanMeter at second base. Polanco struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Pirates. Reddick singled to right. Fairchild struck out swinging. Varsho singled to left, Reddick to second. VanMeter singled to right, Varsho to second, Reddick to third. Ahmed singled to right, Reddick scored, VanMeter to second, Varsho to third. Rojas grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Varsho out at home. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Faria pitching for Diamondbacks. Difo struck out swinging. Perez grounded out to first. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Anderson pitching for Pirates. Escobar walked. Walker doubled to deep left, Escobar scored. Calhoun hit for Faria. Calhoun grounded out to second, Walker to third. Reddick popped out to third. Fairchild flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Calhoun in right field. Reddick in center field. Bukauskas pitching for Diamondbacks. Frazier grounded out to third. Hayes struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Davis pitching for Pirates. Varsho walked. VanMeter tripled to deep right center, Varsho scored. Ahmed singled to right, VanMeter scored. Rojas walked, Ahmed to second. Escobar flied out to left. Holmes pitching for Pirates. Walker walked, Rojas to second, Ahmed to third. Calhoun struck out swinging. Reddick singled to left center, Ahmed scored and Rojas scored, Walker to third. Peralta hit for Bukauskas. Peralta singled to left center, Walker scored, Reddick to third. Varsho reached on infield single to shortstop, Reddick scored, Peralta to second. VanMeter doubled to deep center, Varsho scored and Peralta scored. Ahmed walked. Rojas struck out swinging. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta in left field. Gamel singled to left center. Nogowski singled to center, Gamel to second. Polanco grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Nogowski out at second, Gamel to third. Difo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Mears pitching for Pirates. Escobar struck out swinging. Walker struck out looking. Calhoun flied out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez grounded out to second. Evans hit for Mears. Evans doubled to right. Frazier grounded out to second, Evans to third. Hayes singled to center, Evans scored. Reynolds singled to right, Hayes to second. Gamel lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 6 - Diamondbacks 11.	D'backs win 3rd straight, score 8 in 7th to top Pirates 11-6