Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Weathers pitching for Padres. Ahmed grounded out to third. Marte struck out looking. Calhoun flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Pham struck out looking. Frazier singled to left. Frazier to second on pickoff error by pitcher Smith. Machado struck out swinging. Cronenworth walked. Myers walked, Cronenworth to second, Frazier to third. Hosmer popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Weathers pitching for Padres. Kelly flied out to left. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Walker grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Nola walked. Grisham homered to right (335 feet), Nola scored. Weathers walked. Pham walked, Weathers to second. Frazier walked, Pham to second, Weathers to third. Machado popped out to shortstop. Cronenworth doubled to deep left center, Weathers scored and Pham scored, Frazier to third. Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks. Myers grounded out to shortstop, Frazier scored, Cronenworth to third. Hosmer grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Weathers pitching for Padres. Smith singled to right. Hager walked, Smith to second. Peacock grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hager out at second, Smith to third. Ahmed doubled to deep left center, Smith scored. Marte singled to left, Ahmed scored. Calhoun flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks. Nola reached on infield single to third. Grisham struck out swinging. Weathers struck out bunting foul. Pham grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Weathers pitching for Padres. Kelly singled to center. Cabrera reached on infield single to third, Kelly to second. Walker singled to center, Kelly scored, Cabrera to third. Smith singled to right, Cabrera scored, Walker to third. Stammen pitching for Padres. Hager walked, Smith to second. Peacock singled to center, Smith scored and Walker scored, Hager to third. Peacock stole second. Ahmed singled to center, Hager scored and Peacock scored. Marte lined out to right. Calhoun reached on infield single to third, Ahmed to second. Kelly singled to left, Calhoun to second, Ahmed to third. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kelly out at second. 6 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks. Frazier lined out to center. Machado grounded out to second. Cronenworth grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Knehr pitching for Padres. Walker struck out swinging. Smith popped out to second. Hager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks. Myers struck out swinging. Hosmer grounded out to catcher. Nola grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Knehr pitching for Padres. Peacock flied out to center. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Marte flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks. Grisham singled to right. Kim hit for Knehr. Kim fouled out to first. Pham struck out swinging. Frazier singled to left, Grisham to second. Machado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Frazier out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Strahm pitching for Padres. Calhoun grounded out to second. Kelly grounded out to second. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks. Cronenworth flied out to center. Myers popped out to second. Hosmer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Padres. Walker lined out to center. Smith struck out looking. Hager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Poppen pitching for Diamondbacks. VanMeter at second base. Nola singled to center. Grisham lined out to left. Caratini hit for Johnson. Caratini struck out swinging. Nola to second on wild pitch by Poppen. Pham grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Pagán pitching for Padres. VanMeter flied out to left. Ahmed grounded out to second. Marte doubled to deep right. Hill pitching for Padres. Calhoun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Poppen pitching for Diamondbacks. Frazier singled to shallow left center. Machado fouled out to first. Cronenworth grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Frazier out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 8 - Padres 5.	Ahmed, D-backs rally for 6 runs in 4th to stun Padres 8-5