Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Darvish pitching for Padres. VanMeter struck out swinging. Smith struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Widener pitching for Diamondbacks. Pham struck out swinging. Frazier flied out to center. Machado homered to left (408 feet). Cronenworth struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Darvish pitching for Padres. Calhoun singled to deep right. Peralta struck out swinging. Walker homered to left center (428 feet), Calhoun scored. Varsho struck out swinging. Ahmed struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Widener pitching for Diamondbacks. Hosmer homered to right (413 feet). Myers struck out looking. Grisham hit by pitch. Caratini grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Grisham out at second. Darvish grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Caratini out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Darvish pitching for Padres. Widener struck out swinging. VanMeter struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Widener pitching for Diamondbacks. Pham doubled to left. Frazier grounded out to second, Pham to third. Machado struck out swinging. Cronenworth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Darvish pitching for Padres. Cabrera struck out swinging. Calhoun grounded out to first. Peralta reached on infield single to second. Peralta to second on wild pitch by Darvish. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Widener pitching for Diamondbacks. Hosmer walked. Myers singled to left, Hosmer to second. Grisham walked, Myers to second, Hosmer to third. Caratini popped out to shortstop. Darvish grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Grisham out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Darvish pitching for Padres. Varsho grounded out to second. Ahmed struck out swinging. Widener struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Widener pitching for Diamondbacks. Pham struck out looking. Frazier fouled out to third. Machado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Darvish pitching for Padres. VanMeter grounded out to second. Smith struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks. Cronenworth grounded out to first. Hosmer grounded out to shortstop. Myers struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Darvish pitching for Padres. Calhoun singled to deep right. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Calhoun out at second. Walker flied out to left. Varsho grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Gilbert pitching for Diamondbacks. Grisham singled to left. Caratini struck out swinging. Kim hit for Darvish. Kim walked, Grisham to second. Pham grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Kim out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Pomeranz pitching for Padres. Ahmed grounded out to third. Marte hit for Gilbert. Marte lined out to right. VanMeter singled to left. Kelly hit for Smith. VanMeter picked off and caught stealing second. Drew Pomeranz pitches to Carson Kelly. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. de Geus pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte in center field. Frazier singled to center. Frazier stole second. Machado singled to center, Frazier scored. Machado to second on pickoff error by pitcher de Geus. Cronenworth intentionally walked. Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks. Hosmer struck out swinging. Myers singled to left, Cronenworth to second, Machado to third. Grisham walked, Machado scored, Myers to second, Cronenworth to third. Nola hit for Caratini. Nola singled to right, Cronenworth scored and Myers scored, Grisham to third. Marisnick hit for Pomeranz. Marisnick struck out swinging. Pham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nola out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Melancon pitching for Padres. Ellis hit for Mantiply. Nola catching. Marisnick in left field. Ellis walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Ellis out at second. Calhoun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 2 - Padres 6.	Darvish Ks 12, Machado helps Padres beat Diamondbacks 6-2