Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Ahmed struck out swinging. Marte popped out to first. Rojas lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Segura singled to right. Realmuto walked, Segura to second. Harper sacrificed to pitcher, Realmuto to second, Segura to third. McCutchen singled to left, Segura scored, Realmuto to third. Bonifacio walked, McCutchen to second. Galvis hit sacrifice fly to center, Realmuto scored, McCutchen to third. Torreyes flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Kelly singled to center. Walker flied out to right. Young singled to center, Kelly to second. Ellis flied out to left. McCarthy doubled to right, Kelly scored, Young to third. Bumgarner struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Marchan grounded out to second. Suárez struck out swinging. Segura flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Ahmed flied out to center. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Rojas singled to right. Kelly fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Realmuto singled to deep left, Realmuto out stretching at second. Harper struck out swinging. McCutchen walked. Bonifacio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Walker struck out swinging. Young grounded out to second. Ellis walked. McCarthy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Galvis flied out to right. Torreyes grounded out to catcher. Marchan singled to left. Suárez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Bumgarner struck out swinging. Ahmed grounded out to third. Marte singled to left. Rojas grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks. Segura singled to center. Realmuto flied out to left. Harper singled to right, Segura to second. McCutchen walked, Harper to second, Segura to third. Bonifacio grounded out to first, Segura scored, McCutchen to second, Harper to third. Galvis singled to center, Harper scored and McCutchen scored. Torreyes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Galvis out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Miller at first base. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Kelly struck out swinging. Walker walked. Hammer pitching for Phillies. Young flied out to right. Ellis fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Ramirez pitching for Diamondbacks. Marchan grounded out to third. Herrera hit for Hammer. Herrera singled to left. Segura flied out to center. Herrera stole second. Miller grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Brogdon pitching for Phillies. McCarthy struck out swinging. Smith hit for Ramirez. Smith doubled to center. Ahmed doubled to deep left center, Smith scored. Marte walked. Rojas grounded out to second, Marte to second, Ahmed to third. Kelly popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Faria pitching for Diamondbacks. Harper doubled to right. McCutchen flied out to center, Harper to third. Bonifacio flied into double play, right to catcher, Harper thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Bradley pitching for Phillies. Jankowski in center field. Walker struck out swinging. Young grounded out to second. Peralta hit for Ellis. Peralta singled to right. McCarthy singled to right, Peralta to second. VanMeter hit for Faria. VanMeter walked, McCarthy to second, Peralta to third. Ahmed singled to left, McCarthy scored and Peralta scored, VanMeter to second. Neris pitching for Phillies. Marte flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Rojas at third base. Peralta in left field. Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks. Galvis safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Rojas. Torreyes grounded out to pitcher, Galvis to second. Marchan tripled to deep center, Galvis scored. Jankowski tripled to right, Marchan scored. Segura intentionally walked. Miller flied out to left. Harper grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Kennedy pitching for Phillies. Rojas struck out swinging. Kelly lined out to left. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Phillies 7.	Galvis, Suarez lead Phillies over Arizona for 3rd win in row