Rangers - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks. Taveras flied out to center. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to shortstop. García grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Arihara pitching for Rangers. Rojas grounded out to first. Marte struck out swinging. VanMeter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks. Peters struck out swinging. Lowe lined out to left. Solak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Arihara pitching for Rangers. Peralta homered to right (404 feet). Ramos singled to shallow left. Walker grounded out to catcher, Ramos to second. Varsho doubled to deep left, Ramos scored. Ahmed struck out swinging. Weaver grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández lined out to first. Trevino grounded out to shortstop. Arihara grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Arihara pitching for Rangers. Rojas grounded out to first. Marte grounded out to second. VanMeter lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks. Taveras tripled to deep center. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to third, Taveras scored. García flied out to right. Peters singled to center. Lowe tripled to deep right, Peters scored. Solak reached on infield single to shortstop, Lowe scored. Solak stole second. Solak to third on passed ball by Varsho. Hernández walked. Hernández stole second. Trevino intentionally walked. Arihara struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Arihara pitching for Rangers. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Ramos grounded out to first. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks. Taveras grounded out to first. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to third. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Arihara pitching for Rangers. Varsho doubled to deep center. Ahmed grounded out to third, Varsho to third. Smith hit for Weaver. Smith grounded out to second. Rojas walked. Santana pitching for Rangers. Marte lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Faria pitching for Diamondbacks. Peters popped out to second. Lowe singled to center. Solak reached on infield single to third, Lowe to second. Hernández walked, Solak to second, Lowe to third. Trevino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lowe scored, Hernández out at second, Solak to third. Pozo hit for Santana. Pozo doubled to deep left center, Solak scored, Trevino to third. Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks. Taveras lined out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Cotton pitching for Rangers. VanMeter reached on infield single to shortstop. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, VanMeter out at second. Ramos flied out to center. Peralta to second on wild pitch by Cotton. Walker singled to left, Peralta scored. Varsho struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Sittinger pitching for Diamondbacks. Kiner-Falefa walked. García grounded into double play, second to first, Kiner-Falefa out at second. Peters grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Sborz pitching for Rangers. Ahmed grounded out to third. McCarthy hit for Sittinger. McCarthy walked. Rojas flied out to center. McCarthy to second on wild pitch by Sborz. McCarthy to third on wild pitch by Sborz. Marte walked. Kelly hit for VanMeter. Martin pitching for Rangers. Kelly grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Marte out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Rojas at third base. Marte at second base. Kelly catching. Varsho in center field. Widener pitching for Diamondbacks. Lowe doubled to deep center. Solak walked. Hernández sacrificed to third, Solak to second, Lowe to third. Trevino singled to center, Lowe scored and Solak scored. Martin hit for Martin. Martin hit ground rule double to deep right center, Trevino to third. Aguilar pitching for Diamondbacks. Taveras lined out to shortstop. Kiner-Falefa reached on infield single to shortstop, Trevino scored, Martin out at home in rundown. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Patton pitching for Rangers. Peralta grounded out to first. Ramos grounded out to first. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. de Geus pitching for Diamondbacks. García flied out to left. Peters lined out to center. Lowe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Evans pitching for Rangers. Varsho flied out to center. Ahmed homered to left (398 feet). Young hit for de Geus. Young flied out to right. Rojas singled to left. Rojas to second on fielder's indifference. Marte singled to deep right, Rojas scored. Barlow pitching for Rangers. Marte to second on fielder's indifference. Kelly popped out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 8 - Diamondbacks 5.	Lowe helps power Rangers sweep past Diamondbacks 8-5