Reds - Top 1st. Cumpton pitching for Pirates. Hamilton doubled to left. Frazier bunt popped out to pitcher. Hamilton stole third. Votto singled to right, Hamilton scored. Phillips lined out to shortstop. Bruce grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Cueto pitching for Reds. Polanco lined out to center. Marte grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Cumpton pitching for Pirates. Ludwick singled to center. Pena lined into double play, second to first, Ludwick doubled off first. Cozart lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Cueto pitching for Reds. Davis grounded out to second. Martin walked. Alvarez popped out to second. Harrison doubled to deep center, Martin scored. Mercer reached on infield single to third, Harrison to third. Mercer stole second. Cumpton grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Cumpton pitching for Pirates. Cueto grounded out to pitcher. Hamilton reached on bunt single to catcher. Hamilton stole second, Hamilton safe at third on throwing error by catcher Martin. Frazier struck out swinging. Votto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Cueto pitching for Reds. Polanco singled to center. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Polanco out at second. McCutchen doubled to left, Marte to third. Davis walked. Martin walked, Marte scored, McCutchen to third, Davis to second. Alvarez flied out to center, McCutchen out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Cumpton pitching for Pirates. Phillips singled to right center. Bruce doubled to deep center, Phillips to third. Ludwick singled to center, Phillips scored, Bruce to third. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bruce scored, Ludwick out at second. Cozart singled to left, Pena to second. Cueto struck out looking. Hamilton walked, Pena to third, Cozart to second. Frazier flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Harrison flied out to center. Mercer reached on infield single to third. Cumpton sacrificed to pitcher, Mercer to second. Polanco popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Cumpton pitching for Pirates. Votto struck out looking. Phillips grounded out to second. Bruce lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Marte grounded out to second. McCutchen flied out to right. Davis doubled to deep right. Martin walked. Alvarez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Cumpton pitching for Pirates. Ludwick grounded out to second. Pena lined out to right. Cozart safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez. Cueto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Harrison singled to center. Mercer struck out swinging, Harrison stole second. Tabata hit for Cumpton. Tabata grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harrison out at third. Tabata caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Polanco batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Hamilton reached on bunt single to second. Wilson pitching for Pirates. Hamilton reached on bunt single to second. Wilson pitching for Pirates. Hamilton stole second. Frazier singled to center, Hamilton to third. Frazier stole second. Votto singled to center, Hamilton and Frazier scored. Phillips struck out swinging. Bruce grounded into fielder's choice to second, Votto out at second. Gomez pitching for Pirates. Ludwick walked, Bruce to second. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ludwick out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. LeCure pitching for Reds. Heisey in left field. Polanco lined out to shortstop. Marte singled to center. McCutchen walked, Marte to second. Marte to third on wild pitch by LeCure. Davis singled to center, Marte scored, McCutchen to second. Martin singled to center, McCutchen scored, Davis to second. Parra pitching for Reds. Sanchez hit for Alvarez. Sanchez struck out swinging. Ondrusek pitching for Reds. Harrison singled to center, Davis scored, Martin to third, Harrison to second advancing on throw. Mercer lined out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Harrison at third base. Barmes at second base. Cozart lined out to center. Heisey grounded out to pitcher. Hamilton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Ondrusek pitching for Reds. Barmes popped out to second. Polanco walked. Marte singled to left, Polanco to second. McCutchen struck out swinging. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Grilli pitching for Pirates. Frazier homered to center (442 feet). Votto lined out to left. Phillips singled to left center. Bruce grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Phillips out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Chapman pitching for Reds. Bernadina in right field. Martin struck out swinging. Stewart hit for Grilli. Stewart walked. Harrison singled to left, Stewart to second. Mercer struck out swinging. Barmes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 6 - Pirates 5.	Frazier's homer in 9th lifts Reds over Pirates 6-5