Reds - Top 1st. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Hamilton fouled out to shortstop. Frazier flied out to right. Votto singled to right. Phillips singled to right, Votto to second. Bruce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Leake pitching for Reds. Smith homered to right (406 feet). Headley struck out looking. Quentin doubled to left. Grandal popped into double play, to third, Quentin doubled off second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Mesoraco struck out swinging. Schumaker struck out looking. Cozart singled to right. Leake struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Leake pitching for Reds. Medica grounded out to shortstop. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. Amarista singled to right center. Falu singled to right, Amarista to third. Kennedy singled to right, Amarista scored, Falu to second. Smith flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Hamilton reached on bunt single to second. Frazier flied out to center. Hamilton stole second. Votto grounded out to first, Hamilton to third. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Leake pitching for Reds. Headley struck out swinging. Quentin grounded out to shortstop. Grandal doubled to deep left center. Medica grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Bruce grounded out to shortstop. Mesoraco popped out to second. Schumaker lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Leake pitching for Reds. Maybin grounded out to third. Amarista doubled to left. Falu grounded out to first, Amarista to third. Kennedy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Cozart reached on infield single to second. Leake grounded out to first, Cozart to second. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop, Cozart to third. Frazier singled to center, Cozart scored. Frazier stole second. Votto walked. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to third, Votto out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Leake pitching for Reds. Smith doubled to deep right. Headley singled to center, Smith scored. Quentin popped out to third. Grandal singled to right, Headley to second. Medica flied out to center. Maybin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Bruce grounded out to pitcher. Mesoraco singled to center. Schumaker grounded into fielder's choice to first, Mesoraco out at second. Cozart grounded into fielder's choice to second, Schumaker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Leake pitching for Reds. Amarista popped out to second. Falu struck out swinging. Goebbert hit for Kennedy. Goebbert singled to center. Parra pitching for Reds. Goebbert caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Smith batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Santiago hit for Parra. Santiago struck out looking. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. Frazier grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Ondrusek pitching for Reds. Smith singled to center. Headley flied out to center. Quentin homered to left (410 feet), Smith scored. Grandal walked. Medica singled to right, Grandal to second. Hoover pitching for Reds. Maybin singled to left, Grandal scored, Medica to second. Amarista safe at first on error by first baseman Votto, Medica advanced to third on Votto error, Maybin advanced to second on Votto error, Medica scored on throwing error by first baseman Votto. Falu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Amarista out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Torres pitching for Padres. Votto grounded out to shortstop. Phillips struck out looking. Bruce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Contreras pitching for Reds. Pena at first base. Venable hit for Torres. Venable singled to right. Venable to second on wild pitch by Contreras. Smith walked. Venable to third, Smith to second on balk by Contreras. Headley struck out looking. Quentin hit sacrifice fly to center, Venable scored. Grandal grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Smith in left field. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Venable in right field. Mesoraco homered to center (423 feet). Schumaker singled to right. Heisey hit for Cozart. Heisey grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Schumaker out at second. Pena singled to left. Hamilton doubled to left, Pena to third. Frazier walked. Ludwick hit for Contreras. Ludwick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Frazier out at second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 2 - Padres 8.	Padres get season-high 16 hits, beat Reds 8-2