Orioles - Top 1st. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Pie flied out to center. Jones flied out to right. Markakis lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Britton pitching for Orioles. Crisp flied out to center. Barton singled to left. Jackson walked, Barton to second. Willingham singled to left, Barton scored, Jackson to second. Suzuki flied out to center, Jackson to third. DeJesus grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Guerrero fouled out to first. Wieters singled to right. Scott flied out to left. Hardy doubled to deep left center, Wieters to third. Reynolds flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Britton pitching for Orioles. Ellis flied out to left. Kouzmanoff singled to right. Pennington grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kouzmanoff out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Andino walked. Pie grounded into fielder's choice to second, Andino out at second. Jones lined out to left. Markakis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Britton pitching for Orioles. Crisp grounded out to third. Barton struck out swinging. Jackson walked. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Guerrero flied out to center. Wieters grounded out to first. Scott flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Pie in center field. Reimold in left field. Britton pitching for Orioles. Suzuki lined out to shortstop. DeJesus struck out looking. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Hardy reached on infield single to shortstop. Reynolds singled to left, Hardy to second. Andino sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hardy to third, Reynolds to second. Pie singled to right center, Hardy scored, Reynolds to third, Andino to second. Reimold walked, Reynolds scored, Andino to third, Pie to second. Markakis grounded out to first, Andino scored, Pie to third, Reimold to second. Guerrero grounded out to second, Pie scored. Wieters struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Kouzmanoff flied out to right. Pennington singled to center. Crisp reached on infield single to shortstop, Pennington to second. Barton struck out swinging. Jackson singled to left, Pennington scored, Crisp to second. Willingham homered to left (363 feet), Crisp and Jackson scored. Suzuki singled to center. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Scott struck out looking. Hardy flied out to center. Reynolds walked. Reynolds stole second. Andino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Ellis singled to left. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Ellis to second. Pennington sacrificed to third, Ellis to third, Kouzmanoff to second. Crisp intentionally walked. Barton hit sacrifice fly to right, Ellis scored, Kouzmanoff to third. Accardo pitching for Orioles. Crisp stole second. Jackson lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Pie grounded out to second. Reimold grounded out to third. Markakis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Accardo pitching for Orioles. Willingham lined out to shortstop. Suzuki fouled out to first. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Balfour pitching for Athletics. Guerrero singled to right. Wieters grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Guerrero out at second. Scott fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Gregg pitching for Orioles. Ellis flied out to right. Kouzmanoff walked. Pennington flied out to left. Crisp walked, Kouzmanoff to second. Barton walked, Kouzmanoff to third, Crisp to second. Jackson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Athletics. Hardy grounded out to third. Reynolds flied out to left. Andino singled to left center. Adams hit for Pie. Adams fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 4 - Athletics 6.	Willingham powers A's past O's to finish sweep