Blue Jays - Top 1st. Britton pitching for Orioles. Escobar flied out to center. Patterson grounded out to first. Bautista grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Pie flied out to left. Jones hit by pitch. Markakis grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Britton pitching for Orioles. Rivera singled to left center. Arencibia safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds, Rivera to second. Hill singled to left center, Rivera scored, Arencibia to second. Encarnacion grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hill out at second, Arencibia to third. Arencibia scored on Britton's wild pitch. Davis doubled to right. Nix popped out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Guerrero flied out to right. Wieters grounded out to first. Hardy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Britton pitching for Orioles. Escobar doubled to deep right center. Patterson sacrificed to pitcher, Escobar to third. Bautista intentionally walked. Rivera hit sacrifice fly to right, Escobar scored, Bautista to second. Arencibia grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Scott grounded out to third. Reynolds walked. Andino flied out to center. Pie grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Hill lined out to left. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Davis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Jones grounded out to pitcher. Markakis grounded out to second. Guerrero hit by pitch. Wieters popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Nix struck out swinging. Escobar walked. Patterson struck out looking. Bautista singled to left, Escobar to second. Escobar to third, Bautista to second on wild pitch by Britton. Rivera walked. Arencibia homered to left (396 feet), Escobar, Bautista and Rivera scored. Hill grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy singled to center. Scott grounded out to second, Hardy to second. Reynolds flied out to left. Andino singled to left, Hardy scored, Andino to second advancing on throw. Pie reached on infield single to third, Andino to third. Jones singled to left, Andino scored, Pie to second. Markakis flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Accardo pitching for Orioles. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Davis doubled to deep left. Nix struck out swinging, Davis stole third. Escobar singled to left center, Davis scored. Patterson flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Guerrero singled to left. Wieters lined out to left. Hardy singled to shallow center, Guerrero to second. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Guerrero to third, Hardy to second on passed ball by Arencibia. Scott struck out swinging. Reynolds walked. Andino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Accardo pitching for Orioles. Bautista walked. Rivera struck out looking. Arencibia flied out to right. Hill lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Pie grounded out to shortstop. Jones singled to left. Markakis struck out looking. Guerrero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles. Encarnacion flied out to center. Davis reached on infield single to shortstop. Davis to second on wild pitch by Jakubauskas. Nix flied out to left. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Wieters singled to right center. Hardy homered to left (374 feet), Wieters scored. Scott grounded out to second. Reynolds flied out to right. Andino grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles. Patterson fouled out to third. Bautista flied out to center. Rivera singled to center. Arencibia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Adams hit for Pie. Adams singled to center. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Adams out at second. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 8 - Orioles 4.	Arencibia hits first career slam as Jays beat O's