Athletics - Top 1st. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Crisp struck out swinging. Barton singled to center. Jackson singled to left center, Barton to third, Jackson out stretching at second. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Andino singled to right. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Andino safe at second on error by shortstop Pennington. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second, Andino to third. Guerrero singled to left, Andino scored, Guerrero out stretching at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 2nd. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Suzuki walked. Ellis flied out to right. Rosales flied out to center. Sweeney lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Lee singled to center. Lee stole second, Lee safe at third on throwing error by catcher Suzuki. Wieters singled to right, Lee scored. Hardy singled to left, Wieters to second. Wieters to third, Hardy to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez. Reynolds walked. Reimold hit sacrifice fly to right, Wieters scored, Hardy to third. Andino bunt popped out foul to first. Markakis singled to left, Hardy scored, Reynolds to second. Jones popped out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Pennington singled to right. Crisp flied out to center. Barton struck out swinging. Jackson singled to left, Pennington to second. Willingham flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Lee lined out to third. Wieters reached on infield single to shortstop. Hardy singled to left center, Wieters to third. Reynolds fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Suzuki walked. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Suzuki out at second. Rosales homered to left center (396 feet), Ellis scored. Sweeney fouled out to left. Pennington popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Reimold grounded out to shortstop. Andino singled to center. Markakis struck out looking. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Andino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Crisp popped out to shortstop. Barton fouled out to left. Jackson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Guerrero grounded out to third. Lee flied out to center. Wieters grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Willingham popped out to second. Suzuki singled to center. Sizemore hit for Ellis. Sizemore singled to center, Suzuki to second. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Rosales grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Sizemore out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Sizemore at second base. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Hardy flied out to left. Reynolds struck out looking. Reimold flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Sweeney grounded out to first. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. Crisp grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Andino struck out looking. Markakis grounded out to second. Jones grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Uehara pitching for Orioles. Barton flied out to left. Jackson grounded out to second. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Balfour pitching for Athletics. Guerrero grounded out to pitcher. Lee popped out to shortstop. Wieters grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Pie in left field. Gregg pitching for Orioles. Suzuki struck out swinging. Sizemore flied out to right. Rosales struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 2 - Orioles 4.	Orioles get to A's early as Matusz earns first win