Orioles - Top 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Hardy reached on infield single to shortstop. Markakis doubled to deep center, Hardy to third. Jones singled to right, Hardy and Markakis scored, Jones to second advancing on throw. Lee singled to right, Jones scored. Wieters struck out swinging. Reynolds walked, Lee to second. Pie struck out swinging. Andino singled to left, Lee scored, Reynolds to second, Reynolds to third advancing on throw. Arrieta singled to right, Reynolds scored, Andino to third. Hardy struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Arrieta pitching for Orioles. Tabata lined out to right. Harrison struck out swinging. McCutchen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Markakis singled to center. Jones struck out swinging. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to third, Markakis safe at second on error by third baseman Harrison. Wieters doubled to deep center, Markakis scored, Lee to third. Reynolds hit sacrifice fly to center, Lee scored. Pie grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Arrieta pitching for Orioles. Jones walked. Walker lined out to left. Paul grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jones out at second. Paul stole second. Cedeno doubled to deep center, Paul scored. McKenry lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Andino singled to left. Arrieta sacrificed to third, Andino to second. Hardy singled to left, Andino scored on error by left fielder Tabata. Markakis flied out to center. Jones lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Arrieta pitching for Orioles. McCutchen grounded out to pitcher. Tabata flied out to right. Harrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Wieters lined out to left. Reynolds walked. Pie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Arrieta pitching for Orioles. McCutchen singled to left. Jones walked, McCutchen to second. Walker flied out to left. Paul singled to right, McCutchen scored, Jones to third. Cedeno grounded out to second, Jones scored, Paul to second. McKenry grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Andino grounded out to third. Arrieta flied out to left. Hardy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Ciriaco hit for McCutchen. Arrieta pitching for Orioles. Ciriaco popped out to shortstop. Tabata lined out to right. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Moskos pitching for Pirates. Ciriaco at third base. Markakis reached on infield single to second. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second. Lee singled to right. Wieters flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. McCutchen doubled to deep left. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to first, McCutchen out at third. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Moskos pitching for Pirates. Reynolds reached on infield single to pitcher, Reynolds to second on throwing error by pitcher Moskos. Pie flied out to right. Andino grounded out to third. Guerrero hit for Gonzalez. Guerrero lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Berken pitching for Orioles. Paul flied out to center. Cedeno flied out to left. McKenry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Wood pitching for Pirates. Hardy walked. Markakis flied out to center. Jones singled to left, Hardy to second. Lee grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Berken pitching for Orioles. Ciriaco struck out swinging. Tabata grounded out to pitcher. Diaz hit for Wood. Diaz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Wieters struck out looking. Reynolds walked. Pie fouled out to left. Andino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Gregg pitching for Orioles. McCutchen singled to left. Jones flied out to left. Walker grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, McCutchen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 8 - Pirates 3.	Arrieta earns 9th win as Orioles ambush Pirates