Cardinals - Top 1st. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Theriot singled to left. Jay struck out looking. Holliday grounded out to first, Theriot to second. Berkman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Hardy singled to right. Markakis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hardy out at second. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Freese singled to center. Rasmus struck out swinging. Molina walked, Freese to second. Cruz singled to center, Freese scored, Cruz to second, Molina to second, Molina to third advancing on throw. Schumaker hit sacrifice fly to right, Molina scored, Cruz to third. Theriot grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Guerrero grounded out to third. Lee singled to right. Wieters struck out looking. Reynolds safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Freese, Lee to third. Reimold struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Jay lined out to second. Holliday doubled to deep left. Berkman homered to left (432 feet), Holliday scored. Freese grounded out to pitcher. Rasmus fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Andino reached on infield single to third. Hardy flied out to left. Markakis flied out to left. Jones flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Molina flied out to right. Cruz doubled to left. Schumaker singled to center, Cruz to third. Theriot singled to center, Cruz scored, Schumaker to second. Jay homered to left center (392 feet), Schumaker and Theriot scored. Simon pitching for Orioles. Holliday walked. Berkman struck out swinging. Holliday to second on wild pitch by Simon. Freese grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Guerrero singled to center. Lee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guerrero out at second. Wieters singled to deep right. Reynolds singled to left, Wieters to third. Reimold homered to center (409 feet), Wieters and Reynolds scored. Andino singled to center. Hardy lined out to left. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Simon pitching for Orioles. Rasmus struck out swinging. Molina flied out to right. Cruz popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Markakis singled to left. Jones grounded into double play, third to second to first, Markakis out at second. Guerrero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Simon pitching for Orioles. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. Theriot popped out to second. Jay reached on infield single to shortstop. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Lee grounded out to third. Wieters walked. Reynolds homered to left (376 feet), Wieters scored. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Reimold struck out swinging. Andino reached on infield single to shortstop. Hardy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Simon pitching for Orioles. Berkman homered to right (403 feet). Freese doubled to deep right. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Descalso ran for Freese. Rasmus walked. Molina popped out to second. Cruz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rasmus out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Descalso at third base. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Markakis flied out to left. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Jones struck out swinging. Guerrero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Schumaker struck out looking. Theriot grounded out to second. Jay singled to left. Holliday flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Lee singled to center. Wieters singled to left, Lee to second. Reynolds flied out to center, Lee to third. Reimold reached on infield single to third, Lee scored, Wieters to second. Andino grounded into double play, third to second to first, Reimold out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Berkman flied out to center. Descalso singled to center. Rasmus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Descalso out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Hardy popped out to second. Markakis singled to center. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, Markakis out at second. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 9 - Orioles 6.	Berkman, Jay help Cardinals sweep Orioles