Red Sox - Top 1st. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia grounded out to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Hardy flied out to center. Markakis flied out to right. Jones singled to left. Wieters singled to left, Jones to second. Lee tripled to deep center, Jones and Wieters scored. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Youkilis grounded out to shortstop. Reddick struck out looking. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Reimold fouled out to left. Pie walked. Pie caught stealing second, catcher to second. Andino singled to center. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Andino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Saltalamacchia homered to left center (405 feet). Drew flied out to center. Scutaro singled to left. Ellsbury singled to left, Scutaro to second. Pedroia singled to left, Scutaro scored, Ellsbury to second. Gonzalez singled to left, Ellsbury scored, Pedroia to second. Youkilis flied out to right, Pedroia to third. Reddick grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Markakis struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to third. Wieters grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Crawford singled to center. Saltalamacchia singled to left, Crawford to second. Drew struck out looking. Scutaro safe at first on error by first baseman Lee, Crawford scored, Saltalamacchia to third. Ellsbury hit sacrifice fly to left, Saltalamacchia scored, Scutaro to second. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Lee flied out to right. Reynolds flied out to right. Reimold grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Gonzalez flied out to left. Youkilis fouled out to first. Reddick homered to right (371 feet). Crawford flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Pie struck out swinging, Pie safe at first on passed ball by Saltalamacchia. Andino struck out swinging. Hardy homered to left (373 feet), Pie scored. Markakis grounded out to first. Jones homered to left (441 feet). Wieters singled to right center. Lee singled to right center, Wieters to third. Reynolds walked, Lee to second. Reimold doubled to left, Wieters and Lee scored, Reynolds to third. Wheeler pitching for Red Sox. Pie grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Patton pitching for Orioles. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Drew popped out to second. Scutaro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Wheeler pitching for Red Sox. Andino popped out to first. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Markakis fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Patton pitching for Orioles. Ellsbury singled to right. Pedroia walked, Ellsbury to second. Gonzalez struck out looking. Berken pitching for Orioles. Youkilis singled to left, Ellsbury scored, Pedroia to second. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Reddick grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Youkilis out at second, Pedroia to third. Crawford grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Wheeler pitching for Red Sox. Jones struck out swinging. Wieters struck out swinging. Lee walked. Reynolds struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Gonzalez pitching for Orioles. Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop. McDonald hit for Drew. McDonald walked. Scutaro singled to center, McDonald to second. Ellsbury walked, McDonald to third, Scutaro to second. Worrell pitching for Orioles. Pedroia doubled to deep right, McDonald and Scutaro scored, Ellsbury to third. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Youkilis singled to center, Ellsbury and Pedroia scored, Youkilis to second, Gonzalez to second, Gonzalez to third advancing on throw. Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles. Reddick walked. Crawford singled to right, Gonzalez scored, Youkilis to third, Reddick to second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. McDonald doubled to left, Youkilis, Reddick and Crawford scored. Scutaro flied out to right. 8 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. McDonald in right field. Williams pitching for Red Sox. Reimold flied out to left. Bell hit for Pie. Bell singled to center. Andino walked, Bell to second. Bell to third on passed ball by Saltalamacchia. Hardy singled to left, Bell scored, Andino to second. Andino to third, Hardy to second on wild pitch by Williams. Markakis singled to left, Andino and Hardy scored. Jones grounded out to third, Markakis to second. Wieters struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Bell in left field. Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles. Ellsbury singled to center. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ellsbury out at second. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Youkilis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Lee struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. Reimold struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 15 - Orioles 10.	Red Sox ride big eighth inning to rout of Orioles