Yankees - Top 1st. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Granderson grounded out to second. Teixeira grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Andino safe at first on error by third baseman Rodriguez. Hardy flied out to right. Markakis struck out swinging, Andino stole second, Andino to third on throwing error by catcher Martin. Guerrero grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Rodriguez flied out to left. Cano grounded out to second. Swisher reached on infield single to second. Posada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Swisher out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Wieters grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds homered to left (391 feet). Adams doubled to deep right center. Reimold doubled to deep left, Adams scored. Angle doubled to right, Reimold scored. Angle stole third. Andino doubled to deep right, Angle scored. Hardy homered to left center (411 feet), Andino scored. Markakis safe at first on error by pitcher Burnett. Guerrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 3rd. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Martin grounded out to pitcher. Gardner flied out to center. Jeter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Wieters grounded out to second. Reynolds struck out swinging. Adams lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Granderson hit by pitch. Teixeira flied out to left. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Granderson out at second. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Reimold fouled out to first. Angle struck out swinging, Angle safe at first on wild pitch by Burnett. Andino walked, Angle to second. Angle to third on wild pitch by Burnett. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Angle scored, Andino out at second. Markakis struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Swisher flied out to center. Posada homered to right (395 feet). Martin struck out looking. Gardner struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Guerrero reached on infield single to third. Wieters doubled to deep right, Guerrero thrown out at home, Wieters to third advancing on throw. Reynolds grounded out to second. Adams walked. Adams to second on wild pitch by Burnett. Reimold tripled to deep right, Wieters and Adams scored. Angle struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Jeter grounded out to pitcher. Granderson struck out swinging. Teixeira lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Ayala pitching for Yankees. Andino grounded out to shortstop. Hardy fouled out to catcher. Markakis walked. Guerrero safe at first on error by second baseman Cano, Markakis to second. Wieters homered to left (369 feet), Markakis and Guerrero scored. Reynolds struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 7th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Rodriguez homered to center (421 feet). Cano singled to right. Swisher homered to right (424 feet), Cano scored. Posada grounded out to first. Martin grounded out to third. Gardner grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Wade pitching for Yankees. Adams lined out to left. Reimold fouled out to catcher. Angle flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Eyre pitching for Orioles. Jeter doubled to deep center. Granderson grounded out to shortstop, Jeter to third. Teixeira hit sacrifice fly to left, Jeter scored. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Wade pitching for Yankees. Andino flied out to center. Hardy struck out swinging. Soriano pitching for Yankees. Markakis singled to left. Guerrero popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Cano lined out to right. Swisher grounded out to second. Posada grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 5 - Orioles 12.	O's trounce Burnett, Yanks