Blue Jays - Top 1st. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. Thames flied out to left. Bautista grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy popped out to second. Markakis grounded out to third. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Lind flied out to center. Encarnacion walked. Johnson walked, Encarnacion to second. Lawrie homered to left (404 feet), Encarnacion and Johnson scored. Arencibia popped out to second. McCoy struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Guerrero singled to center. Wieters homered to center (406 feet), Guerrero scored. Reynolds singled to shallow left. Andino walked, Reynolds to second. Reimold struck out swinging. Adams flied out to left. Hardy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Escobar reached on infield single to second. Thames struck out swinging. Bautista singled to right, Escobar to second. Lind struck out swinging. Encarnacion flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis flied out to center. Jones grounded out to pitcher. Guerrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Johnson flied out to center. Lawrie hit by pitch. Arencibia singled to center, Lawrie to second. McCoy struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Wieters struck out looking. Reynolds popped out to shortstop. Andino doubled to deep right. Reimold reached on infield single to pitcher, Andino scored on throwing error by pitcher Cecil. Adams singled to center, Reimold to third. Hardy flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Thames doubled to deep right. Bautista safe at first on error by catcher Wieters. Lind singled to right, Thames to third, Bautista to second. Encarnacion grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Thames out at home, Bautista to third, Lind to second. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis fouled out to left. Jones walked. Guerrero doubled to right, Jones scored, Guerrero out stretching at third. Wieters flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Lawrie struck out swinging. Arencibia popped out to shortstop. McCoy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Reynolds struck out swinging. Andino grounded out to shortstop. Reimold singled to left. Adams flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Escobar grounded out to first. Thames doubled to deep left center. Bautista popped out to second. Lind fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Carreno pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy doubled to left. Markakis walked. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second, Hardy to third. Guerrero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Johnson struck out swinging. Lawrie popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Wieters singled to right. Reynolds walked, Wieters to second. Andino bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wieters out at third, Reynolds to second. Reimold walked, Reynolds to third, Andino to second. Adams popped out to second. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Andino out at third, Reimold to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Angle in left field. Gregg pitching for Orioles. Arencibia singled to left. Wise ran for Arencibia. McCoy walked, Wise to second. Wise stole third. McCoy stole second. Escobar hit sacrifice fly to right, Wise scored, McCoy to third. Thames flied out to left. Bautista intentionally walked. Lind walked, Bautista to second. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lind out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Molina catching. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis walked. Jones grounded into double play, third to second to first, Markakis out at second. Guerrero grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 10th. Eyre pitching for Orioles. Johnson tripled to left. Lawrie popped out to second. Molina walked, Johnson scored on wild pitch by Eyre. McCoy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. McCoy caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Escobar batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 10th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Wieters walked. Reynolds walked, Wieters to second. Andino struck out bunting foul. Fox hit for Angle. Fox singled to right center, Wieters scored, Reynolds to third. Adams singled to deep right, Reynolds scored, Fox to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Orioles 6.	O's shake miscues to rally in 10th, walk off Jays