Orioles - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for Yankees. Hudson popped out to third. Hardy flied out to center. Markakis homered to right (399 feet). Jones grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Jeter struck out swinging. Granderson flied out to center. Teixeira homered to left (395 feet). Rodriguez walked. Cano singled to center, Rodriguez to second. Jones singled to center, Rodriguez scored, Cano to third. Martin struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for Yankees. Guerrero singled to center. Wieters popped out to shortstop. Reynolds doubled to deep left center, Guerrero to third. Andino singled to left, Guerrero scored, Reynolds to third. Reynolds scored, Andino to second on passed ball by Martin. Adams singled to right, Andino to third. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Andino scored, Adams to second. Hardy singled to left, Adams scored, Hudson to second. Markakis flied out to left. Jones struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Montero walked. Gardner struck out looking. Jeter doubled to right, Montero to third. Granderson doubled to right, Montero and Jeter scored. Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles. Teixeira walked. Rodriguez hit by pitch, Granderson to third, Teixeira to second. Cano homered to right center (437 feet), Granderson, Teixeira and Rodriguez scored. Jones walked. Martin doubled to right, Jones to third. Montero struck out swinging. Gardner grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for Yankees. Guerrero grounded out to third. Wieters singled to left. Reynolds homered to left (384 feet), Wieters scored. Andino flied out to left. Adams singled to left. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Hudson singled to center, Adams to second. Hardy grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Eyre pitching for Orioles. Jeter flied out to right. Granderson grounded out to first. Teixeira flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Markakis walked. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second. Guerrero singled to center. Wieters grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Eyre pitching for Orioles. Rodriguez walked. Cano flied out to left. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez out at second. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Reynolds struck out swinging. Andino homered to right (376 feet). Adams struck out swinging. Laffey pitching for Yankees. Hudson grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Montero homered to right (399 feet). Gardner grounded out to second. Jeter grounded out to first. Granderson grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Laffey pitching for Yankees. Hardy walked. Markakis flied out to left. Ayala pitching for Yankees. Jones hit by pitch, Hardy to second. Guerrero struck out swinging. Wieters grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Teixeira singled to center. Rodriguez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Teixeira out at second. Cano grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Ayala pitching for Yankees. Reynolds walked. Andino flied out to right. Adams grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Jones struck out looking. Martin singled to right. Montero homered to right (396 feet), Martin scored. Gardner struck out looking. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Dickerson in right field. Logan pitching for Yankees. Hudson grounded out to first. Hardy doubled to deep center. Markakis singled to right, Hardy scored, Markakis to second on error by right fielder Dickerson.N Markakis out at third. Wade pitching for Yankees. Jones reached on infield single to third. Guerrero grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Patton pitching for Orioles. Granderson grounded out to first. Teixeira flied out to left. Rodriguez singled to center. Cano struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Wieters popped out to second. Reynolds singled to center. Andino flied out to right. Reynolds stole second. Adams singled to center, Reynolds scored. Angle ran for Adams. Reimold hit for Hudson. Angle stole second. Reimold hit by pitch. Angle stole third, Reimold stole second. Hardy struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 10 - Yankees 11.	Montero hits 1st 2 career HRs; Yanks survive