Orioles - Top 1st. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Angle walked. Hardy flied out to center. Markakis walked, Angle to second. Angle to third, Markakis to second on wild pitch by McGowan. Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to right, Angle scored, Markakis to third. Wieters grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Hunter pitching for Orioles. McCoy safe at first on error by first baseman Reynolds. Thames singled to center, McCoy to third. Bautista singled to shallow left, McCoy scored, Thames to second. Lind grounded out to first, Thames to third, Bautista to second. Lawrie grounded out to second, Thames scored, Bautista to third. Johnson struck out swinging. Davis walked. Reimold singled to shallow right, Davis to second. Andino singled to shallow right, Davis to third, Reimold to second. Angle singled to right, Davis scored, Reimold to third, Andino to second. Hardy flied out to center. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Cooper fouled out to third. Arencibia flied out to center. Loewen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Guerrero grounded out to third. Wieters grounded out to second. Reynolds grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Hunter pitching for Orioles. McCoy singled to shallow right. Thames grounded out to pitcher, McCoy to second. Bautista flied out to right, McCoy to third. Lind singled to center, McCoy scored. Lawrie flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Davis walked. Davis stole second. Reimold walked. Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Andino struck out swinging. Angle grounded out to shortstop, Davis to third, Reimold to second. Hardy intentionally walked. Markakis singled to right, Davis and Reimold scored, Hardy to third. Guerrero flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Johnson popped out to second. Cooper struck out swinging. Arencibia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Wieters grounded out to pitcher. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Davis doubled to center. Reimold reached on infield single to third, Davis to third. Andino popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Loewen reached on infield single to shortstop. McCoy sacrificed to first, Loewen to second. Thames grounded out to first, Loewen to third. Bautista flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Angle walked. Hardy flied out to left. Markakis hit ground rule double to deep center, Angle to third. Guerrero intentionally walked. Wieters grounded into fielder's choice to first, Angle scored, Guerrero out at second, Markakis to third. Reynolds struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Lind flied out to right. Lawrie popped out to third. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Carreno pitching for Blue Jays. Davis struck out swinging. Reimold flied out to center. Andino popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Cooper homered to right (347 feet). Arencibia flied out to center. Loewen homered to center (413 feet). McCoy doubled to shallow left. Thames singled to shallow right, McCoy to third. Eyre pitching for Orioles. Bautista hit sacrifice fly to center, McCoy scored. Rapada pitching for Orioles. Lind popped out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Wise in center field. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Angle grounded out to third. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Markakis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Lawrie flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to second. Cooper walked. Cooper to second on wild pitch by Bergesen. Arencibia popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Francisco pitching for Blue Jays. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Wieters struck out swinging. Reynolds walked. Hudson ran for Reynolds. Hudson stole second. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 5 - Blue Jays 6.	Former pitcher Loewen homers as Jays nip O's