Royals - Top 1st. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Mondesi struck out swinging. Gordon hit by pitch. Dozier struck out swinging. O'Hearn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Keller pitching for Royals. García lined out to shortstop. Moncada grounded out to shortstop. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Soler walked. Duda flied out to left. Owings struck out swinging. Maldonado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Keller pitching for Royals. Alonso flied out to left. Jiménez grounded out to third. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Hamilton struck out swinging. Mondesi flied out to left. Burr pitching for White Sox. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Keller pitching for Royals. McCann grounded out to shortstop. Sánchez walked. Engel struck out swinging. García safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Mondesi, Sánchez to second, Sánchez safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Mondesi. Moncada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Burr pitching for White Sox. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. O'Hearn flied out to center. Soler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Keller pitching for Royals. Abreu walked. Alonso flied out to left. Jiménez doubled to left, Abreu thrown out at home. Anderson homered to left (418 feet), Jiménez scored. McCann walked. Sánchez singled to center, Sánchez to second, McCann to third. Engel walked. García struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Burr pitching for White Sox. Duda walked. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to second, Duda out at second. Maldonado safe at first on error by shortstop Anderson, Owings to second. Hamilton singled to center, Maldonado to second, Owings to third. Osich pitching for White Sox. Mondesi struck out swinging. Gordon singled to right center, Maldonado scored and Owings scored, Gordon safe at second on throwing error by center fielder Engel, Hamilton to third. Dozier intentionally walked. O'Hearn struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Keller pitching for Royals. Moncada singled to left center. Abreu struck out swinging, Moncada stole second. Alonso lined out to left. Jiménez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Osich pitching for White Sox. Soler struck out swinging. Duda grounded out to first. Owings flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Keller pitching for Royals. Anderson hit by pitch. Rondón ran for Anderson. Kennedy pitching for Royals. McCann flied out to right. Rondón to second on wild pitch by Kennedy. Rondón to second on wild pitch by Kennedy. Sánchez struck out swinging. Engel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Rondón at shortstop. Ruiz pitching for White Sox. Maldonado fouled out to catcher. Hamilton walked. Mondesi walked, Hamilton to second. Gordon popped out to third. Dozier singled to left, Hamilton scored, Mondesi to second. O'Hearn struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Kennedy pitching for Royals. García walked. Palka hit for Moncada. Palka singled to shallow left center, García to second. Palka to second on passed ball by Maldonado, García to third on passed ball by Maldonado. Abreu struck out swinging. Diekman pitching for Royals. Alonso fouled out to catcher. Jiménez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. García at shortstop. Palka in right field. Rondón at third base. Ruiz pitching for White Sox. Soler singled to left center. Gore ran for Soler. Duda flied out to left. Gore caught stealing second, first to shortstop. Owings singled to center. Maldonado popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Merrifield in right field. Diekman pitching for Royals. Rondón reached on infield single to third. McCann walked, Rondón to second. Sánchez reached on bunt single to catcher, McCann to second, Rondón to third. Peralta pitching for Royals. Engel grounded into fielder's choice to foul catcher, Sánchez to second, McCann to third, Rondón out at home. García singled to right, McCann scored, Engel to second, Sánchez to third. Palka grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, García out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Herrera pitching for White Sox. Hamilton grounded out to first. Mondesi struck out swinging. Gordon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Abreu walked. Alonso lined out to second. Jiménez struck out swinging. Rondón reached on infield single to third, Abreu to second. McCann grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 10th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Dozier homered to left (350 feet). O'Hearn grounded out to second. Merrifield reached on infield single to third, Merrifield safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Rondón. Duda intentionally walked. Owings walked, Duda to second, Merrifield to third. Maldonado grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Merrifield out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 10th. Barlow pitching for Royals. Sánchez struck out swinging. Engel grounded out to shortstop. García walked. Palka grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - White Sox 3.	Anderson spikes bat, gets drilled; Royals top Chisox in 10