White Sox - Top 1st. Ross pitching for Tigers. García grounded out to second. Moncada grounded out to first. Abreu lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Nova pitching for White Sox. Harrison popped out to second. Castellanos struck out swinging. Cabrera doubled to left. Goodrum struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Ross pitching for Tigers. Alonso grounded out to first. Jiménez grounded out to shortstop. Anderson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Nova pitching for White Sox. Candelario grounded out to second. Peterson grounded out to third. Beckham reached on infield single to first. Greiner doubled to deep left, Beckham scored. Jones flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Ross pitching for Tigers. Castillo flied out to center. Sánchez grounded out to shortstop. Cordell singled to center. García grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Nova pitching for White Sox. Harrison fouled out to first. Castellanos doubled to left. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Goodrum grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Ross pitching for Tigers. Moncada lined out to right. Abreu popped out to second. Alonso flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Nova pitching for White Sox. Candelario fouled out to third. Peterson grounded out to shortstop. Beckham singled to left. Beckham stole second. Greiner singled to shallow right, Beckham scored. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Ross pitching for Tigers. Jiménez struck out swinging. Anderson singled to right. Castillo singled to right, Anderson to third. Sánchez singled to left center, Anderson scored, Castillo to second. Cordell flied out to center, Castillo to third. García grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Nova pitching for White Sox. Harrison fouled out to right. Castellanos singled to left center. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castellanos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Ross pitching for Tigers. Moncada struck out swinging. Abreu flied out to right. Alonso safe at first on error by first baseman Goodrum. Jiménez homered to right (378 feet), Alonso scored. Anderson singled to right. Anderson stole second, Anderson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Greiner. Anderson scored on error by shortstop Beckham, Castillo safe at first on error by shortstop Beckham. Sánchez flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 3 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Nova pitching for White Sox. Goodrum singled to left center. Candelario singled to right center, Goodrum to third. Goodrum scored on Nova wild pitch, Candelario to second on wild pitch by Nova. Peterson singled to center, Candelario scored, Peterson thrown out at second. Beckham struck out swinging. Greiner flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Ross pitching for Tigers. Cordell homered to left center (402 feet). Hardy pitching for Tigers. García bunt grounded out to first. Moncada lined out to left. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Nova pitching for White Sox. Jones hit by pitch. Harrison flied out to right. Castellanos doubled to deep left, Jones scored, Castellanos to third. Herrera pitching for White Sox. Cabrera singled to center, Castellanos scored. Goodrum doubled to deep left, Cabrera to third. Candelario intentionally walked. Peterson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera scored, Candelario out at second, Goodrum to third. Peterson stole second. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Alonso doubled to left. Alcántara pitching for Tigers. Jiménez flied out to left. Anderson grounded out to shortstop, Alonso to third. Castillo homered to left (399 feet), Alonso scored. Sánchez walked. Cordell reached on infield single to second, Sánchez to second. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. García safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Candelario, Cordell to second, Sánchez to third. Moncada struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Fulmer pitching for White Sox. Greiner singled to shallow right. Jones hit by pitch, Greiner to second. Harrison hit by pitch, Jones to second, Greiner to third. Castellanos hit sacrifice fly to center, Greiner scored, Jones to third. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Jones scored, Harrison to second. Goodrum struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Greene pitching for Tigers. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Alonso flied out to center. Jiménez walked. Anderson fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 7 - Tigers 9.	Castellanos, Cabrera, Tigers top Chisox 9-7, end 5-game skid