Tigers - Top 1st. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Candelario struck out swinging. Castellanos homered to center (418 feet). Cabrera homered to right. Peterson walked. Rodríguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peterson out at second. Hicks singled to left, Rodríguez to second. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hicks out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Norris pitching for Tigers. García reached on infield single to third. Anderson flied out to center. García to second on wild pitch by Norris. Abreu singled to right, García scored. McCann flied out to right. Moncada struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Greiner struck out looking. Jones struck out swinging. Candelario singled to center. Castellanos walked, Candelario to second. Cabrera singled to center, Candelario scored, Castellanos to third. Peterson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Norris pitching for Tigers. Jiménez singled to center. Alonso walked, Jiménez to second. Rondón grounded into fielder's choice to second, Alonso out at second, Jiménez to third. Cordell walked, Rondón to second. García grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cordell out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Rodríguez grounded out to shortstop. Hicks singled to left center. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hicks out at second. Harrison to second on wild pitch by Rodón. Greiner homered to left (353 feet), Harrison scored. García in left field. Engel in center field. Jones struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Norris pitching for Tigers. Anderson struck out looking. Abreu singled to center. McCann flied out to left. Moncada doubled to center, Abreu to third. Engel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Candelario walked. Castellanos singled to right, Candelario to second. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Candelario scored, Castellanos to third. Fulmer pitching for White Sox. Peterson singled to left, Castellanos scored, Cabrera to third. Rodríguez struck out swinging. Hicks walked, Peterson to second. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cabrera scored, Hicks out at second, Peterson to third. Greiner struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Norris pitching for Tigers. Alonso homered to right center (422 feet). Rondón singled to right. Cordell grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rondón out at second. García struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Fulmer pitching for White Sox. Jones homered to right center (386 feet). Candelario grounded out to second. Castellanos struck out looking. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Norris pitching for Tigers. Anderson singled to center. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Anderson out at second. McCann singled to right, Abreu to second. McCann to second on wild pitch by Norris, Abreu to third on wild pitch by Norris. Moncada singled to left, Abreu scored and McCann scored. Engel flied out to right. Alonso struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Fulmer pitching for White Sox. Peterson doubled to deep right. Rodríguez grounded out to shortstop. Hicks singled to left, Peterson to third. Harrison hit sacrifice fly to left, Peterson scored. Greiner struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Reininger pitching for Tigers. Rondón homered to right (379 feet). Cordell struck out swinging. García doubled to deep left. Anderson doubled to deep left, García scored. Anderson stole third. Abreu homered to center (419 feet), Anderson scored. McCann singled to center. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Moncada singled to right center, McCann to third. Delmonico hit for Engel. Moncada to second on wild pitch by VerHagen. Delmonico doubled to center, McCann scored, Moncada to third. Alonso intentionally walked. Rondón lined into double play, second to first, Alonso out at first. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. García in center field. Delmonico in left field. Jones pitching for White Sox. Jones walked. Candelario flied out to center. Castellanos struck out swinging. Cabrera reached on infield single to third, Jones to second. Herrera pitching for White Sox. Peterson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Garrett pitching for Tigers. Cordell popped out to second. García singled to shallow right center. Anderson singled to deep center, García to third. Abreu singled to left center, García scored, Anderson scored and Anderson scored, Abreu out stretching at second. McCann walked. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. McCann stole second. Moncada grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Herrera pitching for White Sox. Rodríguez homered to left (404 feet). Hicks walked. Harrison bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hicks out at second. Greiner struck out swinging. Goodrum hit for Jones. Goodrum grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Goodrum in center field. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. Delmonico struck out swinging. Alonso grounded out to second. Jiménez pitching for Tigers. Rondón struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Colomé pitching for White Sox. Candelario walked. Castellanos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Candelario out at second. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castellanos out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Jimenez pitching for Tigers. Cordell struck out looking. García struck out swinging. Anderson homered to left (373 feet). 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 11 - White Sox 12.	Anderson helps cost White Sox, then homer tops Tigers 12-11