Indians - Top 1st. Banuelos pitching for White Sox. Lindor flied out to right. Mercado struck out swinging. Santana grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Carrasco pitching for Indians. García grounded out to shortstop. Moncada struck out swinging. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Banuelos pitching for White Sox. Luplow flied out to center. Ramírez flied out to right. Kipnis doubled to deep center. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Alonso doubled to right. McCann reached on infield single to shortstop, Alonso to third. Jiménez doubled to left, Alonso scored and McCann scored. Anderson struck out swinging. Sánchez flied out to center, Jiménez to third. Tilson lined out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Banuelos pitching for White Sox. Bauers struck out swinging. Allen singled to left. Lindor walked, Allen to second. Mercado hit by pitch, Lindor to second, Allen to third. Santana singled to deep center, Allen scored and Lindor scored, Mercado to third. Santana to second on wild pitch by Bañuelos. Luplow popped out to second. Ramírez intentionally walked. Kipnis fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. García struck out swinging. Moncada singled to right. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moncada out at second. Alonso homered to right (396 feet), Abreu scored. McCann safe at first on error by second baseman Kipnis. Jiménez fouled out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 4th. Banuelos pitching for White Sox. Pérez walked. Bauers popped out to shortstop. Allen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pérez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Anderson grounded out to second. Sánchez singled to right center. Tilson struck out swinging, Sánchez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Banuelos pitching for White Sox. Lindor grounded out to shortstop. Mercado struck out swinging. Santana flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. García doubled to deep center. Moncada grounded out to second, García to third. Abreu hit sacrifice fly to left, García scored. Alonso walked. Alonso caught stealing second, catcher to second. Carlos Carrasco pitches to James McCann. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Banuelos pitching for White Sox. Luplow homered to right center (396 feet). Ramírez flied out to left. Kipnis singled to left center. Marshall pitching for White Sox. Pérez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kipnis out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. McCann struck out swinging. Jiménez singled to left. Anderson singled to center, Jiménez to second. Sánchez lined out to center. Tilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Marshall pitching for White Sox. Bauers grounded out to second. Allen flied out to right. Lindor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. García singled to right center. Moncada struck out swinging. Otero pitching for Indians. Abreu homered to left (351 feet), García scored. Alonso grounded out to shortstop. McCann grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Bummer pitching for White Sox. Mercado grounded out to pitcher. Santana struck out swinging. Luplow grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Otero pitching for Indians. Jiménez singled to right. Cordell ran for Jiménez. Anderson grounded out to shortstop, Cordell to second. Sánchez singled to left, Cordell scored on error by left fielder Allen, Sánchez safe at second on error by left fielder Allen. Tilson flied out to left. Sánchez stole third. Sánchez scored on Otero wild pitch. García singled to center. Moncada doubled to deep left, García scored. Abreu grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 9th. Cordell in right field. Tilson in left field. Fry pitching for White Sox. Ramírez doubled to left. Kipnis flied out to right. Pérez walked. Bauers grounded out to second, Pérez to second, Ramírez to third. Ramírez scored on throwing error by shortstop Anderson, Allen safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Anderson, Pérez safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Anderson. Lindor walked, Allen to second. Ruiz pitching for White Sox. Mercado struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 4 - White Sox 10.	White Sox beat Indians 10-4 for season-high 4th straight win