White Sox - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Athletics. García grounded out to shortstop. Moncada struck out swinging. Abreu grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Semien struck out swinging. Chapman walked. Olson flied out to center. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. McCann flied out to right. Jiménez grounded out to third. Jay doubled to third. Rondón singled to deep left, Jay scored, Rondón to second. Sánchez flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Canha struck out swinging. Grossman grounded out to first. Laureano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Cordell reached on bunt single to catcher. García sacrificed to third, Cordell to second. Moncada walked. Abreu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Moncada out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Herrmann struck out swinging. Barreto singled to center. Barreto to second, Semien safe at second on error by third baseman Moncada, Barreto safe at third on error by third baseman Moncada. Chapman grounded out to shortstop, Barreto scored, Semien to third. Olson flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. McCann struck out swinging. Jiménez grounded out to shortstop. Jay grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Davis lined out to right. Canha singled to center. Grossman walked, Canha to second. Laureano grounded into fielder's choice to first, Grossman out at second, Canha to third. Laureano stole second. Herrmann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Rondón lined out to second. Sánchez singled to deep center. Cordell lined out to center. Sánchez picked off and caught stealing second. Brett Anderson pitches to Leury Garcia. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Barreto struck out swinging. Semien flied out to left. Chapman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. García reached on infield single to shortstop. Moncada grounded into fielder's choice to third, García safe at second on error by second baseman Barreto. Abreu struck out swinging. McCann grounded into double play, third to first, García out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Olson grounded out to second. Davis fouled out to catcher. Canha singled to center. Grossman popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Jiménez homered to center (397 feet). Jay grounded out to pitcher. Rondón flied out to right. Sánchez doubled to center. Petit pitching for Athletics. Cordell struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Marshall pitching for White Sox. Laureano homered to center (398 feet). Herrmann flied out to center. Barreto struck out swinging. Semien flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Soria pitching for Athletics. García struck out swinging. Moncada lined out to center. Abreu popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Herrera pitching for White Sox. Chapman singled to shallow right. Olson singled to center, Chapman to third. Davis fouled out right to catcher, Chapman out at home. Canha struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. McCann struck out swinging. Jiménez fouled out to first. Jay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Pinder hit for Grossman. Fry pitching for White Sox. Pinder singled to deep right. Laureano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pinder scored on throwing error by shortstop Rondón, Laureano safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Rondón. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: White Sox 2 - Athletics 3.	A's turn 9th-inning throwing error into 3-2 win over Chisox