White Sox - Top 1st. Junis pitching for Royals. García walked. Moncada struck out swinging. Abreu grounded out to pitcher, García to second. McCann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. Mondesi struck out swinging. Gordon lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Junis pitching for Royals. Jay doubled to deep center. Jiménez grounded out to shortstop. Reed struck out looking. Sánchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Dozier grounded out to pitcher. Soler struck out looking. Cuthbert fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Junis pitching for Royals. Tilson lined out to first. García grounded out to third. Moncada struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Lopez doubled to right. Maldonado sacrificed to pitcher, Lopez to third. Hamilton struck out swinging. Merrifield lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Junis pitching for Royals. Abreu grounded out to second. McCann struck out swinging. Jay singled to center. Jiménez singled to right, Jay to third. Reed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Mondesi grounded out to pitcher. Gordon doubled to deep right center. Dozier doubled to deep left, Gordon scored. Dozier to third on wild pitch by Giolito. Soler grounded out to pitcher. Cuthbert singled to right, Dozier scored. Lopez flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Junis pitching for Royals. Sánchez struck out swinging. Tilson grounded out to second. García walked. García to second on wild pitch by Junis. Moncada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Maldonado doubled to left. Hamilton struck out bunting foul. Merrifield grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Maldonado out at third. Mondesi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Junis pitching for Royals. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. McCann homered to left (430 feet). Jay doubled to deep left. Jiménez lined out to center. Reed struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Gordon flied out to left. Dozier singled to left. Soler walked, Dozier to second. Cuthbert fouled out to right, Dozier to third. Lopez singled to left, Dozier scored, Soler to second. Gallagher hit for Maldonado. Gallagher grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Soler out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Gallagher catching. Junis pitching for Royals. Sánchez grounded out to second. Tilson lined out to left. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Osich pitching for White Sox. Hamilton singled to left. Merrifield reached on bunt single to third, Hamilton to second. Mondesi grounded out to third, Merrifield to second, Hamilton to third. Gordon grounded out to first, Hamilton scored, Merrifield to third. Dozier struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Barlow pitching for Royals. Moncada walked. Abreu singled to left, Moncada to second. McCann struck out swinging. Diekman pitching for Royals. Jay reached on infield single to third, Moncada scored on throwing error by shortstop Mondesi, Abreu to second. Jiménez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jiménez safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Dozier, Jay safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Dozier, Abreu out at third. Rondón hit for Reed. Rondón walked. Sánchez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Rondón as designated hitter. Ruiz pitching for White Sox. Soler walked. Cuthbert singled to right, Soler to second. Cuthbert to second on wild pitch by Ruiz, Soler to third on wild pitch by Ruiz. Soler scored on error by first baseman Abreu, Lopez safe at second on error by first baseman Abreu, Cuthbert safe at third on error by first baseman Abreu. Gallagher walked. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gallagher to second, Lopez to third, Cuthbert out at home. Merrifield grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hamilton out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 9th. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Tilson struck out swinging. García walked. Moncada singled to left center, García to second. Abreu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Moncada out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 2 - Royals 5.	Junis, Lopez lead Royals past White Sox 5-2