Red Sox - Top 1st . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Damon grounded out to third . Renteria grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Crawford struck out swinging . Lugo flied out to right . Lee flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Ortiz struck out looking . Millar hit by pitch . Mirabelli struck out swinging . Payton fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Phelps singled to right . Cantu singled to left , Phelps to second . Gomes flied out to center . Johnson grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Cantu out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Bellhorn walked . Vazquez flied out to left . Bellhorn stole second . Bellhorn picked off second . Damon grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Sanchez safe at first on error by second baseman Bellhorn . Crawford singled to right , Sanchez to second . Lugo doubled to deep left , Sanchez and Crawford scored , Lugo out at third . Lee grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 4th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez struck out looking . Ortiz singled to deep right , Ortiz to second on error by right fielder Gomes . Millar walked . Mirabelli walked , Ortiz to third , Millar to second . Payton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Phelps flied out to right . Cantu flied out to right . Gomes walked . Johnson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Bellhorn doubled to deep left center . Vazquez sacrificed to pitcher , Bellhorn to third . Damon hit sacrifice fly to right , Bellhorn scored . Renteria singled to right center . Ramirez hit by pitch , Renteria to second . Ortiz grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Gonzalez flied out to right . Sanchez reached on bunt single to pitcher . Sanchez stole second . Crawford grounded out to second , Sanchez to third . Lugo singled to left , Sanchez scored . Lugo stole second . Lee walked . Phelps walked , Lugo to third , Lee to second . Cantu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Phelps out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Millar flied out to center . Mirabelli struck out swinging . Payton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Gomes hit by pitch . Johnson singled to left , Gomes to second . Gomes caught stealing third , catcher to third , Johnson to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Gonzalez grounded out to third , Johnson scored on throwing error by first baseman Millar . Singleton in right field . Sanchez bunt grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 7th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Vazquez grounded out to second . Damon reached on infield single to shortstop . Myers pitching for Red Sox . Renteria flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Crawford struck out swinging . Lugo singled to center . Mantei pitching for Red Sox . Lee flied out to center . Phelps batting . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Ramirez tripled to deep center . Ortiz struck out swinging . Millar singled to center , Ramirez scored . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Varitek hit for Mirabelli . Varitek catching . Varitek grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Millar out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Mantei pitching for Red Sox . Phelps reached on infield single to shortstop . Green ran for Phelps . Cantu bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Green out at second . Cantu to second on wild pitch by Mantei . Huff hit for Johnson . Singleton walked . Cantu to third , Singleton to second on wild pitch by Mantei . Huff intentionally walked . Nixon hit for Payton . Hall catching . Gonzalez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Nixon walked . Bellhorn doubled to deep right center , Nixon scored . Vazquez sacrificed to catcher , Bellhorn to third . Damon singled to right , Bellhorn scored . Nixon in right field . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Perez hit for Sanchez . Renteria lined into double play , pitcher to first , Damon out at first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Perez homered to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 4 - Devil Rays 5 .	Walk - off winners : Perez 's D - Rays