Devil Rays - Top 1st . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Crawford struck out swinging . Lugo flied out to center . Perez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Logan grounded out to shortstop . Inge popped out to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Phelps reached on infield single to third . Huff singled to center , Phelps to second . Cantu struck out looking . Green singled to left , Phelps to third , Huff to second . Johnson walked , Phelps scored , Huff to third , Green to second . Hollins flied out to right . Crawford walked , Huff scored , Green to third , Johnson to second . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . White popped out to second . Young grounded out to shortstop . Monroe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Phelps grounded out to catcher . Huff lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Thames flied out to center . Infante flied out to center . Martinez walked . Logan walked , Martinez to second . Inge struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Cantu singled to left . Green sacrificed to third , Cantu to second . Johnson grounded out to third . Hollins homered to left , Cantu scored . Crawford flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez flied out to right . White grounded out to pitcher . Young doubled to deep right . Monroe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Lugo reached on bunt single to first . Perez singled to center , Lugo to third . Phelps flied out to left . Huff hit sacrifice fly to right , Lugo scored , Perez to second . Cantu grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Thames walked . Infante popped out to second . Martinez lined into double play , third to first , Thames doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Green homered to left . Johnson singled to left . Hollins flied out to left . Crawford struck out swinging . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Logan reached on infield single to shortstop . Inge walked , Logan to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Inge out at second , Logan to third . White singled to right , Logan scored , Rodriguez to third . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Young grounded out to pitcher , Rodriguez scored , White to second . Ginter pitching for Tigers . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Singleton hit for Perez . Ginter pitching for Tigers . Singleton struck out looking . Phelps singled to center . Singleton in right field . Huff at first base . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Huff grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Phelps out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Thames struck out looking . Infante fouled out to catcher . Martinez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Ginter pitching for Tigers . Cantu grounded out to third . Green struck out looking . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop . Hollins fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Logan reached on infield single to second . Inge flied out to center . Rodriguez singled to left , Logan to second . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . White walked , Logan to third , Rodriguez to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Logan out at home , Rodriguez to third , White to second . Creek pitching for Tigers . Monroe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Creek pitching for Tigers . Crawford reached on infield single to pitcher . Crawford caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Lugo singled to left . Singleton flied out to center . Phelps grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lugo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Thames popped out to shortstop . Infante walked . Martinez singled to left , Infante to second . Logan grounded out to first , Infante to third , Martinez to second . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 6 - Tigers 2 .	Kazmir 's first win of season snaps D - Rays skid