Devil Rays - Top 1st . Leiter pitching for Marlins . Crawford flied out to right . Lugo grounded out to second . Perez walked . Huff flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Pierre singled to center . Pierre caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Lo Duca walked . Delgado walked , Lo Duca to second . Cabrera singled to left , Lo Duca to third , Delgado to second . Encarnacion flied out to left . Lowell singled to left , Lo Duca and Delgado scored , Cabrera to second . Easley struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Leiter pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez flied out to center . Green flied out to center . Hall singled to right . Hollins homered to left , Hall scored . Nomo grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Castillo singled to center . Leiter sacrificed to third , Castillo to second . Pierre safe at second on error by center fielder Hollins , Castillo to third . Lo Duca hit sacrifice fly to center , Castillo scored . Delgado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Leiter pitching for Marlins . Crawford popped out to first . Lugo grounded out to third . Perez walked . Huff doubled to deep right center , Perez scored . Gonzalez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Cabrera popped out to second . Encarnacion popped out to first . Lowell lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Leiter pitching for Marlins . Green singled to left . Hall popped out to third . Hollins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Green out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Easley grounded out to pitcher . Castillo walked . Leiter sacrificed to pitcher , Castillo to second . Pierre hit by pitch . Lo Duca doubled to left , Castillo and Pierre scored . Delgado singled to center , Lo Duca scored , Delgado to second advancing on throw . Cabrera flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Leiter pitching for Marlins . Nomo struck out swinging . Crawford doubled to deep right . Lugo singled to right center , Crawford scored . Lugo stole second . Perez lined into double play , third to second , Lugo doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Encarnacion doubled to left . Encarnacion to third on wild pitch by Nomo . Lowell doubled to deep center , Encarnacion scored . Easley walked . Lowell picked off second . Aguila hit for Leiter . Castillo lined out to third . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Aguila flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Huff doubled to left . Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop . Green lined out to third . Hall flied out to center , Huff to third , Gonzalez to second . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Sanchez in center field . Hollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop . Pierre caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Lo Duca popped out to second . Delgado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Sanchez doubled to deep left center . Crawford grounded out to shortstop , Sanchez to third . Lugo grounded out to second , Sanchez scored . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Perez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Cabrera singled to left . Encarnacion reached on bunt single to catcher , Cabrera to second . Lowell popped out to first . Easley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at third , Encarnacion to second . Mecir pitching for Marlins . Castillo popped out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Mecir pitching for Marlins . Huff singled to right center . Gonzalez flied out to right . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Huff out at second . Phelps hit for Harper . Hall singled to right , Green to second . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Harris hit for Mecir . Phelps grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Green out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Harris doubled to deep left . Pierre sacrificed to pitcher , Harris to third . Lo Duca grounded out to second . Jones pitching for Marlins . Delgado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Jones pitching for Marlins . Sanchez grounded out to second . Crawford flied out to center . Lee hit for Perez . Lugo singled to right . Lugo to second on fielder 's indifference . Lee singled to left center , Lugo scored . Huff grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 6 - Marlins 7 .	Marlins edge Devil Rays in Sunshine showdown