Devil Rays - Top 1st . Haren pitching for Athletics . Crawford flied out to center . Lugo struck out swinging . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Kendall doubled to deep left center . Scutaro lined out to left . Kotsay struck out looking . Chavez lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Phelps struck out swinging . Huff flied out to right . Cantu singled to left . Sanchez doubled to deep left center , Cantu scored . Hall grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson doubled to deep right . Hatteberg grounded out to first , Johnson to third . Crosby singled to shallow left , Johnson scored . Kielty walked , Crosby to second . Swisher singled to right , Crosby scored , Kielty to second . Kendall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Swisher out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Green grounded out to pitcher . Crawford grounded out to first . Lugo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Scutaro grounded out to second . Kotsay flied out to center . Chavez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Lee flied out to right . Phelps struck out swinging . Huff flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Hatteberg singled to left . Crosby walked , Hatteberg to second . Kielty singled to center , Hatteberg scored , Crosby to second . Swisher grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kielty out at second , Crosby to third . Crosby scored , Swisher to second on wild pitch by Nomo . Kendall walked . Scutaro walked , Swisher to third , Kendall to second . Kotsay singled to center , Swisher and Kendall scored , Scutaro to third . Chavez grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Cantu singled to center . Sanchez popped into double play , to first , Cantu doubled off first . Hall lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson walked . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Hatteberg walked , Johnson to second . Crosby safe at first on error by center fielder Sanchez , Johnson advanced to third on play , Hatteberg to second , Johnson out at third in rundown . Hatteberg to third , Crosby to second on passed ball by Hall . Kielty lined out to first . Swisher fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Green grounded out to third . Crawford bunt grounded out to first . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Kendall flied out to right . Scutaro fouled out to catcher . Kotsay walked . Chavez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Lee grounded out to pitcher . Phelps grounded out to third . Huff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson singled to left . Hatteberg flied out to center . Crosby walked , Johnson to second . Kielty walked , Johnson to third , Crosby to second . Swisher tripled to deep center , Johnson , Crosby and Kielty scored . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Kendall singled to left , Swisher scored . Scutaro struck out swinging . Kotsay grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Thomas in left field . Haren pitching for Athletics . Cantu flied out to right . Sanchez flied out to center . Hall singled to left . Green flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Perez in left field . Hollins in right field . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Chavez flied out to center . Johnson flied out to center . Hatteberg grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Perez singled to right . Lugo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Perez out at second . Lee popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 1 - Athletics 10 .	Haren tosses complete game , five - hitter in A 's win