Devil Rays - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Pirates . Crawford singled to center . Lugo singled to left , Crawford to second . Perez struck out swinging . Huff grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lugo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Sanchez walked . Mackowiak singled to left , Sanchez to second . Bay singled to left , Sanchez scored , Mackowiak to second . Doumit hit by pitch , Mackowiak to third , Bay to second . Ward grounded out to first , Mackowiak scored , Bay to third , Doumit to second . Castillo singled to right , Bay scored , Doumit to third . Cota struck out swinging . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castillo out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Pirates . Hollins struck out swinging . Cantu singled to left . Hall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cantu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Perez struck out looking . Sanchez flied out to center . Mackowiak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Pirates . Green struck out swinging . Kazmir popped out to first . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Bay lined out to center . Doumit flied out to left . Ward struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Pirates . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Perez struck out looking . Huff struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Castillo lined out to shortstop . Cota safe at first on error by first baseman Perez . Wilson flied out to left . Perez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Pirates . Hollins popped out to second . Cantu struck out swinging . Hall flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Sanchez walked . Mackowiak struck out swinging . Bay walked , Sanchez to second . Doumit doubled to left , Sanchez scored , Bay to third . Ward singled to left , Bay scored , Doumit to third . Castillo homered to left , Doumit and Ward scored . Cota struck out swinging . Wilson singled to right . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson catching . Perez singled to center , Wilson to third . Sanchez reached on infield single to third , Wilson scored , Perez to second . Mackowiak grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Perez out at third . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Pirates . Green struck out looking . Johnson struck out swinging . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Bay hit ground rule double to left . Doumit safe at second on error by right fielder Huff , Bay to third . Ward popped out to shortstop . Castillo singled to left , Bay scored , Doumit to third . Cota singled to right center , Doumit scored , Castillo to third . Wilson singled to right , Castillo scored , Cota to second . Hill hit for Sanchez . Perez flied out to left . Hill at third base . Restovich in left field . Hill struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Pirates . Lugo singled to center . Lugo to second on fielder 's indifference . Perez walked . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Perez out at second , Lugo to third . Hollins singled to right , Lugo scored , Huff to second . Gardner pitching for Devil Rays . Gonzalez at third base . Cantu lined into double play , third to second , Huff doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Gardner pitching for Devil Rays . Mackowiak doubled to deep right center . Restovich flied out to center . Doumit singled to right , Mackowiak to third . Ward hit sacrifice fly to right , Mackowiak scored . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Doumit out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Green doubled to deep center . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Crawford singled to left center , Green scored . Crawford to second on fielder 's indifference . Lugo popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Gardner pitching for Devil Rays . Cota singled to left . Redman hit for Meadows . Wilson flied out to left . Redman safe at first on error by third baseman Gonzalez , Cota to second . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Redman out at second , Cota to third . Mackowiak singled to right , Cota scored , Hill to second . Restovich singled to right , Hill scored , Mackowiak to third . Doumit tripled to deep center , Mackowiak and Restovich scored . Ward singled to right , Doumit scored . Castillo walked , Ward to second . Torres pitching for Pirates . Cota grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castillo out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Perez flied out to center . Huff popped out to third . Hollins fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 2 - Pirates 18 .	Pirates reach .500 by ripping Kazmir , Devil Rays