Indians - Top 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Sizemore grounded out to shortstop . Crisp singled to center . Crisp caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Lugo doubled to deep right . Crawford sacrificed to pitcher , Lugo to third . Cantu struck out swinging . Huff hit ground rule double to deep right center , Lugo scored . Gomes singled to left , Huff scored . Lee singled to center , Gomes to third . Lee stole second . Hollins singled to left , Gomes and Lee scored . Hall grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Hafner doubled to left . Martinez doubled to left , Hafner to third . Belliard struck out swinging . Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to right , Hafner scored . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Gonzalez popped out to second . Lugo walked . Crawford grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Lugo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Blake homered to center . Sizemore grounded out to shortstop . Crisp singled to right . Peralta struck out swinging . Hafner struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Cantu singled to left center . Huff grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cantu out at second . Gomes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Martinez grounded out to third . Belliard flied out to center . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Lee grounded out to first . Hollins lined out to center . Hall flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Boone walked . Blake sacrificed to pitcher , Boone to second . Sizemore grounded out to second , Boone to third . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Gonzalez reached on infield single to third . Lugo lined out to left . Crawford singled to left , Gonzalez to second . Cantu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Peralta struck out swinging . Hafner struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Huff flied out to center . Gomes reached on infield single to shortstop . Lee lined out to left . Hollins singled to center , Gomes to second . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Hall grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Broussard hit for Hernandez . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Belliard popped out to second . Broussard singled to center . Boone singled to left , Broussard to second . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Blake flied out to center , Broussard to third , Boone to second . Borowski pitching for Devil Rays . Sizemore safe at first on error by third baseman Gonzalez , Broussard scored , Boone to third . Crisp tripled to deep right , Boone and Sizemore scored . Peralta grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Broussard at first base . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Lugo grounded out to second . Howry pitching for Indians . Crawford singled to center . Cantu singled to right , Crawford to third . Huff grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Borowski pitching for Devil Rays . Hafner grounded out to second . Martinez grounded out to second . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Howry pitching for Indians . Gomes struck out looking . Lee struck out swinging . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Hollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Broussard flied out to center . Boone singled to left . Boone caught stealing second , catcher to second . Wickman pitching for Indians . Blake grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Wickman pitching for Indians . Hall flied out to left . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Lugo singled to left . Crawford singled to right , Lugo to third . Crawford stole second . Cantu grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 5 - Devil Rays 4 .	Indians edge Devil Rays , tie for wild - card lead