Indians - Top 1st . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Sizemore flied out to left . Crisp grounded out to second . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Elarton pitching for Indians . Lugo fouled out to catcher . Crawford doubled to left . Cantu singled to right center , Crawford scored . Huff walked , Cantu to second . Gomes struck out swinging . Lee singled to right , Cantu scored , Huff to second . Hollins struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Martinez hit ground rule double to deep right . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Broussard grounded out to first , Martinez to third . Boone flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Elarton pitching for Indians . Hall singled to shallow right . Gonzalez doubled to deep center , Hall scored . Lugo flied out to center . Crawford struck out looking . Cantu fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Vazquez hit ground rule double to deep right . Blake singled to center , Vazquez scored . Sizemore grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Blake out at second . Crisp walked , Sizemore to second . Hafner reached on infield single to second , Sizemore to third , Crisp to second . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center , Sizemore scored . Belliard flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Elarton pitching for Indians . Huff singled to right . Gomes singled to right center , Huff to second . Lee doubled to right , Huff and Gomes scored . Hollins grounded out to first , Lee to third . Hall fouled out to third . Gonzalez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Broussard walked . Boone popped out to second . Broussard caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Vazquez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Elarton pitching for Indians . Lugo walked . Crawford tripled to deep right , Lugo scored . Cantu popped out to first . Huff hit sacrifice fly to right , Crawford scored . Tallet pitching for Indians . Gomes walked . Lee lined out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Blake struck out swinging . Sizemore fouled out to left . Crisp grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Tallet pitching for Indians . Hollins struck out swinging . Hall struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Hafner popped out to third . Martinez homered to right . Belliard lined out to right . Broussard struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Tallet pitching for Indians . Lugo singled to center . Crawford grounded out to second , Lugo to second . Cantu flied out to right , Lugo to third . Huff homered to right , Lugo scored . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Boone lined out to left . Vazquez grounded out to third . Blake doubled to deep left . Sizemore reached on infield single to shortstop , Blake to third . Crisp grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Tallet pitching for Indians . Lee singled to right center . Hollins walked , Lee to second . Hall singled to center , Lee scored , Hollins to second . Riske pitching for Indians . Gonzalez hit by pitch , Hollins to third , Hall to second . Lugo struck out swinging . Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays . Crawford grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays . Hafner singled to deep center . Martinez singled to center , Hafner to second . Belliard lined out to left . Broussard grounded out to second , Hafner to third , Martinez to second . Boone struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Riske pitching for Indians . Cantu singled to center . Huff walked , Cantu to second . Gomes hit by pitch , Cantu to third , Huff to second . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cantu scored , Gomes out at second , Huff to third . Hollins reached on infield single to shortstop , Huff scored , Lee to second . Hall lined out to left . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lee to third , Hollins safe at second on error by second baseman Belliard . Lugo reached on infield single to shortstop , Lee scored , Hollins to third , Gonzalez to second . Crawford flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 9th . Liefer hit for Blake . Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays . Vazquez reached on infield single to shortstop . Bard hit for Sizemore . Liefer lined out to shortstop . Bard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vazquez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 3 - Devil Rays 13 .	McClung wins third straight as D - Rays scorch Indians