Yankees - Top 1st . Waechter pitching for Devil Rays . Jeter doubled to right center . Rodriguez singled to right , Jeter to third . Giambi homered to right , Jeter and Rodriguez scored . Sheffield singled to deep left . Matsui reached first base on catcher 's interference , Sheffield to second . Matsui batting . Williams singled to right , Sheffield to third , Matsui to second . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Posada walked , Sheffield scored , Matsui to third , Williams to second . Cano struck out swinging . Crosby grounded out to first , Matsui scored , Williams to third , Posada to second . Jeter struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Wright pitching for Yankees . Lugo grounded out to third . Crawford singled to center . Cantu popped out to second . Huff doubled to left , Crawford to third . Gomes walked . Lee singled to left , Crawford and Huff scored , Gomes to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop . Giambi walked , Rodriguez to second . Sheffield walked , Rodriguez to third , Giambi to second . Matsui doubled to deep left center , Rodriguez and Giambi scored , Sheffield to third . Williams singled to right , Sheffield scored , Matsui to third . Beimel pitching for Devil Rays . Posada singled to right , Matsui scored , Williams to second . Cano reached on infield single to first , Williams to third , Posada to second . Crosby struck out swinging . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Williams scored , Cano out at second , Posada to third . Rodriguez walked , Jeter to second . Giambi flied out to right . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Wright pitching for Yankees . Hall grounded out to shortstop . Gathright grounded out to third . LaForest catching . Lugo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Ronald Beimel pitching for Devil Rays . Sheffield popped out to shortstop . Matsui singled to left . Williams grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Wright pitching for Yankees . Crawford walked . Cantu flied out to center , Crawford thrown out at second . Huff popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Devil Rays . Posada grounded out to third . Cano singled to center . Crosby singled to right , Cano to third . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cano out at home , Crosby to second . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Wright pitching for Yankees . Gomes popped out to first . Lee doubled to right . Gonzalez lined out to center . LaForest struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Devil Rays . Giambi flied out to right . Sheffield grounded out to third . Matsui singled to right . Williams grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Wright pitching for Yankees . Gathright grounded out to third . Lugo walked . Crawford flied out to center . Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays . Cantu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays . Posada walked . Cano singled to center , Posada to second . Crosby lined out to shortstop . Jeter walked , Posada to third , Cano to second . Rodriguez walked , Posada scored , Cano to third , Jeter to second . Phillips ran for Giambi . Giambi singled to right , Cano and Jeter scored , Rodriguez to third . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Sierra ran for Sheffield . Sheffield walked , Phillips to second . Lawton ran for Matsui . Matsui singled to center , Rodriguez and Phillips scored , Sierra to second . Vento ran for Williams . Williams singled to right , Sierra to third , Lawton to second . Posada singled to center , Sierra and Lawton scored , Vento to second . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Posada out at second , Vento to third . Bellhorn at third base . Escalona at shortstop . Phillips at first base . Lawton in left field . Vento in right field . Crosby in center field . Crosby flied out to center . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Wright pitching for Yankees . Huff walked . Munson hit for Lee . Gomes flied out to right . Hollins in left field . Munson at first base . Green at third base . Munson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Bellhorn grounded out to second . Escalona flied out to center . Nieves catching . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Wright pitching for Yankees . Gonzalez safe at first on error by first baseman Phillips . LaForest grounded out to first , Gonzalez to second . Gathright struck out looking . Green singled to right , Gonzalez scored . Hollins fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 8th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Sierra flied out to left . Lawton walked . Rodriguez pitching for Yankees . Vento grounded into double play , pitcher to first to shortstop to second , Lawton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Yankees . Cantu grounded out to third . Huff grounded out to second . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Nieves fouled out to right . Cano struck out swinging . Crosby singled to center . Crosby to second on wild pitch by Colome . De Paula pitching for Yankees . Bellhorn popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . De Paula pitching for Yankees . Munson popped out to third . Gonzalez walked . LaForest flied into double play , right to first , Gonzalez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 17 - Devil Rays 3 .	Giambi leads Yankees ' 17 - 3 pounding of Rays