Marlins - Top 1st . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Pierre struck out swinging . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Encarnacion singled to right , Castillo to second . Lowell doubled to right , Encarnacion and Castillo scored , Lowell to third advancing on throw . Lee lined out to left . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Rollins struck out swinging . Polanco grounded out to third . Abreu flied out to deep left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Hollandsworth struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Burnett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Thome walked . Burrell grounded out to third , Thome to second . Bell flied out to shallow right . Lieberthal singled to center , Thome scored . Ledee struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Pierre grounded out to third . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Padilla struck out swinging . Rollins struck out looking . Polanco walked . Abreu singled to left center , Polanco to second . Thome tripled to deep center , Polanco and Abreu scored . Burrell struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Lowell walked . Lee flied out to deep right . Hollandsworth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Bell reached on infield single to third . Lieberthal flied out to left center . Ledee struck out looking . Padilla hit by pitch , Bell to second . Rollins walked , Bell to third , Padilla to second . Polanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez popped out to shallow right . Burnett walked . Pierre flied out to left . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Burnett out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Abreu walked . Thome struck out swinging . Burrell flied out to right center . Bell walked . Lieberthal grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Abreu out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Rodriguez walked . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . Silva pitching for Phillies . Neal pitching for Marlins . Lowell grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Encarnacion out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Neal pitching for Marlins . Ledee struck out swinging . Silva grounded out to second . Rollins singled to center . Polanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Silva pitching for Phillies . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Hollandsworth grounded out to second . Almanza pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez doubled to left center , Gonzalez out at second trying to return to base . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Almanza pitching for Marlins . Abreu singled to center . Thome grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Abreu out at second . Burrell struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Banks hit for Almanza . Silva pitching for Phillies . Banks singled to center . Williams ran for Banks . Plesac pitching for Phillies . Pierre sacrificed to pitcher , Williams to second . Williams to third on passed ball by Lieberthal . Castillo walked . Adams pitching for Phillies . Looper pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Looper pitching for Marlins . Bell walked . Lieberthal singled to center , Bell to second . Ledee sacrificed to third , Bell to third , Lieberthal to second . Houston hit for Adams . Houston hit ground rule double to left , Bell and Lieberthal scored . Rollins walked . Polanco grounded out to second , Houston to third , Rollins to second . Mesa pitching for Phillies . Abreu grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Mesa pitching for Phillies . Encarnacion singled to left . Lowell grounded into double play , third to second to first , Encarnacion out at second . Lee flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 2 - Phillies 5 .	Thome 's mark all over Phillies ' win over Marlins