Athletics - Top 1st . Penny pitching for Marlins . Byrnes struck out swinging . Singleton walked . Tejada grounded into double play , third to second to first , Singleton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Pierre grounded out to second . Castillo grounded out to third . Rodriguez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Penny pitching for Marlins . Durazo singled to right center . Chavez flied out to center . Dye struck out swinging . Melhuse flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Lowell doubled to right . Lee singled to center , Lowell to third . Encarnacion reached on infield single to third , Lowell scored , Lee to second . Gonzalez singled to left , Lee to third , Encarnacion to second . Allen grounded into double play , first to catcher to first , Lee out at home , Encarnacion to third , Gonzalez to second . Penny grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Penny pitching for Marlins . Ellis singled to left , Ellis out stretching at second . Mulder struck out swinging . Byrnes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Pierre bunt grounded out to first . Castillo singled to left . Castillo to second on wild pitch by Mulder . Rodriguez singled to left , Castillo to third . Lowell homered to left , Castillo and Rodriguez scored . Lee singled to center . Encarnacion doubled to deep left , Lee to third . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Allen struck out swinging . Penny tripled to deep left center , Lee , Encarnacion and Gonzalez scored . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Penny pitching for Marlins . Singleton flied out to right . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Durazo singled to shallow center . Chavez doubled to deep left center , Durazo scored . Dye struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Castillo doubled to left . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Lowell flied out to center . Lee singled to left , Castillo scored , Lee to second advancing on throw . Encarnacion walked . Halama pitching for Athletics . Gonzalez popped out to catcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Penny pitching for Marlins . Melhuse walked . Ellis flied out to right . Long struck out looking . Byrnes flied out to deep left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Allen singled to center . Penny struck out swinging . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Allen safe at second on error by first baseman Durazo . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Allen out at third , Pierre to second . Rodriguez safe at first on error by first baseman Durazo , Pierre scored , Castillo to second . Lowell homered to left , Castillo and Rodriguez scored . Lee walked . Encarnacion grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Penny pitching for Marlins . Singleton singled to right . Tejada flied out to deep center . Durazo fouled out to third . Chavez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Gonzalez fouled out to catcher . Allen grounded out to shortstop . Penny singled to left center . Menechino hit for Halama . Pierre grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Penny pitching for Marlins . Menechino lined out to center . Melhuse struck out swinging . McMillon hit for Ellis . McMillon doubled to left center . Menechino at second base . McMillon in right field . Neu pitching for Athletics . Mordecai hit for Castillo . Long popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Neu pitching for Athletics . Mordecai fouled out to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Mordecai at second base . Allen in right field . Tejera pitching for Marlins . Banks in left field . Fox at shortstop . Castro catching . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Tejera pitching for Marlins . Byrnes flied out to right . Singleton doubled to deep left center . Tejada walked . Durazo grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Tejada out at second , Singleton to third . Chavez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Neu pitching for Athletics . Lee doubled to deep left . Lee to third on wild pitch by Neu . Banks popped out to second . Fox singled to left , Lee scored . Allen singled to right , Fox to third . Castro flied out to shallow center . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Pierre struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Menechino flied out to right . Melhuse homered to right . Piatt hit for Neu . McMillon struck out swinging . Piatt grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 2 - Marlins 13 .	Lowell 's big night helps Marlins pound Athletics