Marlins - Top 1st . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Pierre grounded out to second . Castillo walked . Rodriguez singled to center , Castillo to third , Rodriguez to second on throwing error by center fielder Wilson . Lowell grounded out to shortstop , Castillo scored . Encarnacion walked . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez out at third , Encarnacion to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Penny pitching for Marlins . Belliard flied out to center . Stynes doubled to right . Helton doubled to left , Stynes scored . Wilson homered to right , Helton scored . Walker flied out to deep left . Payton grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Cabrera grounded out to first . Gonzalez flied out to left . Penny grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Penny pitching for Marlins . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Uribe walked . Jimenez sacrificed to first , Uribe to second . Uribe caught stealing third , catcher to third . Belliard batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Pierre bunt grounded out to catcher . Castillo grounded out to second . Rodriguez singled to center . Lowell walked , Rodriguez to second . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lowell out at second , Rodriguez to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Penny pitching for Marlins . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Stynes flied out to right . Helton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Lee grounded out to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Penny pitching for Marlins . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Walker walked . Payton grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Penny singled to center . Pierre singled to right center , Penny to second . Castillo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pierre out at second , Penny to third . Rodriguez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Penny pitching for Marlins . Johnson flied out to right . Uribe singled to right . Jimenez sacrificed to pitcher , Uribe to second . Belliard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Lowell grounded out to third . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Lee doubled to left . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Penny pitching for Marlins . Stynes homered to left . Helton singled to right . Wilson lined out to center . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Walker grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Helton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Castro hit for Penny . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez walked . Castro struck out swinging . Urbina pitching for Marlins . Pierre grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Urbina pitching for Marlins . Payton struck out swinging . Johnson popped out to shallow left . Uribe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Castillo singled to left center . Rodriguez singled to right , Castillo to second . Reed pitching for Rockies . Castillo scored , Rodriguez to second on balk by Reed . Lowell grounded out to shortstop , Rodriguez to third . Encarnacion hit sacrifice fly to deep center , Rodriguez scored . Lee reached on infield single to shortstop . Norton hit for Reed . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lee out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Urbina pitching for Marlins . Norton struck out swinging . Belliard flied out to deep center . Speier pitching for Rockies . Stynes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Banks hit for Urbina . Speier pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez homered to left . Banks singled to center . Pierre sacrificed to first , Banks to second . Castillo flied out to center . Rodriguez intentionally walked . Looper pitching for Marlins . Lowell struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Looper pitching for Marlins . Helton homered to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 4 - Rockies 5 .	Rockies sweep Marlins thanks to Helton 's homer