Twins - Top 1st . Garza pitching for Brewers . Dozier grounded out to third . Mauer doubled to deep left . Plouffe grounded out to pitcher , Mauer to third . Arcia grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Gibson pitching for Twins . Segura flied out to left . Braun grounded out to first . Lucroy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Willingham singled to left center . Suzuki flied out to center . Escobar grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Willingham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Gomez popped out to first . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Gennett lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Santana struck out swinging . Gibson struck out looking . Dozier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Reynolds struck out swinging . Overbay grounded out to first . Garza grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Mauer doubled to deep left center . Plouffe flied out to center . Arcia struck out swinging . Willingham walked . Suzuki struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Segura reached on bunt single to third . Braun grounded out to pitcher , Segura to second . Lucroy singled to center , Segura scored , Lucroy to second advancing on throw . Gomez singled to center , Lucroy scored . Davis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gomez out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Santana flied out to center . Gibson singled to shallow right . Dozier doubled to center , Gibson to third . Mauer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Gennett doubled to deep right center . Reynolds homered to right ( 375 feet ) , Gennett scored . Overbay lined out to left . Garza grounded out to first . Segura popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Plouffe struck out swinging . Arcia struck out swinging . Willingham walked . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Braun grounded out to first . Lucroy reached on infield single to third . Gomez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lucroy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Escobar flied out to center . Santana singled to left . Nunez hit for Parmelee . Nunez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Davis singled to left center . Gennett popped out to shortstop . Reynolds walked , Davis to second . Overbay lined out to right . Weeks hit for Smith . Weeks safe at first on error by third baseman Plouffe , Davis to third , Reynolds to second . Segura safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Plouffe , Davis scored , Reynolds to third , Weeks to second . Braun lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Dozier lined out to left . Mauer singled to right . Plouffe flied out to center . Arcia singled to right center , Mauer to third . Willingham reached on infield single to third , Mauer scored , Arcia to second . Wooten pitching for Brewers . Suzuki struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Lucroy homered to right center ( 396 feet ) . Gomez lined out to center . Davis singled to right . Duensing pitching for Twins . Gennett grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Davis out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Wooten pitching for Brewers . Escobar singled to center . Santana reached on infield single to second , Escobar to second . Pinto hit for Duensing . Pinto grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Santana out at second , Escobar to third . Dozier reached on infield single to third , Escobar scored . Duke pitching for Brewers . Mauer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 2 - Brewers 6 .	Garza , Reynolds lead Brewers to 6 - 2 win over Twins