Astros - Top 1st . Deduno pitching for Twins . Fowler grounded out to second . Altuve hit by pitch . Altuve stole second . Springer walked . Singleton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Springer out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . McHugh pitching for Astros . Santana lined out to third . Dozier popped out to shortstop . Plouffe walked . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Deduno pitching for Twins . Dominguez flied out to right . Grossman walked . Carter lined out to left . Grossman stole second , Grossman safe at third on throwing error by catcher Pinto . Corporan singled to right , Grossman scored . Villar grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 2nd . McHugh pitching for Astros . Arcia struck out looking . Nunez struck out looking . Parmelee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Deduno pitching for Twins . Fowler homered to right ( 365 feet ) . Altuve singled to center . Springer flied out to left . Altuve stole second . Singleton struck out swinging . Dominguez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . McHugh pitching for Astros . Pinto popped out to shortstop . Escobar struck out swinging . Santana singled to left center . Santana to second on wild pitch by McHugh . Dozier walked . Plouffe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Deduno pitching for Twins . Grossman walked . Carter hit by pitch , Grossman to second . Corporan walked , Grossman to third , Carter to second . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Villar singled to center , Grossman scored , Carter to third , Corporan to second . Fowler singled to right , Carter scored , Corporan to third , Villar to second . Altuve hit sacrifice fly to center , Corporan scored , Villar to third . Springer walked , Fowler to second . Singleton struck out swinging . Dominguez grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Willingham walked . Arcia grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Willingham out at second . Nunez homered to left center ( 421 feet ) . Parmelee singled to center . Pinto fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Grossman popped out to third . Carter struck out swinging . Corporan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Escobar walked . Santana lined out to shortstop . Dozier walked , Escobar to second . Fields pitching for Astros . Plouffe singled to center , Escobar scored , Dozier to third . Willingham singled to center , Dozier scored , Plouffe to second . Arcia struck out swinging . Nunez grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Villar reached on infield single to second . Fowler lined out to right . Altuve walked , Villar to second . Springer flied into double play , right to second to first , Altuve doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Fields pitching for Astros . Parmelee struck out swinging . Pinto singled to left . Escobar struck out swinging . Santana struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Singleton doubled to deep right center . Dominguez walked . Grossman reached on bunt single to third , Singleton to third , Dominguez to second . Carter homered to right ( 384 feet ) , Singleton , Dominguez and Grossman scored . Corporan grounded out to third . Villar struck out swinging . Fowler walked . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fowler out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Farnsworth pitching for Astros . Dozier walked . Plouffe singled to left , Dozier to third . Willingham hit sacrifice fly to left , Dozier scored . Arcia walked , Plouffe to second . Nunez singled to right , Plouffe scored , Arcia to third . Downs pitching for Astros . Parmelee fouled out to first . Pinto struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Fien pitching for Twins . Springer homered to center ( 416 feet ) . Singleton struck out looking . Dominguez struck out swinging . Grossman doubled to center . Carter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Downs pitching for Astros . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Santana grounded out to third . Dozier doubled to deep left . Plouffe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Corporan struck out swinging . Villar singled to right . Fowler grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Villar safe at third on error by second baseman Dozier . Altuve flied out to right . Springer hit by pitch , Fowler to second . Singleton homered to right ( 392 feet ) , Villar , Fowler and Springer scored . Dominguez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 9th . Downs pitching for Astros . Willingham popped out to second . Arcia struck out looking . Nunez reached on infield single to second . Parmelee flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 14 - Twins 5 .	Carter , Singleton power Astros past Twins , 14 - 5