Twins - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Dozier hit ground rule double to deep right center . Suzuki reached on infield single to second , Dozier to third . Morales grounded into double play , third to second to catcher , Suzuki out at second , Dozier out at home , Morales to first . Plouffe doubled to deep right center , Morales to third . Parmelee singled to center , Morales and Plouffe scored . Willingham singled to left , Parmelee to second . Escobar doubled to deep right center , Parmelee and Willingham scored . Fuld singled to right , Escobar scored . Hughes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fuld out at second . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Hughes pitching for Twins . Blackmon struck out swinging . Gonzalez doubled to deep left center . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Morneau singled to left , Gonzalez scored . Arenado doubled to deep left , Morneau scored . Dickerson flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Dozier lined out to third . Suzuki flied out to left . Morales doubled to right . Plouffe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Hughes pitching for Twins . Rosario singled to left . LeMahieu doubled to deep center , Rosario to third . Anderson sacrificed to second , Rosario scored , LeMahieu to third . Blackmon hit sacrifice fly to center , LeMahieu scored . Gonzalez lined out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Parmelee grounded out to first . Willingham grounded out to third . Escobar singled to left . Fuld walked , Escobar to second . Hughes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Hughes pitching for Twins . Tulowitzki singled to center . Morneau grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tulowitzki out at second . Arenado singled to center , Morneau to third . Dickerson flied out to left . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Dozier struck out swinging . Suzuki lined out to center . Morales grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Hughes pitching for Twins . LeMahieu struck out looking . Anderson struck out looking . Blackmon reached on infield single to shortstop . Blackmon stole second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Plouffe tripled to deep center , Plouffe scored on throwing error by second baseman LeMahieu . Parmelee fouled out to third . Willingham walked . Escobar struck out looking . Fuld walked , Willingham to second . Hughes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Hughes pitching for Twins . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Morneau reached on infield single to second . Arenado doubled to deep center , Morneau to third . Dickerson grounded out to shortstop , Morneau scored , Arenado to third . Rosario grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Dozier popped out to shortstop . Suzuki struck out swinging . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Deduno pitching for Twins . LeMahieu singled to right . Rutledge hit for Kahnle . LeMahieu caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rutledge hit by pitch . Blackmon struck out swinging . Rutledge to second on wild pitch by Deduno . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Plouffe singled to right . Parmelee singled to left , Plouffe to third . Willingham struck out swinging . Escobar walked , Parmelee to second . Fuld hit sacrifice fly to center , Plouffe scored , Parmelee to third . Colabello hit for Deduno . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Parmelee scored , Escobar to second on passed ball by Rosario . Colabello grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Morneau singled to left . Arenado struck out swinging . Dickerson fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Dozier homered to left ( 368 feet ) . Suzuki singled to right . Morales flied out to center . Plouffe flied out to center . Parmelee struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Fien pitching for Twins . Rosario struck out swinging . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Stubbs hit for Ottavino . Stubbs grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Brown pitching for Rockies . Willingham struck out swinging . Escobar singled to right center . Fuld singled to left , Escobar to second . Herrmann hit for Fien . Herrmann reached on infield single to second , Escobar scored , Fuld to second . Dozier homered to left ( 377 feet ) , Fuld and Herrmann scored . Suzuki grounded out to first . Morales grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Herrmann catching . Blackmon struck out swinging . Culberson hit for Gonzalez . Culberson fouled out to first . Tulowitzki doubled to deep right . McKenry hit for Morneau . McKenry grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 13 - Rockies 5 .	Dozier warms up for Derby with 2 HRs in win