Tigers - Top 1st . Milone pitching for Twins . Kinsler homered to left center ( 418 feet ) . Hunter struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Martinez singled to center . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Ray pitching for Tigers . Santana struck out swinging . Dozier popped out to second . Mauer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Milone pitching for Twins . Castellanos struck out swinging . Suarez struck out swinging . Holaday grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Ray pitching for Tigers . Vargas doubled to left . Arcia doubled to deep right center , Vargas scored . Plouffe doubled to left , Arcia scored . Suzuki struck out swinging . Escobar homered to left ( 385 feet ) , Plouffe scored . Schafer singled to center . Santana homered to left ( 388 feet ) , Schafer scored . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Dozier walked . Mauer singled to right , Dozier to third . Vargas struck out swinging . Arcia grounded out to pitcher . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Milone pitching for Twins . Davis grounded out to third . Kinsler grounded out to third . Hunter singled to left . Cabrera singled to right , Hunter to third . Martinez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Plouffe grounded out to pitcher . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Escobar singled to left . Coke pitching for Tigers . Schafer walked , Escobar to second . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Escobar out at third , Schafer to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Milone pitching for Twins . Martinez grounded out to third . Castellanos grounded out to shortstop . Suarez safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar . Holaday hit ground rule double to deep center , Suarez to third . Davis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 4th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Dozier grounded out to third . Mauer grounded out to first . Vargas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Milone pitching for Twins . Kinsler flied out to center . Hunter safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar . Cabrera singled to center , Hunter to third . Martinez singled to center , Hunter scored , Cabrera to second . Martinez doubled to deep center , Cabrera scored , Martinez to third . Castellanos reached on infield single to shortstop , Martinez scored . Suarez singled to left , Martinez to third , Castellanos to second . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Holaday hit sacrifice fly to left , Martinez scored , Castellanos to third , Suarez to second . Davis grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 5th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Arcia flied out to center . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Plouffe grounded out to pitcher . Suzuki lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Kinsler singled to left . Kinsler stole second . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Pressly pitching for Twins . Kinsler to third on wild pitch by Pressly . Cabrera intentionally walked . Martinez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Escobar tripled to deep center . Schafer walked . Schafer stole second . Santana walked . Dozier singled to left , Escobar scored , Schafer to third , Santana to second . Krol pitching for Tigers . Mauer singled to right center , Schafer and Santana scored , Dozier to third . Vargas walked , Mauer to second . Arcia grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Dozier scored on error by second baseman Kinsler , Mauer to third , Vargas to second . Plouffe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mauer and Vargas scored , Arcia safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Castellanos . Suzuki struck out swinging . Escobar struck out swinging . Schafer walked , Plouffe to second . Santana singled to center , Arcia and Plouffe scored , Schafer to third . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Dozier walked , Santana to second . Mauer walked , Schafer scored , Santana to third , Dozier to second . Vargas grounded out to first . 9 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Parmelee at first base . Burton pitching for Twins . Martinez flied out to right . Castellanos singled to right center . Suarez singled to left , Castellanos to second . Holaday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castellanos out at third , Suarez to second , Suarez to third , Holaday to second on throwing error by third baseman Plouffe . Davis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 7th . Romine at second base . Carrera in center field . Kelly at first base . Martinez in right field . Davis in left field . Chamberlain pitching for Tigers . Arcia lined out to first . Plouffe singled to center . Suzuki flied out to center . Escobar singled to center , Plouffe to third . Schafer singled to left , Plouffe scored , Escobar to second . Santana singled to center , Escobar to third , Schafer to second . Dozier walked , Escobar scored , Schafer to third , Santana to second . Parmelee fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Romine grounded out to third . Carrera reached on infield single to second . Kelly singled to center , Carrera to third . Avila hit for Martinez . Avila grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Carrera scored , Kelly out at second . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Romine pitching for Tigers . Kelly at second base . Avila at first base . Vargas doubled to deep left . Vargas to third on wild pitch by Romine . Arcia homered to right ( 414 feet ) , Vargas scored . Plouffe homered to left ( 422 feet ) . Suzuki struck out looking . Escobar singled to right . Schafer lined out to right . Santana lined out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Castellanos grounded out to second . Suarez grounded out to shortstop . Holaday lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 6 - Twins 20 .	Twins bat around twice to thrash Tigers 20 - 6