Tigers - Top 1st . Gibson pitching for Twins . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler struck out swinging . Hunter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Santana grounded out to first . Dozier grounded out to third . Mauer lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Martinez grounded out to first . Martinez singled to center . Martinez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Castellanos walked . Avila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Vargas struck out looking . Arcia flied out to left . Plouffe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Suarez singled to left . Kelly lined out to center . Davis singled to left , Suarez to second . Kinsler singled to left , Suarez scored , Davis to third . Hunter singled to right center , Davis scored , Kinsler to third . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kinsler scored , Hunter safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Dozier . Martinez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Martinez out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Suzuki singled to left . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . Schafer doubled to left center , Escobar to third . Santana doubled to right , Escobar and Schafer scored . Dozier singled to center , Santana scored . Mauer flied out to left . Vargas singled to center , Dozier to third . Arcia struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Castellanos struck out swinging . Avila grounded out to second . Suarez singled to center . Kelly walked , Suarez to second . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Plouffe hit by pitch . Suzuki flied out to left . Escobar struck out swinging . Schafer reached on infield single to third , Plouffe to second . Plouffe to third , Schafer to second on wild pitch by Scherzer . Santana grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Kinsler singled to center . Hunter hit by pitch , Kinsler to second . Martinez singled to left center , Kinsler scored , Hunter to second . Hunter to third , Martinez to second on wild pitch by Gibson . Martinez walked . Castellanos struck out swinging . Avila grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hunter scored , Martinez out at second , Martinez to third . Suarez walked , Avila to second . Duensing pitching for Twins . Kelly grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Dozier walked . Mauer flied out to left . Vargas singled to right , Dozier to third . Arcia struck out swinging . Plouffe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Davis grounded out to third . Kinsler walked . Kinsler stole second . Hunter popped out to second . Martinez homered to left center ( 388 feet ) , Kinsler scored . Martinez doubled to deep left center . Castellanos intentionally walked . Avila walked , Martinez to third , Castellanos to second . Suarez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Suzuki hit by pitch . Escobar struck out looking . Schafer walked , Suzuki to second . Santana singled to right , Suzuki to third , Schafer to second . Dozier lined out to left . Coke pitching for Tigers . Mauer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Deduno pitching for Twins . Kelly walked . Davis homered to left ( 382 feet ) , Kelly scored . Kinsler lined out to shortstop . Hunter flied out to right . Martinez singled to left . Martinez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Vargas singled to center . Arcia flied out to center . Plouffe doubled to deep right , Vargas to third . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop , Vargas scored , Plouffe to third . Escobar popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Fien pitching for Twins . Castellanos singled to center . Avila singled to center , Castellanos to third . Suarez singled to left , Castellanos scored , Avila to second . Kelly singled to right , Avila to third , Suarez to second . Davis flied out to right . Kinsler struck out swinging . Hunter tripled to deep right , Avila , Suarez and Kelly scored . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Davis in left field . Romine at second base . Carrera in center field . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Schafer struck out swinging . Santana flied out to left . Nunez hit for Dozier . Nunez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Nunez at second base . Parmelee at first base . Perkins pitching for Twins . Carrera lined out to left . Castellanos flied out to center . Avila singled to right center . Suarez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . McCoy pitching for Tigers . Parmelee singled to left . Vargas struck out swinging . Arcia struck out swinging . Plouffe reached on infield single to third , Parmelee to second . Fryer hit for Suzuki . Fryer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 13 - Twins 4 .	Martinez has 4 RBIs to pace Tigers over Twins