Mariners - Top 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Segura singled to left. Haniger reached on bunt single to third, Segura to second. Canó flied out to left, Segura to third, Haniger to second. Cruz hit sacrifice fly to right, Segura scored, Haniger to third. Motter singled to left, Haniger scored. Motter stole second. Vogelbach flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Kinsler doubled to left. Collins lined out to left. Castellanos walked. Martínez flied out to left, Kinsler to third. Upton doubled to deep left, Kinsler scored, Castellanos to third. Avila struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Heredia singled to left. Zunino grounded into double play, third to second to first, Heredia out at second. Dyson fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Adduci reached on infield single to third. McCann homered to right (363 feet), Adduci scored. Romine flied out to right. Kinsler reached on infield single to second. Collins singled to right, Kinsler to third. Kinsler scored, Collins to second on wild pitch by Hernández. Castellanos walked. Martínez flied out to left. Upton struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Segura grounded out to second. Haniger singled to center. Valencia ran for Haniger. Canó grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Valencia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Valencia in right field. Heston pitching for Mariners. Avila grounded out to shortstop. Adduci grounded out to second. McCann singled to center. Romine singled to left, McCann to second. Kinsler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Cruz singled to right. Motter lined out to left. Vogelbach singled to deep right, Cruz to second. Heredia grounded into double play, third to second to first, Vogelbach out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Heston pitching for Mariners. Collins walked. Castellanos flied out to right. Martínez struck out swinging. Upton homered to left (409 feet), Collins scored. Avila homered to center (429 feet). Adduci tripled to deep right center. McCann grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Zunino struck out swinging. Dyson grounded out to first. Segura homered to left center (430 feet). Valencia homered to left (404 feet). Canó grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Heston pitching for Mariners. Romine singled to right. Kinsler singled to right, Romine to second. Marshall pitching for Mariners. Collins doubled to deep left, Romine scored, Kinsler to third. Castellanos singled to center, Kinsler and Collins scored. Martínez doubled to right, Castellanos to third. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Avila intentionally walked. Adduci struck out swinging. McCann walked, Castellanos scored, Martínez to third, Avila to second. Romine reached on infield single to shortstop, Martínez scored, Avila to third, McCann to second. Kinsler singled to center, Avila and McCann scored, Romine to third, Kinsler to second advancing on throw. Collins singled to center, Romine and Kinsler scored. Castellanos lined out to shortstop. 9 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Cruz homered to left center (438 feet). Motter grounded out to third. Vogelbach grounded out to first. Heredia singled to right center. Zunino hit by pitch, Heredia to second. Dyson popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Marshall pitching for Mariners. Martínez grounded out to first. Upton walked. Avila singled to center, Upton to second. Adduci flied out to left. McCann flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Greene pitching for Tigers. Segura grounded out to third. Valencia walked. Canó singled to right center, Valencia to third. Cruz singled to left, Valencia scored, Canó to second. Motter flied out to left. Vogelbach walked, Canó to third, Cruz to second. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Heredia lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Pazos pitching for Mariners. Romine grounded out to second. Machado hit for Kinsler. Machado walked. Collins grounded out to first, Machado to second. Castellanos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Machado at second base. Mahtook in left field. Ryan pitching for Tigers. Zunino walked. Dyson walked, Zunino to second. Segura lined out to left. Valencia singled to right, Zunino to third, Dyson to second. Canó hit sacrifice fly to center, Zunino scored, Dyson to third. Valencia to second on fielder's indifference. Cruz flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Scribner pitching for Mariners. Hicks hit for Martínez. Hicks singled to right. Mahtook homered to left center (412 feet), Hicks scored. Avila singled to right. Adduci doubled to right, Avila to third. McCann grounded out to shortstop, Avila scored. Romine flied out to center, Adduci to third. Machado lined out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Jiménez pitching for Tigers. Motter lined out to right. Vogelbach lined out to center. Heredia walked. Heredia to second on fielder's indifference. Zunino walked. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Dyson singled to right, Heredia to third, Zunino to second. Segura singled to center, Heredia and Zunino scored, Dyson to second. Valencia walked, Dyson to third, Segura to second. Canó grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 9 - Tigers 19.	Tigers score 9 in 5th, rout Mariners 19-9