Giants - Top 1st . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Durham grounded out to second . Alfonzo struck out swinging . Aurilia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Ainsworth pitching for Giants . Rollins struck out swinging . Ledee lined out to left . Abreu walked . Burrell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Bonds popped out to third . Cruz homered to right center . Santiago struck out looking . Snow walked . Grissom grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Snow out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Ainsworth pitching for Giants . Thome popped out to third . Lieberthal singled to right . Bell lined out to shortstop . Utley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Ainsworth grounded out to second . Durham reached on infield single to first . Alfonzo hit by pitch , Durham to second . Aurilia struck out looking . Bonds doubled to right , Durham scored , Alfonzo thrown out at home . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Ainsworth pitching for Giants . Padilla grounded out to second . Rollins singled to center . Ledee doubled to right center , Rollins scored . Abreu walked . Burrell grounded into double play , third to first , Ledee out at third , Abreu to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . Santiago struck out swinging . Snow lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Ainsworth pitching for Giants . Thome doubled to right center . Lieberthal singled to right , Thome to third . Bell singled to left , Thome scored , Lieberthal to second . Utley lined into double play , second to shortstop , Lieberthal doubled off second . Padilla struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Grissom reached on infield single to shortstop . Ainsworth bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Grissom out at second . Durham grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ainsworth out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Ainsworth pitching for Giants . Rollins popped out to third . Ledee flied out to left . Abreu singled to left . Burrell singled to right center , Abreu to third . Thome walked , Burrell to second . Lieberthal flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Alfonzo walked . Aurilia singled to left , Alfonzo to second . Bonds struck out swinging . Cruz flied out to shallow left . Santiago grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aurilia out at second , Alfonzo to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Ainsworth pitching for Giants . Bell flied out to center . Utley flied out to right . Padilla grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Snow doubled to deep right . Galarraga hit for Ainsworth . Grissom lined out to right . Galarraga grounded out to third . Nathan pitching for Giants . Durham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Nathan pitching for Giants . Rollins flied out to center . Ledee walked . Abreu walked , Ledee to second . Burrell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Abreu out at second , Ledee to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop . Aurilia safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Utley . Bonds flied out to right . Cruz walked , Aurilia to second . Santiago reached on infield single to third , Aurilia to third , Cruz to second . Plesac pitching for Phillies . Snow safe at third on error by left fielder Burrell , Aurilia , Cruz and Santiago scored . Adams pitching for Phillies . Grissom homered to right , Snow scored . Nathan struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Nathan pitching for Giants . Thome struck out swinging . Lieberthal walked . Bell flied out to right center . Utley flied out to shallow right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Adams pitching for Phillies . Durham singled to right . Alfonzo safe at first on error by third baseman Bell , Durham to second . Aurilia popped out to shallow center . Bonds struck out looking . Cruz walked , Durham to third , Alfonzo to second . Eyre pitching for Giants . Rivera in left field . Perez hit for Adams . Santiago grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cruz out at second , Alfonzo to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Eyre pitching for Giants . Perez singled to right . Perez to second on wild pitch by Eyre . Michaels hit for Ledee . Rollins flied out to shallow left center . Michaels struck out looking . Abreu homered to left , Perez scored . Burrell walked . Thome flied out to left . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 7 - Phillies 4 .	Phillies ' fielding errors let Giants have field day