Giants - Top 1st . Harang pitching for Athletics . Durham struck out looking . Alfonzo grounded out to pitcher . Grissom struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Byrnes singled to left . Hatteberg singled to shallow right , Byrnes to second . Byrnes to third , Hatteberg to second on wild pitch by Moss . Tejada popped out to shortstop . Durazo struck out swinging . Dye singled to right center , Byrnes and Hatteberg scored . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Harang pitching for Athletics . Bonds fouled out to catcher . Santiago singled to left . Galarraga singled to shallow right center , Santiago to second . Aurilia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Galarraga out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Melhuse struck out looking . McMillon singled to center . Menechino grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McMillon out at second . Byrnes popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Harang pitching for Athletics . Cruz struck out swinging . Santos flied out to deep right . Durham grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Hatteberg singled to center . Tejada lined out to third . Durazo flied out to right center . Dye struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Harang pitching for Athletics . Alfonzo singled to left center . Grissom fouled out to third . Bonds grounded out to second , Alfonzo to second . Santiago walked . Galarraga struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Chavez reached on infield single to first . Melhuse lined out to shortstop . McMillon grounded out to second , Chavez to second . Menechino grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Harang pitching for Athletics . Aurilia flied out to right . Cruz struck out swinging . Santos doubled to left . Durham doubled to center , Santos scored . Alfonzo flied out to left center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Byrnes flied out to center . Hatteberg hit by pitch . Tejada homered to left , Hatteberg scored . Durazo walked . Dye grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Durazo out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Harang pitching for Athletics . Grissom grounded out to third . Bonds popped out to shallow left . Santiago singled to center . Galarraga doubled to deep right center , Santiago scored . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Aurilia singled to right , Galarraga to third . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Aurilia out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Chavez walked . Melhuse grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to second , Chavez out at second . McMillon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Long in left field . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Santos grounded out to shortstop . Durham grounded out to pitcher . Brower pitching for Giants . Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Brower pitching for Giants . Menechino reached on infield single to third . Byrnes walked , Menechino to second . Hatteberg safe at first on error by third baseman Alfonzo , Menechino to third , Byrnes to second . Tejada hit sacrifice fly to left , Menechino scored . Eyre pitching for Giants . Durazo walked , Byrnes to third , Hatteberg to second . Dye lined out to shortstop . Chavez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Top 8th . Ellis at second base . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Grissom grounded out to shortstop . Bonds homered to right center . Santiago bunt grounded out to pitcher . Galarraga struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Melhuse struck out looking . Long flied out to left . Ellis walked . Byrnes singled to left , Ellis to second . Foulke pitching for Athletics . Hatteberg popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Foulke pitching for Athletics . Aurilia flied out to right . Feliz hit for Santos . Cruz struck out swinging . Feliz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 3 - Athletics 5 .	Oakland 's Harang picks up first win vs. Giants