Cardinals - Top 1st . Rueter pitching for Giants . Hart tripled to right center . Edmonds hit sacrifice fly to left , Hart scored . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Rolen flied out to deep right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Durham flied out to left . Snow walked . Grissom grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Snow safe at third on error by third baseman Rolen , Grissom to second advancing on play . Cruz homered to right , Snow and Grissom scored . Alfonzo singled to right center . Perez walked , Alfonzo to second . Feliz flied out to center . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Perez out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Perez walked . Renteria reached on bunt single to third , Perez to second . Drew grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Renteria out at second , Perez to third . Matheny walked . Haren walked , Matheny to second . Brower pitching for Giants . Hart grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Brower singled to right . Durham doubled to right , Brower to third . Snow struck out looking . Grissom grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brower scored . Durham to third , Grissom to second on wild pitch by Haren . Cruz hit sacrifice fly to left , Durham scored . Alfonzo singled to left , Grissom scored . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Perez singled to shallow center , Alfonzo thrown out at third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Brower pitching for Giants . Edmonds struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to third . Rolen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Feliz grounded out to pitcher . Torrealba struck out looking . Brower grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Brower pitching for Giants . Perez grounded out to second . Renteria grounded out to second . Drew flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Durham grounded out to third . Snow grounded out to third . Grissom singled to center . Cruz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Brower pitching for Giants . Matheny flied out to center . Simontacchi struck out looking . Hart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Alfonzo singled to left . Perez safe at second on error by second baseman Hart , Alfonzo to third . Feliz hit sacrifice fly to left , Alfonzo scored . Torrealba reached on infield single to third . Brower grounded out to second , Perez to third , Torrealba to second . Durham grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 6th . Brower pitching for Giants . Edmonds hit ground rule double to left center . Pujols singled to left , Edmonds scored . Delgado hit for Rolen . Delgado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols out at second . Delgado at third base . Perez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Delgado out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Snow struck out swinging . Grissom singled to left . Cruz struck out swinging . Nathan pitching for Giants . Alfonzo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 7th . Nathan pitching for Giants . Renteria struck out swinging . Drew struck out looking . Matheny grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Perez flied out to left center . Feliz flied out to center . Palmeiro hit for Simontacchi . Torrealba lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Nathan pitching for Giants . Palmeiro singled to right . Hart struck out swinging . Edmonds struck out swinging . Fassero pitching for Cardinals . Galarraga hit for Nathan . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Fassero pitching for Cardinals . Galarraga homered to left center . Durham flied out to right . Snow reached on infield single to second . Grissom fouled out to catcher . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Cruz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Delgado flied out to center . Perez doubled to left . Renteria flied out to right , Perez to third . Drew doubled to left , Perez scored . Matheny grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 3 - Giants 8 .	Making a splash : Cruz 's ' thrill ' leads Giants past Cards