Giants - Top 1st . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham homered to right . Snow flied out to left . Grissom struck out swinging . Bonds fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Giants . Counsell grounded out to second . Kata struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz flied out to right . Aurilia popped out to second . Alfonzo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Giants . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Finley grounded out to second . Cintron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Williams struck out swinging . Durham singled to right . Snow flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Giants . Dellucci struck out swinging . Moeller grounded out to pitcher . Schilling popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Grissom fouled out to third . Bonds homered to right center . Cruz grounded out to second . Aurilia grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Giants . Counsell walked . Kata grounded out to third , Counsell to second . Gonzalez flied out to left . Hillenbrand flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Alfonzo struck out swinging . Torrealba reached on infield single to third . Williams sacrificed to pitcher , Torrealba to second . Durham walked . Snow singled to right , Torrealba scored , Durham to third . Grissom flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Giants . Finley safe at first on error by first baseman Snow . Cintron singled to left , Finley to second . Dellucci singled to right , Finley to third , Cintron to second . Moeller struck out swinging . Schilling popped out to shallow right . Counsell walked , Finley scored , Cintron to third , Dellucci to second . Kata struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 6th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonds hit by pitch . Cruz walked , Bonds to second . Aurilia struck out swinging . Alfonzo doubled to left , Bonds scored , Cruz to third . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cruz scored on error by pitcher Schilling , Alfonzo to third . Williams sacrificed to first , Torrealba to second . Durham flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Giants . Gonzalez walked . Hillenbrand popped out to shallow left . Finley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gonzalez out at second . Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks . Cintron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks . Snow hit by pitch . Grissom reached on infield single to third , Snow to second . Bonds doubled to left , Snow and Grissom scored . Hillenbrand at third base . Counsell at shortstop . Baerga at first base . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz struck out swinging . Aurilia flied out to right . Eyre pitching for Giants . McCracken hit for Dellucci . Alfonzo flied out to right center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Eyre pitching for Giants . McCracken struck out swinging . Moeller walked . Baerga struck out swinging . Moeller to second on wild pitch by Eyre . McCracken in right field . Counsell struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrealba walked . Eyre sacrificed to second , Torrealba to second . Durham grounded out to second , Torrealba to third . Snow safe at first on error by first baseman Baerga , Torrealba scored . Grissom struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Eyre pitching for Giants . Kata struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Hillenbrand walked . Terrero hit for Villarreal . Finley singled to center , Hillenbrand to second . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Terrero hit by pitch , Hillenbrand to third , Finley to second . Terrero in right field . Myers pitching for Diamondbacks . McCracken struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Bonds popped out to third . Raggio pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz walked . Aurilia popped out to shortstop . Nathan pitching for Giants . Alfonzo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Nathan pitching for Giants . Moeller struck out looking . Baerga grounded out to second . Counsell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 8 - Diamondbacks 1 .	Red - hot Bonds hits moonshot off Schilling