Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Giants . Finley grounded out to second . Kata struck out looking . Gonzalez singled to left . Hillenbrand singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Cintron grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at third , Hillenbrand to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham struck out swinging . Snow lined out to left . Grissom flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Giants . Bautista struck out swinging . Hammock grounded out to shortstop . Counsell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonds grounded out to third . Santiago grounded out to shortstop . Aurilia flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Giants . Webb grounded out to second . Finley flied out to left . Kata grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Alfonzo walked . Cruz grounded out to second , Alfonzo to second . Williams struck out looking . Alfonzo out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Durham batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Williams pitching for Giants . Gonzalez safe at first on error by second baseman Durham . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . Cintron flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham singled to right center . Snow walked , Durham to second . Grissom grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Snow out at second , Durham to third . Bonds intentionally walked . Santiago singled to center , Durham scored , Bonds to second . Aurilia flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Giants . Bautista singled to center . Hammock singled to right , Bautista tagged out at third . Counsell grounded out to first , Hammock to second . Webb grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Alfonzo grounded out to first . Cruz struck out looking . Williams grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Williams pitching for Giants . Finley struck out looking . Kata grounded out to second . Gonzalez homered to right . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham singled to left . Durham caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Snow walked . Grissom grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Snow out at second . Bonds walked , Grissom to second . Santiago struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Williams pitching for Giants . Cintron singled to left . Bautista sacrificed to first , Cintron to second . Hammock singled to left center , Cintron scored . Counsell popped out to shallow left . Webb singled to center , Hammock to second . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Finley singled to right , Hammock scored , Webb to third . Kata walked , Finley to second . Gonzalez walked , Webb scored , Finley to third , Kata to second . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Hillenbrand singled to left , Finley and Kata scored , Gonzalez to second . Cintron singled to left , Gonzalez to third , Hillenbrand to second . Bautista singled to center , Gonzalez and Hillenbrand scored , Cintron to third , Bautista to second on error by center fielder Grissom . Hammock grounded out to pitcher . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Aurilia struck out looking . Alfonzo struck out looking . Perez at second base . Feliz at first base . Young in center field . Linden in left field . Castillo catching . Zerbe pitching for Giants . Ransom at shortstop . Cruz popped out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . McCracken hit for Webb . Zerbe pitching for Giants . Counsell flied out to left . McCracken flied out to center . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Finley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Ransom grounded out to third . Perez fouled out to third . Feliz singled to center . Young walked , Feliz to second . Feliz at third base . Linden in right field . Lowry pitching for Giants . Niekro at first base . Torcato in left field . Linden struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Kata grounded out to second . Gonzalez struck out looking . Hillenbrand singled to center . Cintron flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Benard hit for Lowry . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Castillo flied out to right . Benard struck out swinging . Niekro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Giants 1 .	Webb gets rare offensive support