Pirates - Top 1st. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Kendall walked. Wilson singled to right, Kendall to second. Ward doubled to deep left, Kendall and Wilson scored. Wilson struck out swinging. Mackowiak grounded out to first, Ward to third. Bay walked. Hill flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Benson pitching for Pirates. Womack grounded out to third. Edmonds doubled to deep left. Pujols struck out swinging. Rolen walked. Mabry grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Castillo struck out swinging. Benson reached on infield single to third. Kendall grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Benson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Benson pitching for Pirates. Renteria singled to right. Sanders lined out to center. Renteria stole second, Renteria safe at third on throwing error by catcher Kendall. Matheny struck out swinging. Marquis singled to right center, Renteria scored. Womack flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 3rd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Wilson doubled to deep center. Ward walked. Wilson doubled to deep left, Wilson scored, Ward to third. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Bay walked. Hill singled to right, Ward scored, Wilson to third, Bay to second. Castillo struck out swinging. Benson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Benson pitching for Pirates. Edmonds homered to left. Pujols popped out to second. Rolen flied out to center. Mabry singled to right. Renteria struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Kendall singled to center. Wilson grounded out to third, Kendall to second. Ward tripled to deep right, Kendall scored. Wilson struck out looking. Mackowiak singled to right, Ward scored. Bay grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Benson pitching for Pirates. Sanders grounded out to third. Lankford hit for Marquis. Matheny flied out to right. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Lankford lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Hill struck out swinging. Castillo singled to right. Benson sacrificed to pitcher, Castillo to second. Kendall singled to center, Castillo to third. Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop, Castillo scored, Kendall to second. Ward homered to right, Kendall and Wilson scored. Wilson struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Benson pitching for Pirates. Womack singled to left. Womack stole second. Edmonds lined out to left. Pujols flied out to right, Womack to third. Rolen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Bay hit ground rule double to deep center. Hill grounded out to first, Bay to third. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Benson pitching for Pirates. Mabry doubled to deep right. Renteria singled to left, Mabry scored. Sanders popped out to shortstop. Anderson hit for Calero. Matheny struck out swinging. King pitching for Cardinals. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. King pitching for Cardinals. Benson grounded out to shortstop. Kendall flied out to center. Wilson singled to center. Ward popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Benson pitching for Pirates. Womack singled to center. Edmonds struck out looking. Pujols doubled to deep right, Womack to third. Rolen singled to right, Womack and Pujols scored. Mabry walked, Rolen to second. Torres pitching for Pirates. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rolen out at third, Mabry to second. Sanders singled to left center, Mabry scored, Renteria to second. Cedeno hit for King. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Matheny singled to left, Renteria scored, Sanders to second. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Redman ran for Wilson. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Wilson hit by pitch. Redman stole second. Mackowiak grounded out to first, Redman to third. Bay hit sacrifice fly to right, Redman scored. Hill singled to right. Stynes hit for Grabow. Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop, Hill to second. Redman in center field. Mackowiak in right field. Johnston pitching for Pirates. Stynes at third base. Stynes grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Johnston pitching for Pirates. Womack grounded out to shortstop. Edmonds singled to center. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Pujols grounded out to shortstop, Edmonds to second. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Rolen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Kendall singled to center. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kendall out at second. Ward singled to right, Wilson to third. Redman grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Wilson out at home, Ward to second. Mesa pitching for Pirates. Mackowiak flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Mesa pitching for Pirates. Mabry struck out looking. Renteria singled to left. Sanders hit ground rule double to right, Renteria to third. McKay hit for Kline. Matheny grounded out to shortstop, Renteria scored. McKay flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 11 - Cardinals 8.	Pirates, 1B Ward cycle past Cardinals 11-8