Cubs - Top 1st. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Macias grounded out to second. Walker flied out to left. Alou reached on infield single to third. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Alou out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Kendall singled to center. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kendall out at second. Ward popped out to shortstop. Wilson lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Barrett singled to center. Patterson struck out swinging. Ordonez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Mackowiak walked. Bay walked, Mackowiak to second. Simon singled to right, Mackowiak scored, Bay tagged out at third. Castillo singled to right, Simon to second. Burnett bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Simon out at third, Castillo to second. Kendall hit by pitch, Castillo to third, Burnett to second. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kendall out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Zambrano struck out swinging. Macias struck out swinging. Walker singled to right. Alou safe at first on error by shortstop Wilson, Walker to second. Ramirez lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Ward singled to center. Wilson hit by pitch, Ward to second. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Bay flied out to right. Simon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Lee grounded out to second. Barrett flied out to right. Patterson singled to right. Ordonez walked, Patterson to second. Zambrano grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Castillo struck out looking. Burnett struck out looking. Kendall singled to center. Wilson singled to shallow left, Kendall to second. Ward hit by pitch, Kendall to third, Wilson to second. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Macias grounded out to shortstop. Walker walked. Alou flied out to left, Walker to second. Ramirez intentionally walked. Lee hit ground rule double to deep right, Walker scored, Ramirez to third. Barrett flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Mackowiak lined out to right. Bay doubled to deep right. Simon intentionally walked. Hill hit for Burnett. Castillo struck out swinging. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Patterson flied out to center. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. Zambrano doubled to center. Macias grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Kendall grounded out to second. Wilson grounded out to second. Ward reached on infield single to first. Wilson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Walker struck out looking. Alou safe at first on error by third baseman Mackowiak. Boehringer pitching for Pirates. Ramirez singled to left, Alou to second. Lee singled to center, Alou scored, Ramirez to third. Barrett doubled to right, Ramirez scored, Lee to third. Hollandsworth hit for Ordonez. Patterson intentionally walked. Martinez hit for Zambrano. Hollandsworth walked, Lee scored, Barrett to third, Patterson to second. Martinez struck out swinging. Remlinger pitching for Cubs. Martinez at shortstop. Macias grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Remlinger pitching for Cubs. Mackowiak bunt popped out to pitcher. Bay grounded out to catcher. Ward at first base. Wilson in right field. Bay in left field. Torres pitching for Pirates. Redman in center field. Simon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Walker singled to center. Alou flied out to left, Walker to second. Ramirez singled to center, Walker scored. Hawkins pitching for Cubs. Lee grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Hawkins pitching for Cubs. Castillo struck out swinging. Redman grounded out to second. Johnston pitching for Pirates. Kendall grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Johnston pitching for Pirates. Barrett walked. Kelton hit for Hawkins. Patterson sacrificed to first, Barrett to second, Patterson safe at first on error by pitcher Johnston. Barrett caught stealing third, pitcher to third to shortstop, Patterson to second on runner's fielder's choice. Kelton grounded out to third. Martinez singled to right, Patterson scored. Macias doubled to left, Martinez to third. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Pittsburgh's Johnston ejected by Samuels in the 9th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Alou singled to left, Martinez and Macias scored, Walker to second. Ramirez doubled to left, Walker scored, Alou to third. Lee tripled to deep right, Alou and Ramirez scored. Nunez pitching for Pirates. Barrett singled to center, Lee scored. Borowski pitching for Cubs. Pittsburgh's Manager Mcclendon ejected by Samuels in the 9th. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Borowski pitching for Cubs. Wilson flied out to right. Ward lined out to right. Wilson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 12 - Pirates 1.	Cubs snap back from five-game skid