Cardinals - Top 1st. Wells pitching for Pirates. Womack singled to center. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Womack out at second. Pujols homered to left, Anderson scored. Edmonds walked. Lankford grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Edmonds out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Kendall reached on infield single to second. Wilson grounded out to third, Kendall to second. Ward flied out to left, Kendall scored. Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop. Mackowiak struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Wells pitching for Pirates. Renteria grounded out to first. Mabry grounded out to first. Matheny flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Hill hit by pitch. Simon flied out to right. Castillo struck out swinging. Wells struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Wells pitching for Pirates. Carpenter grounded out to second. Womack singled to left. Womack caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Anderson walked. Pujols lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. Ward grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Wells pitching for Pirates. Edmonds walked. Lankford walked, Edmonds to second. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lankford out at second, Edmonds to third. McKay hit for Matheny. Mabry hit sacrifice fly to left, Edmonds scored, Mabry safe at second on error by left fielder Wilson. Renteria to third, Mabry to second on error by left fielder Wilson. McKay grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Renteria out at home, Mabry to third. Carpenter grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 4th. McKay catching. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Wilson singled to left. Mackowiak singled to center, Wilson to second. Hill singled to deep right, Wilson scored, Mackowiak to third, Hill to second on error by right fielder Anderson. Simon hit sacrifice fly to center, Mackowiak scored. Castillo flied out to right, Hill to third. Wells struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 5th. Wells pitching for Pirates. Womack singled to right center. Anderson grounded out to second, Womack to second. Pujols intentionally walked. Edmonds struck out swinging. Lankford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Kendall flied out to right. Wilson grounded out to second. Johnston pitching for Pirates. Ward struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Johnston pitching for Pirates. Renteria singled to right. Mabry doubled to deep left center, Renteria scored. McKay struck out looking. Carpenter struck out swinging. Womack singled to left, Mabry scored. Taguchi in right field. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Wilson grounded out to third. Mackowiak singled to right. Hill struck out looking. Simon grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Johnston pitching for Pirates. Pujols struck out swinging. Edmonds doubled to deep left center. Edmonds stole third. Lankford walked. Renteria grounded out to pitcher, Lankford to second. Mabry intentionally walked. McKay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mabry out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Nunez hit for Johnston. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Castillo struck out swinging. Nunez struck out looking. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Kendall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Carpenter grounded out to third. Womack flied out to center. Taguchi safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Hill, Taguchi tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Ward grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wilson out at second. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Wilson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Sanders hit for Lankford. Edmonds grounded out to first. Taguchi in left field. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno in right field. Sanders lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Mackowiak popped out to shortstop. Hill grounded out to first. Simon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Pirates 3.	Pujols hits 17th home run in Cardinals' victory