Pirates - Top 1st. Redding pitching for Astros. Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop. Wilson flied out to left. Ward singled to center, Kendall to second. Wilson flied out to center, Kendall to third. Mackowiak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Biggio grounded out to shortstop. Vizcaino grounded out to second. Berkman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Redding pitching for Astros. Bay grounded out to third. Redman fouled out to left. Castillo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Kent walked. Bagwell flied out to center. Lamb singled to center, Kent to second. Ausmus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lamb out at second, Kent to third. Palmeiro walked, Ausmus to second. Redding grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Redding pitching for Astros. Fogg singled to center. Kendall grounded into double play, third to second to first, Fogg out at second. Wilson singled to left. Ward flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Biggio flied out to left. Vizcaino singled to left center. Berkman walked, Vizcaino to second. Kent grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Berkman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Redding pitching for Astros. Wilson singled to center. Mackowiak walked, Wilson to second. Bay doubled to left, Wilson scored, Mackowiak to third. Redman singled to left, Mackowiak scored, Bay to third. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bay scored, Redman out at second. Fogg sacrificed to first, Castillo to second. Bullinger pitching for Astros. Kendall singled to center, Castillo scored. Wilson reached on bunt single to third, Kendall to second. Ward grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Bagwell grounded out to third. Lamb singled to center. Ausmus grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Lamb out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Bullinger pitching for Astros. Wilson struck out swinging. Mackowiak grounded out to pitcher. Bay grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Everett hit for Bullinger. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Palmeiro singled to center. Everett hit by pitch, Palmeiro to second. Biggio singled to left, Palmeiro to third, Everett to second. Vizcaino singled to left center, Palmeiro scored, Everett to third, Biggio to second. Berkman doubled to deep center, Everett, Biggio and Vizcaino scored. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Kent singled to center, Berkman scored. Ensberg hit for Lamb. Bagwell singled to shallow left center, Kent tagged out at third, Bagwell to second. Ensberg walked. Ausmus flied out to right. Ensberg at third base. Weathers pitching for Astros. Lane in right field. Palmeiro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bagwell out at third. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Weathers pitching for Astros. Redman struck out looking. Castillo struck out swinging. Grabow grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Lane homered to right. Biggio reached on infield single to shortstop. Vizcaino sacrificed to pitcher, Biggio to second. Berkman struck out swinging. Kent grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Weathers pitching for Astros. Kendall popped out to second. Wilson flied out to right. Johnston pitching for Pirates. Ward grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Johnston pitching for Pirates. Bagwell walked. Ensberg flied out to right. Bruntlett hit for Weathers. Ausmus flied out to right. Bruntlett walked, Bagwell to second. Vizcaino at second base. Miceli pitching for Astros. Bruntlett at shortstop. Lane popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Miceli pitching for Astros. Wilson fouled out to catcher. Mackowiak grounded out to first. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Johnston pitching for Pirates. Biggio walked. Vizcaino reached on infield single to shortstop, Biggio to second. Miller hit for Miceli. Torres pitching for Pirates. Berkman singled to center, Biggio scored, Vizcaino to second. Miller struck out bunting foul. Dotel pitching for Astros. Bagwell grounded into double play, third to first, Vizcaino out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Nunez hit for Castillo. Dotel pitching for Astros. Redman singled to left. Simon hit for Torres. Nunez flied out to left. Redman to second on fielder's indifference. Simon doubled to left, Redman scored. Kendall flied out to center. Wilson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 5 - Astros 7.	Berkman, Kent drive Astros rally over Bucs