Expos - Top 1st. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. Wilkerson doubled to deep right center. Vidro grounded out to first, Wilkerson to third. Batista fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Biddle pitching for Expos. Kendall flied out to center. Wilson singled to left. Mackowiak grounded out to second, Wilson to second. Wilson homered to left, Wilson scored. Bay struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 2nd. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Sledge walked. Cabrera grounded out to third, Sledge to second. Johnson flied out to center. Schneider singled to shallow left, Sledge scored. Biddle struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Biddle pitching for Expos. Redman hit by pitch. Redman stole second. Simon grounded out to second. Redman caught stealing home, to catcher. Castillo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 3rd. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Chavez flied out to center. Wilkerson doubled to deep center. Vidro reached on infield single to first, Wilkerson scored on error by pitcher Fogg. Batista grounded into double play, third to second to first, Vidro out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Biddle pitching for Expos. Fogg grounded out to shortstop. Kendall singled to shallow right. Wilson walked, Kendall to second. Mackowiak grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilson out at second, Kendall to third. Wilson walked, Mackowiak to second. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 4th. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Sledge grounded out to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Johnson doubled to center. Schneider intentionally walked. Biddle grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Biddle pitching for Expos. Redman grounded out to shortstop. Simon grounded out to shortstop. Castillo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 5th. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Chavez grounded out to second. Wilkerson walked. Vidro grounded out to second, Wilkerson to second. Batista grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Biddle pitching for Expos. Fogg struck out swinging. Kendall grounded out to third. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 6th. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Sledge safe at first on error by first baseman Simon. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Cabrera singled to left, Sledge to third. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sledge out at home, Cabrera to second. Tucker pitching for Expos. Schneider grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Mackowiak grounded out to second. Wilson singled to left. Sledge at first base. Horgan pitching for Expos. Rivera in right field. Bay flied out to right. Redman lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 7th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Rivera doubled to deep right center. Chavez reached on bunt single to third, Rivera to third. Wilkerson walked, Chavez to second. Vidro grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Rivera out at home, Chavez to third, Wilkerson to second. Batista intentionally walked. Sledge reached on infield single to first, Chavez and Wilkerson scored, Batista to second. Carroll hit for Horgan. Roberts pitching for Pirates. Calloway hit for Carroll. Cabrera reached on infield single to second, Batista to third, Sledge to second. Calloway singled to center, Batista and Sledge scored, Cabrera to second. Cabrera to third, Calloway to second on wild pitch by Roberts. Wilkerson at first base. Sledge in left field. Ayala pitching for Expos. Schneider grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Ayala pitching for Expos. Simon grounded out to pitcher. House hit for Roberts. Castillo struck out swinging. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. House struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 8th. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Chavez flied out to left. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Ayala pitching for Expos. Kendall singled to right center. Wilson flied out to center. Mackowiak singled to center, Kendall to second. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Wilson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mackowiak out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 9th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Vidro lined out to left. Batista struck out swinging. Cordero pitching for Expos. Sledge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Cordero pitching for Expos. Bay flied out to center. Redman walked. Hill hit for Castillo. Simon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Redman out at second. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Expos 6 - Pirates 2.	Expos take Sledge to Bucs