Pirates - Top 1st. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Kendall singled to right. Wilson singled to left, Kendall to third. Mackowiak singled to center, Kendall scored, Wilson to second. Wilson struck out looking. Bay singled to left, Wilson scored, Mackowiak to second. Redman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bay out at second, Mackowiak to third. Wigginton grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Womack grounded out to shortstop. Walker walked. Pujols lined out to third, Walker to second on throwing error by third baseman Wigginton. Edmonds intentionally walked. Renteria homered to right, Walker and Edmonds scored. Mabry flied out to right. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 2nd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Castillo singled to right. Vogelsong sacrificed to pitcher, Castillo to second. Kendall singled to center, Castillo to third. Wilson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Sanders flied out to right. Matheny lined out to second. Morris singled to center. Womack singled to left, Morris to second. Walker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Mackowiak grounded out to second. Wilson struck out swinging. Bay reached on infield single to third. Bay caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Redman batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Pujols flied out to left. Edmonds singled to deep left center. Renteria grounded into double play, third to second to first, Edmonds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Redman struck out swinging. Wigginton walked. Castillo struck out swinging. Vogelsong singled to left, Wigginton to second. Kendall lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Mabry struck out swinging. Sanders hit by pitch. Matheny singled to right, Sanders to third. Morris hit sacrifice fly to center, Sanders scored, Matheny to second. Womack struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Wilson flied out to center. Mackowiak flied out to left. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Walker flied out to center. Pujols popped out to shortstop. Edmonds flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Bay doubled to left. Redman lined out to center. Wigginton grounded out to third. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Renteria flied out to center. Mabry grounded out to second. Nunez hit for Vogelsong. Sanders grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Nunez grounded out to first. Kendall struck out swinging. Wilson singled to left. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Mackowiak grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Luna hit for Morris. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Matheny grounded out to second. Luna reached on infield single to third. Womack singled to left, Luna to second. Walker struck out looking. Corey pitching for Pirates. Luna to third, Womack to second on wild pitch by Corey. Pujols walked. Edmonds walked, Luna scored, Womack to third, Pujols to second. Renteria singled to center, Womack and Pujols scored, Edmonds to second, Edmonds to third advancing on throw. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Rolen at third base. Mabry struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Wilson grounded out to third. Bay homered to left. Redman hit ground rule double to deep center. Ward hit for Castillo. Wigginton singled to left, Redman scored. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Hill hit for Corey. Ward struck out swinging. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Hill at second base. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wigginton out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Sanders singled to center. Matheny singled to center, Sanders to third. Kline sacrificed to first, Matheny to second, Kline safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Wilson. Womack struck out swinging. Walker homered to right, Sanders, Matheny and Kline scored. Cedeno hit for Edmonds. Pujols singled to center. Cedeno struck out looking. Walker in center field. Cedeno in right field. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 9th. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Kendall flied out to right. Wilson fouled out to catcher. Mackowiak grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Cardinals 11.	Cards' motto: Why buy when you can Renteria?