Reds - Top 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Freel singled to center. Lopez walked, Freel to second. Casey singled to deep right, Freel scored, Lopez to third. Dunn walked, Casey to second. Jimenez walked, Lopez scored, Casey to third, Dunn to second. Kearns singled to left, Casey scored, Dunn to third, Jimenez to second. Brooks pitching for Pirates. LaRue hit ground rule double to deep center, Dunn and Jimenez scored, Kearns to third. Machado walked. Harang grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kearns out at home, LaRue to third, Machado to second. Freel struck out looking. Lopez doubled to deep left, LaRue and Machado scored, Harang to third. Casey grounded out to second. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Harang pitching for Reds. Kendall hit ground rule double to deep left. Wilson sacrificed to pitcher, Kendall to third. Bay popped out to first. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Brooks pitching for Pirates. Dunn struck out swinging. Jimenez struck out swinging. Kearns homered to center. LaRue flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Harang pitching for Reds. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Redman grounded out to second. Wigginton fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Brooks pitching for Pirates. Machado struck out swinging. Harang singled to right. Freel grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Harang out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Harang pitching for Reds. Castillo struck out swinging. Brooks grounded out to second. Kendall doubled to left. Wilson singled to center, Kendall scored. Bay flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Brooks pitching for Pirates. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop. Casey walked, Lopez to second. Dunn singled to right, Lopez to third, Casey to second. Jimenez singled to center, Lopez scored, Casey to third, Dunn to second. Kearns grounded into double play, third to second, Casey scored, Dunn out at third, Jimenez out at second, Kearns to first. LaRue struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Harang pitching for Reds. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. Mackowiak flied out to left. Corey pitching for Pirates. Bautista in center field. Redman lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Corey pitching for Pirates. Machado struck out looking. Harang struck out swinging. Freel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Harang pitching for Reds. Wigginton singled to left. Castillo safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Lopez, Wigginton to second. Bautista grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castillo out at second, Wigginton to third. Kendall flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Top 6th. Corey pitching for Pirates. Lopez flied out to center. Casey singled to center. Dunn struck out swinging. Jimenez singled to center, Casey to third, Jimenez to second advancing on throw. Kearns singled to center, Casey and Jimenez scored. LaRue hit by pitch, Kearns to second. Machado grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Sanchez ran for Wilson. Harang pitching for Reds. Wilson singled to left. Bay lined out to right. Wilson walked, Sanchez to second. Hill hit for Corey. Mackowiak homered to right center, Sanchez and Wilson scored. Hill flied out to center. Sanchez at shortstop. Hill at third base. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Wigginton flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Harang struck out swinging. Freel grounded out to pitcher. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Harang pitching for Reds. Castillo struck out swinging. Bautista safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Lopez. Riedling pitching for Reds. Kendall singled to center, Bautista to third. Sanchez singled to right, Bautista scored, Kendall to second. Bay homered to left, Kendall and Sanchez scored. Wilson struck out swinging. Matthews pitching for Reds. Cota hit for Hill. Mackowiak tripled to deep left center. Sanchez at third base. Nunez at shortstop. Cota lined out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 8th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Casey singled to left. Dunn grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Casey out at second. Jimenez reached on infield single to third. Jimenez to second on wild pitch by Grabow. Kearns doubled to deep center, Jimenez scored. LaRue intentionally walked. Alvarez hit for Grabow. Machado grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Matthews pitching for Reds. Alvarez grounded out to first. Castillo grounded out to third. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Cruz hit for Matthews. Bautista grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Cruz struck out swinging. Freel flied out to right. Lopez homered to right. Wagner pitching for Reds. Casey grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Wagner pitching for Reds. Kendall popped out to second. Sanchez grounded out to second. Bay doubled to deep left center. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 14 - Pirates 8.	Kearns' 5 RBI lift Reds to third straight win