Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Womack singled to center. Womack stole second, Womack safe at third on throwing error by catcher Estalella. McCracken hit sacrifice fly to center, Womack scored. Spivey grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Stynes hit by pitch. Payton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Stynes out at second. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Williams doubled to left. Finley flied out to center. Overbay grounded out to first, Williams to third. Moeller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson struck out looking. Walker struck out swinging. Hernandez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Johnson singled to right. Womack grounded into fielder's choice to third, Johnson out at second. McCracken walked, Womack to second. Spivey flied out to center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Estalella struck out swinging. Butler flied out to center. Oliver grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Williams singled to left. Finley struck out swinging. Overbay fouled out to left. Moeller singled to center, Williams to second. Johnson singled to shallow right, Williams scored, Moeller to third. Womack grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Stynes struck out looking. Payton struck out swinging. Helton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Oliver pitching for Rockies. McCracken flied out to center. Spivey singled to center. Gonzalez doubled to deep right center, Spivey to third. Williams hit sacrifice fly to deep center, Spivey scored, Gonzalez to third. Finley grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson struck out swinging. Walker popped out to shortstop. Hernandez homered to right. Estalella struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Overbay singled to center. Moeller singled to center, Overbay to second. Johnson bunted into fielder's choice to third, Overbay out at third, Moeller to second. Womack struck out swinging. McCracken grounded into fielder's choice to second, Johnson out at second, Moeller to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Norton hit for Lopez. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Butler flied out to center. Norton struck out swinging. Stynes walked. Payton homered to right, Stynes scored. Speier pitching for Rockies. Helton flied out to left center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Spivey struck out swinging. Gonzalez walked. Williams lined out to shortstop. Dellucci in center field. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Finley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson struck out swinging. Walker singled to right center. Hernandez singled to right, Walker to third. Estalella flied out to shallow right. Richard hit for Speier. Butler hit by pitch, Hernandez to second. Jones pitching for Rockies. Richard grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Jones pitching for Rockies. Overbay grounded out to first. Moeller singled to center. Counsell ran for Moeller. Dellucci flied out to center. Counsell at shortstop. Barajas catching. Womack grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Counsell out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Stynes grounded out to shortstop. Payton flied out to center. Helton walked. Wilson singled to right, Helton to third. Walker lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Jones pitching for Rockies. McCracken grounded out to third. Spivey grounded out to third. Gonzalez singled to right. Grace hit for Koplove. Williams walked, Gonzalez to second. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Grace flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernandez grounded out to pitcher. Estalella struck out looking. Belliard hit for Jones. Butler walked. Belliard singled to right, Butler to third. Belliard at second base. Butler at third base. Reed pitching for Rockies. Stynes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belliard out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 10th. Reed pitching for Rockies. Overbay grounded out to second. Counsell walked. Dellucci walked, Counsell to second. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Barajas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dellucci out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 10th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Payton grounded out to shortstop. Helton walked. Wilson doubled to left center, Helton scored. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Rockies 4.	Wilson, Rockies rally for win in 10th