Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Brown pitching for Dodgers. Womack grounded out to first. Counsell lined out to shortstop. Spivey lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Roberts struck out swinging. Lo Duca grounded out to pitcher. Green popped out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Brown pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez singled to center. Bautista flied out to center. Finley struck out swinging, Gonzalez stole second. Gonzalez to third on throwing error by catcher Lo Duca. Grace flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Jordan lined out to right. McGriff grounded out to third. Beltre grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Brown pitching for Dodgers. Moeller reached on infield single to second. Dessens sacrificed to pitcher, Moeller to second. Womack fouled out to third. Counsell safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Cora, Moeller to third. Spivey grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Cora walked. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cora out at second. Brown grounded out to third, Izturis to second. Roberts reached on infield single to second, Izturis to third. Lo Duca singled to center, Izturis scored, Roberts to second. Green grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Brown pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez singled to right. Bautista grounded out to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Finley grounded out to third, Gonzalez to third. Grace grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Jordan flied out to center. McGriff lined out to left. Beltre homered to left. Cora doubled to left. Izturis flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Brown pitching for Dodgers. Moeller struck out looking. Dessens struck out swinging. Womack grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Brown struck out swinging. Roberts reached on bunt single to catcher. Lo Duca grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Roberts out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Brown pitching for Dodgers. Counsell singled to right. Spivey fouled out to first. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Counsell to second. Bautista walked. Finley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Green grounded out to shortstop. Jordan flied out to deep right center. McGriff homered to right center. Beltre struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Brown pitching for Dodgers. Grace grounded out to second. Baerga hit for Dessens. Moeller homered to left center. Mota pitching for Dodgers. Williams hit for Womack. Baerga flied out to right. Williams singled to right. Counsell tripled to right, Williams scored. Williams at third base. Counsell at shortstop. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Spivey grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Cora flied out to right. Ward hit for Mota. Izturis singled to left. Ward struck out swinging. Izturis caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Roberts batting. Martin pitching for Dodgers. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Martin pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez homered to right. Bautista grounded out to third. Finley struck out swinging. Grace popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Roberts struck out swinging. Lo Duca singled to shallow center. Myers pitching for Diamondbacks. Green grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lo Duca out at second. Jordan walked, Green to second. McGriff safe at first on error by first baseman Grace, Green to third, Jordan to second. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to third, McGriff out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. McCracken hit for Myers. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Moeller struck out looking. McCracken struck out swinging. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera hit for Cora. Williams grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera flied out to deep right center. Kinkade hit for Gagne. Izturis grounded out to third. Cabrera at second base. Quantrill pitching for Dodgers. Kinkade flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 10th. Quantrill pitching for Dodgers. Counsell struck out looking. Spivey continues to bat after dropped foul ball by right fielder Green. Spivey grounded out to third. Gonzalez walked. Bautista singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Finley singled to left center, Gonzalez scored, Bautista to third. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Dellucci in right field. Grace flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 10th. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Roberts singled to left. Lo Duca sacrificed to first, Roberts to second. Green grounded out to shortstop, Roberts to third. Jordan singled to left center, Roberts scored. Ashby pitching for Dodgers. Coomer at first base. McGriff grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 11th. Ashby pitching for Dodgers. Moeller grounded out to third. Dellucci grounded out to first. Williams struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 11th. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Beltre singled to left center. Cabrera sacrificed to third, Beltre to second. Izturis struck out looking. Coomer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 12th. Ashby pitching for Dodgers. Counsell singled to center. Spivey struck out swinging. Overbay hit for Mantei. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Overbay homered to right center, Counsell scored. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Finley grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 12th. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Roberts grounded out to first. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop. Green grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Dodgers 4.	Overbay's first big-league blast drops Dodgers