Brewers - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez doubled to right. Sanchez to third on passed ball by Moeller. Young popped out to shallow left. Sexson hit by pitch. Jenkins singled to right, Sanchez scored, Sexson to third. Hammonds walked, Jenkins to second. Helms struck out swinging. Perez doubled to right, Sexson and Jenkins scored, Hammonds to third. Clayton singled to left, Hammonds and Perez scored, Clayton tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Franklin pitching for Brewers. Womack popped out to shortstop. Finley struck out swinging. Spivey walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Franklin grounded out to first. Sanchez grounded out to first. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Franklin pitching for Brewers. Williams flied out to left. Bautista flied out to center. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Sexson lined out to third. Jenkins singled to center. Hammonds lined into double play, third to first, Jenkins doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Franklin pitching for Brewers. Moeller flied out to center. Johnson struck out swinging. Womack grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Helms popped out to shallow left. Perez struck out swinging. Clayton doubled to left. Franklin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Franklin pitching for Brewers. Finley singled to right. Spivey grounded into double play, third to second to first, Finley out at second. Gonzalez doubled to left center. Williams singled to left, Gonzalez scored. Bautista safe at first on error by third baseman Helms, Williams to second. Overbay hit ground rule double to left center, Williams scored, Bautista to third. Moeller struck out looking. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez singled to left. Sanchez stole second. Young walked. Sexson singled to left, Sanchez scored, Young to second. Jenkins doubled to right center, Sexson and Young scored. Hammonds flied out to center. Helms struck out swinging. Perez singled to deep left, Jenkins scored. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Baerga at first base. Clayton singled to right, Perez to second. Franklin singled to left, Perez to third, Clayton to second. Sanchez walked, Perez scored, Clayton to third, Franklin to second. Young grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Franklin pitching for Brewers. Baerga singled to right. Womack grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop to second, Baerga out at second. Finley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Sexson struck out looking. Jenkins singled to center. Hammonds doubled to center, Jenkins scored. Helms struck out swinging. Perez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Franklin pitching for Brewers. Spivey grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Myers pitching for Diamondbacks. Hammock at third base. Williams flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Clayton grounded out to second. Podsednik hit for Sanchez. Franklin grounded out to second. Podsednik in center field. Podsednik flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Franklin pitching for Brewers. Bautista walked. Hammock singled to center, Bautista to second. Moeller reached on infield single to pitcher, Bautista to third, Hammock to second. Nance pitching for Brewers. Baerga hit sacrifice fly to center, Bautista scored. Womack tripled to left center, Hammock and Moeller scored. Finley grounded out to second, Womack scored. Cruz hit for Young. Spivey struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Cruz grounded out to third. Sexson grounded out to second. Jenkins singled to left. Hammonds singled to right, Jenkins to second. Cruz at second base. Helms grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. McCracken hit for Myers. Gonzalez flied out to left. McCracken grounded out to first. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez grounded out to third. Clayton grounded out to third. Vander Wal hit for Nance. Leskanic pitching for Brewers. Vander Wal struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Leskanic pitching for Brewers. Hammock struck out swinging. Moeller homered to left center. Baerga singled to right. Womack grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Baerga out at second. Finley grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 11 - Diamondbacks 7.	Unit has Big trouble, gives up 10 runs in first loss to Brewers