Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Counsell struck out looking. Baerga grounded out to first. Gonzalez popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Vina grounded out to second. Palmeiro flied out to shallow left. Rolen walked. Edmonds flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Dellucci flied out to center. Williams struck out looking. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Renteria grounded out to pitcher. Martinez walked. Marrero doubled to right, Martinez scored. Matheny doubled to left center, Marrero scored. Williams singled to left, Matheny to third. Vina singled to left, Matheny scored, Williams to second. Palmeiro popped out to shallow left. Rolen flied out to shallow right. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Finley grounded out to first. Moeller grounded out to third. Dessens grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Edmonds struck out swinging. Renteria doubled to left. Martinez doubled to left center, Renteria scored. Marrero grounded out to third. Matheny intentionally walked. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matheny out at second, Martinez to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Counsell struck out looking. Baerga grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez popped out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Vina flied out to left. Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop. Rolen walked. Edmonds doubled to left center, Rolen scored. Renteria flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Dellucci hit by pitch. Williams flied out to center. Overbay singled to shallow left center, Dellucci to second. Finley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Overbay out at second, Dellucci to third. Moeller grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Martinez singled to right. Marrero popped out to catcher. Matheny lined out to left. Womack hit for Dessens. Williams flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Womack struck out swinging. Counsell doubled to left. Baerga popped out to left. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Perez hit for Palmeiro. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Vina struck out swinging. Perez walked. Perez in right field. Marrero in left field. Rolen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Perez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Dellucci doubled to right. Williams flied out to left. Overbay flied out to left. Finley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Edmonds flied out to deep right. Renteria homered to left. Martinez flied out to right. Marrero singled to left. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Matheny popped out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Fassero pitching for Cardinals. McCracken hit for Good. Moeller grounded out to shortstop. McCracken grounded out to third. Counsell singled to left. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols hit for Fassero. Baerga grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Counsell out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols walked. Vina flied out to deep center. Robinson hit for Perez. Robinson grounded out to first, Pujols to second. Rolen walked. Edmonds walked, Pujols to third, Rolen to second. Robinson in left field. Marrero in right field. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Renteria popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez singled to right. Dellucci popped out to shortstop. Williams walked, Gonzalez to second. Overbay grounded out to first, Gonzalez to third, Williams to second. Finley homered to right, Gonzalez and Williams scored. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Spivey hit for Villarreal. Moeller singled to center. Spivey grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moeller out at second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Cardinals 6.	Williams makes his pitch with another strong start