Braves - Top 1st. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal singled to center. Giles walked, Furcal to second. Jones walked, Furcal to third, Giles to second. Jones struck out swinging. Fick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Furcal out at home, Giles to third, Jones to second. Lopez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Counsell walked. Baerga grounded out to third, Counsell to second. Gonzalez doubled to center, Counsell scored. Bautista singled to center, Gonzalez to third. Overbay singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Bautista to second. Finley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Overbay out at second, Bautista to third. Barajas flied out to center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Castilla flied out to center. Bragg singled to center. Ortiz bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bragg safe at second on error by pitcher Schilling. Furcal struck out looking. Giles flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Womack singled to center. Schilling struck out swinging. Counsell singled to left, Womack to third. Baerga grounded out to second, Womack scored, Counsell to second. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Bautista flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones singled to center. Jones doubled to deep center, Jones scored. Fick homered to left, Jones scored. Lopez doubled to left. Castilla grounded out to second, Lopez to third. Bragg struck out swinging. Ortiz walked. Furcal struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Overbay grounded out to first. Finley walked. Barajas singled to left, Finley to second. Womack struck out looking. Schilling struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Giles flied out to center. Jones singled to right. Jones homered to right, Jones scored. Fick grounded out to second. Lopez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Counsell walked. Baerga grounded into fielder's choice to second, Counsell out at second. Gonzalez fouled out to first. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to second, Baerga out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Castilla grounded out to shortstop. Bragg flied out to center. Ortiz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Ortiz pitching for Braves. Overbay walked. Finley grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Overbay out at second. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken in center field. Barajas flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal doubled to deep left. Giles walked. Jones flied out to center, Giles thrown out at second, Furcal to third. Jones intentionally walked. Fick singled to right, Furcal scored, Jones to second. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. King pitching for Braves. Womack grounded out to third. McCracken struck out looking. Spivey hit for Baerga. Counsell singled to center. Spivey homered to left, Counsell scored. Gonzalez reached on infield single to third. Spivey at second base. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Castilla singled to center. Franco hit for King. Bragg sacrificed to pitcher, Castilla to second. Franco struck out swinging. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Furcal grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Dellucci hit for Villarreal. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Overbay flied out to center. Dellucci walked. Barajas singled to right, Dellucci to second. Bong pitching for Braves. Williams hit for Womack. Williams singled to left, Dellucci scored, Barajas to third. McCracken singled to right, Barajas scored, Williams to third. Counsell popped out to shortstop. Dellucci in center field. Williams at third base. Counsell at shortstop. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Spivey struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Giles fouled out to right. Jones struck out looking. Jones singled to shallow right. Fick singled to right, Jones to third. Lopez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Keun Bong pitching for Braves. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Bautista struck out swinging. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Overbay struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Castilla grounded out to shortstop. Franco hit for Bong. Bragg flied out to left. Franco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 6 - Diamondbacks 7.	Schilling returns as D-Backs beat Braves' pen