Diamondbacks - Top 1st. May pitching for Royals. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. McCracken flied out to center. Spivey lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Relaford safe at first on error by second baseman Spivey. Randa popped out to shortstop. Relaford stole second. Sweeney singled to shallow right, Relaford to third. Ibanez continues to bat after dropped foul ball by shortstop Cintron. Ibanez lined out to shortstop. Beltran singled to right, Relaford scored, Sweeney to second. Tucker walked, Sweeney to third, Beltran to second. Harvey grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tucker out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. May pitching for Royals. Gonzalez safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Harvey. Gonzalez stole second. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Baerga grounded out to third. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Mayne flied out to shallow left. Berroa singled to left. Relaford flied out to right. Berroa stole second. Randa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. May pitching for Royals. Hammock grounded out to shortstop. Moeller lined out to shortstop. Cintron walked. McCracken singled to center, Cintron to second. Spivey grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cintron out at third, McCracken to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Sweeney grounded out to third. Ibanez grounded out to first. Beltran singled to shallow center. Beltran stole second. Tucker walked. Harvey safe at first on error by third baseman Hammock, Beltran to third, Tucker to second. Mayne reached on infield single to third, Beltran scored, Tucker to third, Harvey to second. Berroa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mayne out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. May pitching for Royals. Gonzalez flied out to left. Bautista singled to left. Baerga fouled out to first. Overbay doubled to deep right, Bautista scored. Hammock flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Relaford flied out to center. Randa grounded out to shortstop. Sweeney popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. May pitching for Royals. Moeller singled to left. Moeller stole second, Moeller safe at third on throwing error by catcher Mayne. Cintron singled to right, Moeller scored. McCracken lined out to right. Spivey walked, Cintron to second. Gonzalez fouled out to third. Lopez at first base. Bautista flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 5th. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Ibanez flied out to left. Beltran grounded out to first. Tucker struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. May pitching for Royals. Baerga popped out to shortstop. Overbay doubled to right center. Hammock grounded out to third. Moeller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez reached on infield single to pitcher. Mayne grounded out to first, Lopez to second. Berroa hit by pitch. Relaford struck out swinging. Randa grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. May pitching for Royals. Cintron grounded out to second. McCracken doubled to center. Spivey doubled to left, McCracken scored. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Spivey to third. Bautista doubled to deep right center, Spivey scored. Walrond pitching for Royals. Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks. Baerga grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks. Sweeney grounded out to second. Ibanez reached on infield single to second. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ibanez out at second. Tucker lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Walrond pitching for Royals. Overbay walked. Hammock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Overbay out at second. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Moeller grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hammock out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Womack at shortstop. Cintron at third base. Hammock catching. Guiel hit for Lopez. Guiel struck out looking. Mayne grounded out to pitcher. Guiel in right field. Tucker in left field. Ibanez at first base. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Berroa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. McCracken grounded out to shortstop. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Spivey grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Relaford lined out to right. Randa walked. Sweeney struck out swinging. Ibanez singled to right, Randa to third. Beltran singled to center, Randa scored, Ibanez to third. Tucker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Royals 3.	Arizona 4, Kansas City 3