Reds - Top 1st. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Dunn singled to center. Olmedo reached on bunt single to third, Dunn to second. Griffey Jr hit by pitch, Dunn to third, Olmedo to second. Guillen hit sacrifice fly to right, Dunn scored, Olmedo to third. Boone struck out looking. Casey doubled to right center, Olmedo and Griffey Jr scored. Stinnett singled to left, Casey scored, Stinnett out at second in rundown. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Dempster pitching for Reds. Womack grounded out to shortstop. Finley singled to left. Baerga singled to right, Finley to second. Gonzalez walked, Finley to third, Baerga to second. Dellucci walked, Finley scored, Baerga to third, Gonzalez to second. Hammock struck out swinging. Grace lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Castro struck out swinging. Dempster struck out looking. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Dempster pitching for Reds. Moeller lined out to second. Good grounded out to second. Womack flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Olmedo grounded out to second. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. Guillen grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Dempster pitching for Reds. Finley walked. Baerga grounded into fielder's choice to second, Finley out at second. Gonzalez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Baerga out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Boone singled to center. Casey singled to center, Boone to third. Stinnett struck out looking. Castro hit sacrifice fly to right, Boone scored. Dempster struck out bunting foul. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Dempster pitching for Reds. Dellucci singled to center. Hammock flied out to left. Grace grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dellucci out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Dunn hit by pitch. Olmedo sacrificed to catcher, Dunn to second. Griffey Jr walked. Guillen grounded out to third, Dunn to third, Griffey Jr to second. Boone struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. McCracken hit for Good. Dempster pitching for Reds. Moeller singled to left. McCracken struck out swinging. Womack singled to left, Moeller to second. Finley homered to right, Moeller and Womack scored. Baerga singled to right. Gonzalez flied out to right. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Dellucci grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Casey singled to right center. Stinnett bunt popped out to first. Sullivan pitching for Reds. Castro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Casey out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Sullivan pitching for Reds. Hammock walked. Grace struck out swinging. Overbay hit for Randolph. Moeller struck out swinging. Overbay doubled to right, Hammock to third. Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks. Pena hit for Sullivan. Womack struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks. Pena struck out swinging. Dunn struck out swinging. Mercker pitching for Reds. Olmedo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Mercker pitching for Reds. Finley singled to right. Baerga singled to center, Finley to second. Kata ran for Baerga. Gonzalez walked, Finley to third, Kata to second. Dellucci walked, Finley scored, Kata to third, Gonzalez to second. Reitsma pitching for Reds. Larkin at shortstop. Hammock grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kata out at home, Gonzalez to third, Dellucci to second. Grace hit sacrifice fly to left, Gonzalez scored, Dellucci to third, Hammock to second. Kata at second base. Moeller grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks. Griffey Jr walked. Barajas catching. Raggio pitching for Diamondbacks. Guillen popped out to shortstop. Boone singled to left, Griffey Jr to second. Casey grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Boone out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Reitsma pitching for Reds. Barajas struck out swinging. Womack struck out swinging. Finley reached on infield single to shortstop. Kata walked, Finley to second. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Taylor hit for Stinnett. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Branyan hit for Castro. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Taylor struck out swinging. Branyan popped out to shortstop. Larkin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 5 - Diamondbacks 6.	D-Backs come back to bite Reds for 14th straight time