Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Kata grounded out to shortstop. Finley lined out to second. Cintron safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Beltre. Gonzalez continues to bat after dropped foul ball by catcher Ross. Gonzalez flied out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruan grounded out to shortstop. Cora flied out to deep right. Green reached on infield single to shortstop. Lo Duca lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. Hammock struck out swinging. McCracken flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Kinkade safe at first on error by shortstop Cintron. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kinkade out at second. Ross grounded out to shortstop, Beltre to second. Izturis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Moeller flied out to center. Dessens grounded out to shortstop. Kata grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez struck out looking. Ruan struck out swinging. Cora singled to center. Green popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Finley grounded out to pitcher. Cintron grounded out to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging, Gonzalez safe at first on wild pitch by Perez. Gonzalez caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Hillenbrand batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Lo Duca safe at first on error by third baseman Hammock, Lo Duca to second on throwing error by third baseman Hammock. Kinkade singled to center, Lo Duca scored, Kinkade to second advancing on throw. Beltre struck out swinging. Ross doubled to left, Kinkade scored. Izturis struck out swinging. Perez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Hillenbrand struck out looking. Hammock flied out to center. McCracken grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruan struck out swinging. Cora grounded out to pitcher. Green flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Moeller grounded out to shortstop. Dessens struck out swinging. Kata struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Lo Duca struck out looking. Kinkade flied out to left. Beltre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Finley grounded out to first. Cintron grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Ross grounded out to third. Izturis reached on bunt single to third. Perez bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Izturis out at second. Ruan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Hillenbrand singled to right. Hammock grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hillenbrand out at second. McCracken singled to left. Baerga hit for Dessens. Moeller singled to left, McCracken to second. Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks. Baerga grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moeller out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks. Cora grounded out to shortstop. Green grounded out to shortstop. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Cabrera in left field. Lo Duca flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Kata fouled out to third. Finley struck out swinging. Cintron singled to left. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 0 - Dodgers 2.	Streak-buster: Perez, Dodgers finally win