Giants - Top 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez fouled out to left. Snow homered to right center. Grissom struck out looking. Bonds walked. Cruz homered to right center, Bonds scored. Aurilia singled to center. Alfonzo singled to right, Aurilia to third. Torrealba hit by pitch, Alfonzo to second. Brower hit by pitch, Aurilia scored, Alfonzo to third, Torrealba to second. Perez grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Brower pitching for Giants. Counsell walked. Cintron walked, Counsell to second. Gonzalez doubled to deep right, Counsell scored, Cintron to third. Hillenbrand grounded out to third, Cintron scored, Gonzalez to third. Finley doubled to right, Gonzalez scored. Hammock struck out swinging. Overbay grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Snow struck out looking. Grissom popped out to shortstop. Bonds flied out to deep left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Brower pitching for Giants. McCracken singled to right. Webb sacrificed to catcher, McCracken to second. Counsell walked. Cintron singled to right center, McCracken scored, Counsell to third. Zerbe pitching for Giants. Gonzalez singled to left, Counsell scored, Cintron to second. Hillenbrand singled to left center, Cintron scored, Gonzalez to second, Gonzalez to third advancing on throw. Finley hit sacrifice fly to left, Gonzalez scored. Hammock grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hillenbrand out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz flied out to right. Aurilia grounded out to third. Alfonzo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Zerbe pitching for Giants. Overbay grounded out to second. McCracken grounded out to pitcher. Webb grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Torrealba struck out looking. Zerbe grounded out to first. Perez reached on infield single to first. Snow grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Zerbe pitching for Giants. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. Cintron singled to left. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cintron out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Grissom struck out swinging. Bonds walked. Cruz singled to right, Bonds to second. Aurilia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cruz out at second, Bonds to third. Alfonzo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Zerbe pitching for Giants. Hillenbrand flied out to deep center. Finley flied out to left. Hammock singled to right. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Galarraga hit for Zerbe. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Torrealba struck out looking. Galarraga struck out swinging. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Perez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Terrero hit for Webb. Christiansen pitching for Giants. McCracken grounded out to shortstop. Terrero grounded out to second. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Counsell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Snow fouled out to third. Grissom flied out to left center. Bonds grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Nathan pitching for Giants. Hillenbrand flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz grounded out to first. Aurilia struck out swinging. Alfonzo flied out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Nathan pitching for Giants. Finley walked. Hammock grounded out to third, Finley to second. Finley to third on wild pitch by Nathan. Overbay fouled out to third. Feliz at third base. Worrell pitching for Giants. Grace hit for McCracken. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Dellucci in right field. Grace struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Torrealba struck out swinging. Feliz struck out looking. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 4 - Diamondbacks 7.	D-Backs avoid sweep