Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. Spivey popped out to second. Gonzalez flied out to left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Durham grounded out to shortstop. Snow singled to right center. Grissom singled to left, Snow to second. Bonds singled to right, Snow scored, Grissom to second. Cruz flied out to center. Aurilia grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Hillenbrand grounded out to second. Finley singled to right center. Cintron singled to left center, Finley to third. Moeller lined out to shortstop. McCracken grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cintron out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Torrealba doubled to left. Feliz singled to center, Torrealba scored. Moss sacrificed to first, Feliz to second. Durham grounded out to second, Feliz to third. Snow flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Schilling popped out to second. Counsell flied out to shallow left. Spivey lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Grissom struck out swinging. Bonds popped out to shallow center. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Gonzalez walked. Hillenbrand singled to left center, Gonzalez to second. Finley flied out to shallow center. Cintron grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hillenbrand out at second, Gonzalez to third. Moeller singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Cintron to second. McCracken grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Aurilia safe at first on error by shortstop Cintron. Torrealba singled to left, Aurilia to second. Feliz struck out swinging. Moss sacrificed to pitcher, Aurilia to third, Torrealba to second. Durham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Schilling flied out to center. Counsell walked. Counsell caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Spivey grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Snow singled to left. Grissom popped out to second. Bonds struck out looking. Snow caught stealing second, catcher to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Hillenbrand doubled to left center. Finley grounded out to second, Hillenbrand to third. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Aurilia struck out swinging. Torrealba grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Moeller grounded out to second. McCracken singled to center. Schilling grounded out to second, McCracken to second. Counsell flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Feliz grounded out to third. Galarraga hit for Moss. Galarraga singled to right. Durham grounded out to first, Galarraga to second. Snow hit by pitch. Grissom singled to right, Galarraga scored, Snow to third, Grissom to second advancing on throw. Bonds intentionally walked. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Cruz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Spivey grounded out to third. Gonzalez singled to right center. Hillenbrand singled to left, Gonzalez to second. Finley flied out to left. Cintron grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hillenbrand out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Aurilia fouled out to first. Torrealba struck out looking. Feliz singled to left. Perez hit for Rodriguez. Worrell pitching for Giants. Perez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Dellucci hit for Moeller. Worrell pitching for Giants. Dellucci grounded out to first. McCracken singled to left. Grace hit for Mantei. Grace grounded into fielder's choice to first, McCracken out at second. Counsell grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 1 - Giants 3.	Schilling fails to cool off red-hot Giants in loss