Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Brower pitching for Giants. Counsell grounded out to pitcher. Cintron flied out to center. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Durham safe at first on error by first baseman Hillenbrand. Snow grounded into fielder's choice to third, Durham safe at second on error by third baseman Counsell. Grissom singled to right, Durham scored, Snow to second. Bonds grounded into fielder's choice to first, Grissom out at second, Snow to third. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Snow scored, Bonds out at second. Aurilia popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Brower pitching for Giants. Hillenbrand fouled out to first. Finley grounded out to second. Spivey grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Torrealba flied out to shallow right center. Feliz singled to left. Brower struck out bunting foul. Feliz stole second. Durham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Brower pitching for Giants. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Barajas struck out swinging. Batista grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Snow singled to right. Grissom struck out swinging. Bonds flied out to shallow left. Cruz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Brower pitching for Giants. Counsell flied out to deep right. Cintron grounded out to second. Gonzalez singled to right. Hillenbrand singled to left, Gonzalez to second. Finley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Aurilia grounded out to shortstop. Torrealba struck out swinging. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Brower pitching for Giants. Spivey struck out swinging. Bautista singled to shallow right. Barajas struck out swinging. Bautista out at first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Brower grounded out to shortstop. Durham struck out swinging. Snow struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. McCracken hit for Batista. Brower pitching for Giants. McCracken singled to left. McCracken caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Counsell flied out to right. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Grissom reached on infield single to shortstop. Bonds homered to right center, Grissom scored. Cruz walked. Cruz caught stealing second, catcher to second. Aurilia struck out swinging. Torrealba flied out to deep left center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Hillenbrand walked. Finley flied into double play, right to first, Hillenbrand doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Feliz singled to shallow center. Torcato hit for Christiansen. Torcato sacrificed to third, Feliz to second. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Durham flied out to left. Torcato in right field. Nathan pitching for Giants. Snow struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Nathan pitching for Giants. Spivey struck out looking. Bautista struck out looking. Barajas struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Grissom flied out to right. Myers pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonds reached on infield single to shortstop. Galarraga hit for Nathan. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Dellucci in right field. Galarraga walked, Bonds to second. Aurilia singled to center, Bonds scored, Galarraga to second. Galarraga to third, Aurilia to second on passed ball by Barajas. Torrealba singled to right, Galarraga and Aurilia scored. Feliz popped out to shortstop. Torcato singled to right, Torrealba to second. Eyre pitching for Giants. Durham grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Eyre pitching for Giants. Dellucci struck out looking. Counsell singled to shallow left center. Cintron singled to right, Counsell to third. Gonzalez singled to left, Counsell scored, Cintron to second. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. Finley grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 1 - Giants 7.	Giants win seventh straight, crush D-Backs