Expos - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Macias struck out swinging. Carroll singled to shallow left. Carroll stole second. Vidro grounded out to first, Carroll to third. Guerrero flied out to shallow left center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Expos. Kata reached on infield single to second. Spivey fouled out to first. Gonzalez grounded out to third, Kata to second. Hillenbrand singled to center, Kata scored. Finley walked, Hillenbrand to second. Mondesi walked, Hillenbrand to third, Finley to second. Cintron walked, Hillenbrand scored, Finley to third, Mondesi to second. Moeller popped out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera hit ground rule double to deep left. Cordero struck out swinging. Vitiello singled to left, Cabrera scored. Schneider struck out looking. Vargas struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Expos. Johnson struck out swinging. Kata flied out to shallow center. Spivey walked. Gonzalez walked, Spivey to second. Hillenbrand homered to left, Spivey and Gonzalez scored. Finley fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Macias popped out to shallow center. Carroll struck out swinging. Vidro walked. Tucker pitching for Expos. Guerrero struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Tucker pitching for Expos. Mondesi flied out to left center. Cintron singled to left. Moeller grounded out to third, Cintron to second. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera flied out to deep left. Cordero doubled to right. Vitiello grounded out to third. Schneider flied out to right center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Kata grounded out to first. Spivey doubled to left. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Spivey to third. Mateo hit for Tucker. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 5th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Mateo struck out looking. Macias grounded out to pitcher. Carroll singled to shallow center. Knott pitching for Expos. Vidro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Bautista hit for Finley. Knott pitching for Expos. Bautista doubled to deep right. Mondesi struck out swinging. Cintron doubled to deep left center, Bautista scored. Moeller struck out looking. Bautista in center field. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 6th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Guerrero homered to left. Cabrera singled to left center. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Johnson. Cordero walked. Vitiello walked, Cabrera to third, Cordero to second. Calloway hit for Knott. Schneider struck out looking. Calloway hit sacrifice fly to deep center, Cabrera scored, Cordero to third. Macias doubled to deep left, Cordero scored, Vitiello to third. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Carroll walked. Vitiello scored, Macias to third, Carroll to second on wild pitch by Villarreal. Almonte pitching for Expos. Vidro lined out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Almonte pitching for Expos. Kata singled to center. Spivey walked, Kata to second. Eischen pitching for Expos. Gonzalez tripled to right, Kata and Spivey scored, Gonzalez out at third over running base. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. Bautista grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 7th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Guerrero singled to center. Cabrera flied out to right center. Wilkerson hit for Vitiello. Cordero grounded into fielder's choice to third, Guerrero out at second. Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilkerson in left field. Corcoran pitching for Expos. Wilkerson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Corcoran pitching for Expos. Mondesi flied out to right center. Cintron lined out to center. Grace hit for Oropesa. Moeller singled to center. Moeller to second on wild pitch by Corcoran. Myers pitching for Diamondbacks. Grace grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 8th. Chavez hit for Corcoran. Schneider walked. Chavez sacrificed to pitcher, Schneider to second. Macias grounded out to catcher, Schneider to third. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Guzman at third base. Ayala pitching for Expos. Carroll popped out to shallow left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Ayala pitching for Expos. Kata tripled to deep right. Spivey grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 9th. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Vidro flied out to right center. Guerrero singled to left. Cabrera lined out to center. Cordero flied out to right center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Expos 5 - Diamondbacks 8.	Big Unit finally gets support, beats Montreal