Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Kata struck out swinging. Cintron singled to right. Gonzalez doubled to right, Cintron scored. Hillenbrand doubled to right, Gonzalez scored. Finley flied out to right, Hillenbrand to third. Mondesi popped out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal singled to right center. Giles flied out to center. Furcal stole second. Sheffield singled to right, Furcal scored. Jones flied out to right center. Jones struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Spivey walked. Barajas flied out to right. Johnson sacrificed to first, Spivey to second. Kata struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez doubled to left center. Franco singled to left, Lopez to third. Castilla homered to left, Lopez and Franco scored. Reynolds struck out looking. Furcal struck out swinging. Giles struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Cintron singled to right center. Gonzalez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Cintron out at second. Hillenbrand singled to left. Finley singled to left center, Hillenbrand to third. Mondesi grounded into fielder's choice to third, Finley out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Sheffield walked. Jones singled to shallow center, Sheffield to third. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sheffield scored, Jones out at second. Lopez struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Spivey walked. Barajas flied out to center. Johnson sacrificed to pitcher, Spivey to second. Kata grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Franco struck out looking. Castilla singled to right. Reynolds sacrificed to catcher, Castilla to second. Furcal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Cintron struck out looking. Gonzalez walked. Hillenbrand grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Giles homered to left. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Jones struck out swinging. Jones homered to left. Lopez grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Reynolds pitching for Braves. Finley flied out to deep right. Mondesi grounded out to third. Spivey homered to left. McCracken hit for Johnson. Barajas walked. Mercker pitching for Braves. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Franco grounded out to first. Castilla grounded out to second. Mercker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Mercker pitching for Braves. Kata flied out to shallow right center. Cintron singled to center. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cintron out at second. Hillenbrand flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal bunt grounded out to third. Giles flied out to center. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Hodges pitching for Braves. Finley flied out to shallow center. Mondesi flied out to left. Spivey doubled to left. Bautista hit for Villarreal. Barajas doubled to left, Spivey scored. Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop, Barajas to third. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Kata grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones walked. Jones struck out swinging. Lopez walked, Jones to second. Franco struck out looking. Franco hit for Hodges. Castilla singled to left, Jones scored, Lopez to second. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Derosa hit for Franco. Derosa walked, Lopez to third, Castilla to second. Furcal singled to left, Lopez and Castilla scored, Derosa to second. Derosa at shortstop. Cunnane pitching for Braves. Giles popped out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Cintron grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Hillenbrand flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Braves 10.	Atlanta 10, Arizona 4