Cubs - Top 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Lofton walked. Womack struck out swinging. Sosa popped out to second. Lofton stole second. Alou popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Clement pitching for Cubs. Kata grounded out to third. Cintron struck out swinging. Gonzalez walked. Mondesi doubled to deep left, Gonzalez scored. Spivey safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Ramirez, Mondesi to third. Finley flied out to right center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Simon singled to center. Ramirez reached on infield single to third, Simon to second. Martinez sacrificed to pitcher, Simon to third, Ramirez to second, Martinez safe at first on error by pitcher Webb. Miller struck out swinging. Clement struck out looking. Lofton popped out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Clement pitching for Cubs. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. Hammock singled to center. Webb struck out swinging. Kata grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Womack walked. Sosa grounded out to third, Womack to second. Alou walked. Simon singled to right, Womack scored, Alou to third, Simon to second advancing on throw. Ramirez walked. Martinez fouled out to third. Miller grounded into fielder's choice to third, Simon out at third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Clement pitching for Cubs. Cintron flied out to left. Gonzalez flied out to center. Mondesi walked. Spivey grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Clement grounded out to second. Lofton flied out to center. Womack struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Finley struck out swinging. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. Hammock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Sosa fouled out to first. Alou doubled to left. Simon singled to deep left, Alou scored, Simon to second on throwing error by shortstop Cintron. Ramirez flied out to center, Simon to third. Counsell hit for Randolph. Martinez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Counsell lined out to first. Kata struck out swinging. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Miller doubled to left. Clement sacrificed to pitcher, Miller to third. Lofton singled to center, Miller scored. Gonzalez singled to center, Lofton to second. Sosa popped out to shallow center. Alou grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Mondesi singled to left. Spivey singled to center, Mondesi to second. Finley grounded out to second, Mondesi to third, Spivey to second. Bautista in left field. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Simon safe at first on error by second baseman Spivey. Ramirez singled to center, Simon to second. Martinez bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Ramirez out at second, Simon to third. Miller grounded into fielder's choice to third, Simon scored, Martinez out at second. Clement singled to center, Miller to second. Lofton singled to right, Miller scored, Clement to second. Gonzalez popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. McCracken hit for Villarreal. Clement pitching for Cubs. Hammock grounded out to shortstop. McCracken struck out swinging. Kata walked. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Sosa struck out swinging. Alou struck out looking. Simon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Bautista singled to center. Farnsworth pitching for Cubs. Mondesi walked, Bautista to second. Spivey struck out swinging. Finley walked, Bautista to third, Mondesi to second. Hillenbrand grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bautista scored, Finley out at second, Mondesi to third. Hammock struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Baerga at first base. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez singled to center. Martinez struck out looking. O'Leary hit for Farnsworth. Miller struck out looking. O'Leary singled to left, Ramirez to second. Lofton walked, Ramirez to third, O'Leary to second. Borowski pitching for Cubs. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Borowski pitching for Cubs. Baerga reached on infield single to third. Kata singled to right, Baerga to second. Cintron lined out to center. Bautista safe at first on error by second baseman Martinez, Baerga to third, Kata to second. Mondesi walked, Baerga scored, Kata to third, Bautista to second. Spivey struck out swinging. Finley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Cubs 5 - Diamondbacks 3.	New guy Simon helps Cups keep pace