Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Ponson pitching for Giants. Finley struck out swinging. Kata grounded out to third. Gonzalez walked. Mondesi homered to left, Gonzalez scored. Cintron popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Durham struck out looking. Snow grounded out to first. Grissom grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Ponson pitching for Giants. Hillenbrand flied out to right. Hammock grounded out to third. Counsell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonds struck out looking. Alfonzo singled to center. Aurilia singled to center, Alfonzo to third. Cruz struck out swinging. Torrealba reached on bunt single to second, Alfonzo scored, Aurilia to second. Ponson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Ponson pitching for Giants. Dessens grounded out to third. Finley singled to center. Kata grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Finley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Durham grounded out to first. Snow singled to right center. Grissom struck out looking. Bonds walked, Snow to second. Alfonzo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Ponson pitching for Giants. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Mondesi singled to left center. Cintron tripled to deep right center, Mondesi scored. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. Hammock grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Aurilia walked. Cruz reached on bunt single to third, Aurilia to second. Torrealba singled to center, Aurilia scored, Cruz to second, Cruz to third on error by center fielder Finley. Ponson sacrificed to first, Torrealba to second. Durham singled to center, Cruz and Torrealba scored. Snow singled to right, Durham to second. Grissom struck out looking. Bonds walked, Durham to third, Snow to second. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Alfonzo doubled to left, Durham and Snow scored, Bonds to third. Aurilia flied out to right. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. McCracken hit for Randolph. Ponson pitching for Giants. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. McCracken grounded out to second. Finley singled to center. Finley stole second. Kata tripled to deep right center, Finley scored. Capuano pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Capuano pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Torrealba walked. Ponson sacrificed to first, Torrealba to second. Perez at second base. Durham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Ponson pitching for Giants. Mondesi flied out to right. Cintron struck out swinging. Hillenbrand walked. Hammock singled to left, Hillenbrand to second. Counsell flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Capuano pitching for Diamondbacks. Snow grounded out to second. Grissom reached on infield single to shortstop. Bonds fouled out to second. Overbay hit for Capuano. Alfonzo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Eyre pitching for Giants. Overbay singled to center. Finley singled to right, Overbay to second. Kata sacrificed to third, Overbay to third, Finley to second. Brower pitching for Giants. Gonzalez walked. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Spivey at second base. Mondesi grounded into double play, third to first, Finley out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Aurilia grounded out to second. Cruz singled to right. Benard hit for Brower. Torrealba grounded out to third, Cruz to second. Nathan pitching for Giants. Benard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Nathan pitching for Giants. Cintron struck out looking. Hillenbrand flied out to center. Jose hit for Counsell. Hammock walked. Grace ran for Jose. Jose walked, Hammock to second. Zerbe pitching for Giants. Spivey walked, Hammock to third, Grace to second. Bautista hit for Gonzalez. Herges pitching for Giants. Finley doubled to right, Hammock and Grace scored, Spivey to third. Bautista singled to right, Spivey and Finley scored, Bautista to second advancing on throw. Gonzalez singled to right, Bautista scored. Mondesi singled to left, Gonzalez to second. Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Hillenbrand at third base. Grace at first base. Cintron grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez singled to right. Snow struck out swinging. Grissom popped out to shortstop. Bonds walked, Perez to second. Alfonzo fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Herges pitching for Giants. Hillenbrand grounded out to second. Hammock flied out to right. Grace fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Aurilia flied out to center. Cruz singled to center. Torrealba grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cruz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 9 - Giants 6.	'Desert-hot' Finley leads D-Backs over Giants