Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Franklin pitching for Brewers. Finley reached on infield single to second, Finley to second on throwing error by second baseman Weeks. Spivey flied out to right, Finley to third. Gonzalez singled to right, Finley scored. Hillenbrand struck out looking. Cintron struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Podsednik bunt grounded out to pitcher. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. Clark doubled to left. Sexson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Franklin pitching for Brewers. Bautista doubled to deep center. Kata struck out swinging. Barajas walked. Dessens safe at first on error by third baseman Ginter, Bautista to third, Barajas to second. Finley hit sacrifice fly to center, Bautista scored. Spivey doubled to deep left, Barajas scored, Dessens to third. Gonzalez singled to center, Dessens and Spivey scored, Gonzalez to second advancing on throw. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Ginter lined out to center. Conti singled to shallow left. Osik struck out looking. Clayton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Conti out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Franklin pitching for Brewers. Cintron flied out to right. Bautista fouled out to first. Kata singled to shallow left. Barajas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Franklin doubled to deep left. Podsednik grounded out to first, Franklin to third. Weeks fouled out to first. Clark bunted into fielder's choice to third, Franklin out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Franklin pitching for Brewers. Dessens grounded out to shortstop. Finley grounded out to first. Spivey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Sexson walked. Ginter singled to shallow right center, Sexson to second. Conti grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ginter out at second, Sexson to third. Osik grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Franklin pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez walked. Hillenbrand doubled to deep right center, Gonzalez scored. Cintron flied out to left. Bautista struck out looking. Kata singled to shallow center, Hillenbrand scored. Kata to second on wild pitch by Franklin. Vizcaino pitching for Brewers. Barajas singled to left, Kata scored, Barajas to second on error by left fielder Clark. Dessens struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Vander Wal hit for Vizcaino. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Clayton reached on infield single to first. Cruz ran for Vander Wal. Vander Wal doubled to right, Clayton scored. Podsednik singled to shallow right center, Cruz scored. Weeks hit by pitch, Podsednik to second. Clark grounded out to pitcher, Podsednik to third, Weeks to second. Sexson struck out looking. Ginter walked. Burba pitching for Brewers. Conti struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Burba pitching for Brewers. Finley walked. Spivey struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Finley out at second. Hillenbrand walked, Gonzalez to second. Cintron grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Osik flied out to center. Zoccolillo hit for Burba. Clayton struck out swinging. Kieschnick pitching for Brewers. Zoccolillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Kieschnick pitching for Brewers. Bautista singled to right. Kata hit by pitch, Bautista to second. Barajas walked, Bautista to third, Kata to second. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bautista scored, Barajas out at second, Kata to third. Finley flied out to left. Spivey fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Podsednik singled to right. Weeks singled to shallow left, Podsednik to third. Clark grounded into double play, third to second to first, Podsednik scored, Weeks out at second. Sexson homered to center. Ginter grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Kieschnick pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez walked. Hillenbrand singled to shallow left, Gonzalez to second. Cintron flied out to center. Bautista struck out looking. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Kata struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Conti struck out swinging. Osik walked. Hall hit for Kieschnick. Clayton grounded out to second, Osik to second. Hall walked. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Podsednik walked, Osik to third, Hall to second. Estrella pitching for Brewers. Weeks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Estrella pitching for Brewers. Barajas grounded out to shortstop. Valverde doubled to deep center. Finley singled to right center, Valverde scored. Spivey struck out looking. Gonzalez singled to right, Finley to second. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark walked. Sexson struck out swinging. Clark to second on fielder's indifference. Ginter safe at second on error by right fielder Bautista, Clark to third. Conti struck out looking. Osik flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Diamondbacks 10 - Brewers 4.	Diamondbacks smack Brewers