Cardinals - Top 1st. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Vina struck out swinging. Edmonds flied out to left. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Tomko pitching for Cardinals. Finley grounded out to second. Kata grounded out to second. Gonzalez singled to left. Mondesi grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew fouled out to right. Rolen singled to center. Renteria struck out swinging. Martinez walked, Rolen to second. Widger grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Tomko pitching for Cardinals. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. Hillenbrand grounded out to first. Counsell grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Tomko struck out swinging. Vina walked. Edmonds flied out to center. Pujols grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Tomko pitching for Cardinals. Barajas fouled out to first. Dessens grounded out to second. Finley reached on infield single to second. Kata singled to right, Finley to second. Gonzalez singled to right center, Finley scored, Kata to third. Mondesi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew flied out to right. Rolen grounded out to shortstop. Renteria grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Tomko pitching for Cardinals. Cintron singled to center. Hillenbrand flied out to center. Counsell grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cintron out at second, Counsell to second on throwing error by second baseman Vina. Barajas intentionally walked. Dessens singled to center, Counsell scored, Barajas to second. Finley lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 5th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Martinez doubled to deep right. Widger doubled to left, Martinez scored. Tomko sacrificed to pitcher, Widger to third. Vina grounded out to second, Widger scored. Edmonds singled to center. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to third, Edmonds out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Tomko pitching for Cardinals. Kata flied out to left. Gonzalez walked. Mondesi flied out to center. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew flied out to left. Rolen grounded out to shortstop. Renteria walked. Martinez singled to center, Renteria to second. Widger hit ground rule double to deep center, Renteria scored, Martinez to third. Tomko struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Tomko pitching for Cardinals. Hillenbrand homered to center. Counsell reached on bunt single to pitcher. Counsell to second on wild pitch by Tomko. Baerga hit for Randolph. Barajas popped out to second. McCracken ran for Baerga. Baerga singled to center, Counsell scored. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Finley doubled to deep center, McCracken scored. Kata fouled out to third. Myers pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Vina popped out to second. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Edmonds struck out swinging. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Mondesi walked. Cintron singled to left, Mondesi to second. Hillenbrand singled to left, Mondesi scored, Cintron to third. Counsell grounded out to third, Hillenbrand to second. Jose hit for Villarreal. Barajas lined out to third. Cintron scored, Hillenbrand to third on wild pitch by Simontacchi. Fassero pitching for Cardinals. Jose walked. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Finley lined out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew doubled to right. Rolen struck out swinging. Renteria flied out to left. Palmeiro hit for Widger. Martinez homered to right, Drew scored. Girardi catching. Palmeiro flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Fassero pitching for Cardinals. Kata flied out to right. Pujols at first base. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Robinson in left field. Gonzalez doubled to right. Mondesi grounded out to pitcher. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Robinson grounded out to third. Vina grounded out to second. Edmonds homered to right. Pujols struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 6 - Diamondbacks 7.	Cardinals eliminated