Cardinals - Top 1st. Capuano pitching for Diamondbacks. Cairo grounded out to pitcher. Taguchi struck out swinging. Pujols popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Hitchcock pitching for Cardinals. Finley safe at first on error by pitcher Hitchcock. Spivey struck out swinging. Grace doubled to deep right, Finley to third. Mondesi hit sacrifice fly to left, Finley scored. Grace to third on wild pitch by Hitchcock. Cintron flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Capuano pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez homered to left. Renteria reached on infield single to shortstop. Marrero walked, Renteria to second. Renteria to third, Marrero to second on wild pitch by Capuano. Widger struck out looking. Hart singled to left center, Renteria scored, Marrero to third. Hitchcock struck out bunting foul. Cairo fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Hitchcock pitching for Cardinals. Bautista safe at first on error by third baseman Cairo. Counsell lined into double play, shortstop to first, Bautista doubled off first. Hammock struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Capuano pitching for Diamondbacks. Taguchi grounded out to shortstop. Pujols walked. Perez hit by pitch, Pujols to second. Pujols stole third, Perez stole second. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols scored, Perez out at third. Marrero popped out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Hitchcock pitching for Cardinals. Capuano struck out swinging. Finley flied out to left. Spivey flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Capuano pitching for Diamondbacks. Widger grounded out to second. Hart struck out swinging. Hitchcock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Hitchcock pitching for Cardinals. Grace grounded out to first. Mondesi homered to left. Cintron singled to right center. Cintron to second on wild pitch by Hitchcock. Bautista flied out to right. Counsell flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Capuano pitching for Diamondbacks. Cairo flied out to center. Taguchi reached on infield single to shortstop. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols walked, Taguchi to second. Perez popped out to shortstop. Renteria grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. McCracken hit for Gonzalez. Hitchcock pitching for Cardinals. Hammock flied out to center. McCracken grounded out to third. Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Finley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Marrero grounded out to shortstop. Widger singled to right center. Hart popped out to second. Hitchcock struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Hitchcock pitching for Cardinals. Spivey flied out to left. Kata ran for Grace. Grace singled to right. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Mondesi singled to left, Kata to second. Cintron singled to center, Kata to third, Mondesi to second. Overbay at first base. Bautista grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Kata out at home. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Drew hit for Taguchi. Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Cairo flied out to right. Drew struck out looking. Drew in center field. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Counsell reached on infield single to second. Jose hit for Patterson. Hammock lined out to third. Jose struck out swinging. Finley singled to right, Counsell to third. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Spivey fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Renteria struck out looking. Marrero flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. DeJean pitching for Cardinals. Palmeiro in left field. Overbay flied out to center. Mondesi struck out swinging. Baerga hit for Bautista. Cintron doubled to left. Baerga walked. Barajas catching. Hammock in left field. Counsell grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Widger struck out swinging, Widger safe at first on passed ball by Barajas. Hart safe at first on error by shortstop Cintron, Widger to second. Palmeiro sacrificed to catcher, Widger to third, Hart to second. Cairo intentionally walked. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to first, Widger out at home, Hart to third, Cairo to second. Drew in right field. Robinson in left field. Edmonds in center field. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Gonzalez hit for Villarreal. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Hammock singled to center. Hammock stole second. Gonzalez singled to right, Hammock to third. Finley struck out swinging. Spivey popped out to shortstop. Overbay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Diamondbacks 2.	St. Louis 3, Arizona 2