Pirates - Top 1st . Harang pitching for Phillies . Harrison walked . Polanco doubled to deep center , Harrison scored . McCutchen singled to center , Polanco scored . Walker flied out to center . Marte singled to center , McCutchen to second . Álvarez flied out to left . Cervelli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Marte out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Locke pitching for Pirates . Herrera reached on infield single to catcher , Herrera to second on throwing error by catcher Cervelli . Canzler walked . Francoeur singled to left center , Herrera to third , Canzler to second . Howard grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Herrera scored , Francoeur out at second , Canzler to third . Ruf safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Harrison , Canzler scored , Howard to third . Asche sacrificed to second , Howard scored , Ruf to third . Hernández grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Harang pitching for Phillies . Mercer homered to left center . Locke singled to center . Harrison grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Locke out at second . Polanco flied out to right . McCutchen singled to center , Harrison to third . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Blanco grounded out to shortstop . García grounded out to pitcher . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Harang pitching for Phillies . Marte lined out to second . Álvarez flied out to left . Cervelli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Canzler struck out looking . Francoeur struck out looking . Howard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Harang pitching for Phillies . Mercer walked . Locke grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Mercer out at second . Harrison singled to left , Locke to second . Polanco lined out to left . McCutchen reached on infield single to second , Locke to third , Harrison to second . Walker flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Ruf doubled to center . Asche singled to left center , Ruf scored . Hernández grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Asche out at second . Blanco grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Harang pitching for Phillies . Marte hit by pitch . Álvarez grounded out to pitcher , Marte to second . Cervelli grounded out to third . Mercer intentionally walked . Locke singled to right , Marte scored , Mercer to third . Gómez pitching for Phillies . Harrison struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Locke pitching for Pirates . García grounded out to shortstop . Herrera grounded out to second . Canzler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Gomez pitching for Phillies . Polanco struck out looking . McCutchen lined out to center . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Liz pitching for Pirates . Francoeur doubled to left . Howard walked . Ruf flied out to right , Francoeur to third advancing on play . Phelps ran for Howard . Asche grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Phelps out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Marte singled to left . Álvarez lined out to left . Marte stole second . Cervelli hit by pitch . Mercer struck out swinging . Marte to third , Cervelli to second on wild pitch by De Fratus . Lambo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Liz pitching for Pirates . Hernández grounded out to pitcher . Blanco singled to right . García lined out to center . Blanco stole second , Blanco safe at third on throwing error by catcher Sanchez . Herrera walked . Revere hit for Canzler . Revere flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 8th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Kang doubled to left . Kang to third on wild pitch by De Fratus . Hart singled to center , Kang scored . Rodriguez singled to right , Hart to third , Rodriguez to second advancing on throw . Sánchez hit for Liz . Sánchez struck out swinging . Allie grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hart to third , Rodriguez to second . Broxton struck out swinging . Bell hit for Sanchez . Bell lined out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Francoeur singled to left . Phelps flied out to center . Ruf flied out to center , Francoeur to second . Asche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Phillies . Núñez grounded out to shortstop . Lambo struck out looking . Kang struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Luis Sanchez pitching for Pirates . Hernández doubled to right . Blanco sacrificed to catcher , Blanco safe at first on throwing error by catcher Benedict . García flied out to left . Herrera struck out swinging . Revere homered to right , Hernández and Blanco scored . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Pirates 5 - Phillies 7 .	Revere 's homer lifts Phillies to 7 - 5 win over Pirates