Brewers - Top 1st . Cole pitching for Pirates . Segura grounded out to second . Lucroy safe at first on error by third baseman Harrison . Braun struck out swinging . Lind singled to center , Lucroy to third . Davis walked , Lind to second . Parra flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Garza pitching for Brewers . Harrison singled to center . Polanco reached on infield single to third , Harrison to second , Harrison to third on throwing error by third baseman Jiménez . Harrison scored , Polanco to second on wild pitch by Garza . McCutchen singled to center , Polanco scored . Walker walked , McCutchen to second . Marte struck out swinging . Álvarez flied out to left . Mercer lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 2nd . Cole pitching for Pirates . Gennett singled to center . Jiménez singled to left , Gennett to third , Jiménez to second advancing on throw . Garza struck out swinging . Segura grounded out to shortstop , Gennett scored , Jiménez to third . Lucroy safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Harrison , Jiménez scored . Braun grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lucroy out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Stewart grounded out to third . Cole walked . Harrison doubled to left , Cole to third . Polanco safe at first on error by shortstop Segura . McCutchen fouled out to catcher . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 3rd . Cole pitching for Pirates . Lind struck out swinging . Davis struck out looking . Parra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Marte grounded out to pitcher . Álvarez homered to center ( 421 feet ) . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Stewart popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Cole pitching for Pirates . Gennett struck out swinging . Jiménez flied out to center . Garza grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Cole grounded out to second . Harrison fouled out to second . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Cole pitching for Pirates . Segura grounded out to first . Lucroy singled to right . Braun grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lucroy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Garza pitching for Brewers . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . Walker singled to center . Marte grounded into double play , third to second to first , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Cole pitching for Pirates . Lind grounded out to second . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Álvarez walked . Mercer hit by pitch , Álvarez to second . Kang ran for Mercer . Álvarez to third , Kang to second on wild pitch by Garza . Stewart singled to left , Álvarez and Kang scored . Hart hit for Cole . Hart grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Stewart out at second . Harrison grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Kang at shortstop . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Gennett struck out swinging . Jiménez struck out swinging . Schafer hit for Garza . Schafer lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Cotts pitching for Brewers . Polanco grounded out to third . McCutchen flied out to center . Walker popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Segura fouled out to first . Lucroy flied out to center . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Blazek pitching for Brewers . Marte struck out swinging . Álvarez flied out to center . Kang walked . Stewart grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kang out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez at first base . Lind grounded out to first . Davis singled to center . Parra grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 2 - Pirates 5 .	Pirates sweep , Brewers off to worst start in team history