Cardinals - Top 1st . Locke pitching for Pirates . Bourjos walked . Wong fouled out to third . Holliday grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bourjos out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Harrison grounded out to pitcher . Kang homered to left ( 390 feet ) . McCutchen struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Peralta flied out to center . Molina grounded out to third . Adams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Hart struck out swinging . Mercer flied out to left . Rodriguez walked . Cervelli lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Reynolds grounded out to pitcher . Heyward reached on infield single to shortstop . Lyons bunt popped out foul to third . Bourjos flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Locke struck out looking . Harrison grounded out to shortstop . Kang grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Wong grounded out to shortstop . Holliday grounded out to second . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen lined out to shortstop . Marte reached on infield single to pitcher , Marte to third on throwing error by pitcher Lyons . Hart struck out swinging . Mercer reached on infield single to third , Marte scored . Mercer to second on wild pitch by Lyons . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Molina flied out to left . Adams grounded out to catcher . Reynolds flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Cervelli singled to right . Locke grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Cervelli safe at second on throwing error by catcher Molina . Harrison flied out to center , Cervelli out at third . Kang struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 6th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Heyward grounded out to first . Lyons grounded out to third . Bourjos singled to left . Wong homered to right ( 376 feet ) , Bourjos scored . Holliday walked . Peralta flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen doubled to deep center . Belisle pitching for Cardinals . Marte singled to right , McCutchen to third . Polanco hit for Hart . Polanco hit sacrifice fly to left , McCutchen scored . Mercer lined out to left . Rodriguez reached on infield single to second , Marte to second , Marte to third , Rodriguez to second on throwing error by second baseman Wong . Cervelli grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 7th . Polanco in right field . Rodriguez at first base . Locke pitching for Pirates . Molina flied out to center . Adams grounded out to first . Reynolds doubled to deep center . Reynolds to third on wild pitch by Locke . Heyward singled to right , Reynolds scored . Cruz hit for Belisle . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Cruz singled to right , Heyward to third . Bourjos grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Harris pitching for Cardinals . Lombardozzi hit for Hughes . Lombardozzi walked . Harrison sacrificed to pitcher , Lombardozzi to second . Kang singled to left , Lombardozzi scored . McCutchen walked , Kang to second . Marte grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McCutchen out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Wong walked . Holliday struck out swinging . Peralta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wong out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Polanco flied out to left . Mercer struck out swinging . Rodriguez doubled to deep right . Cervelli flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Molina singled to center . Adams flied out to center . Reynolds reached on infield single to second , Molina to second . Jay ran for Reynolds . Heyward struck out swinging . Kozma hit for Siegrist . Kozma grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 3 - Pirates 4 .	Pirates slip past Cards for 4 - 3 victory