Reds - Top 1st . Locke pitching for Pirates . Phillips singled to left . Votto reached on bunt single to pitcher , Phillips to second . Frazier singled to left center , Phillips to third , Votto to second . Bruce singled to right , Phillips scored , Votto to third , Frazier to second . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Votto out at home , Frazier to third , Bruce to second . Suárez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Frazier scored , Byrd out at second , Bruce to third . Bruce scored , Suárez to second on throwing error by shortstop Mercer . Barnhart grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Smith pitching for Reds . Polanco struck out looking . Marte walked . Marte stole second . McCutchen walked . Walker walked , Marte to third , McCutchen to second . Harrison grounded into double play , third to second to first , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Smith singled to right center . Hamilton flied out to center . Phillips singled to center , Smith to second . Votto singled to center , Smith to third , Phillips to second . Frazier popped out to shortstop . Bruce grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Smith pitching for Reds . Álvarez struck out swinging . Cervelli grounded out to third . Mercer walked . Locke grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mercer out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Byrd flied out to center . Suárez singled to center . Barnhart lined out to second . Smith lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Smith pitching for Reds . Polanco walked . Polanco caught stealing second , catcher to second . Marte struck out swinging . McCutchen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Hamilton reached on bunt single to pitcher . Hamilton stole second . Phillips grounded out to third . Votto safe at first on error by first baseman Álvarez , Hamilton to third . Frazier walked , Votto to second . Bruce grounded out to first , Hamilton scored , Votto to third , Frazier to second . Byrd intentionally walked . Suárez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Smith pitching for Reds . Walker walked . Harrison singled to left , Walker to second . Álvarez doubled to deep center , Walker scored , Harrison to third . Cervelli homered to center ( 416 feet ) , Harrison and Álvarez scored . Villarreal pitching for Reds . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Tábata hit for Locke . Tábata flied out to right . Polanco tripled to deep center . Marte safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Suárez , Polanco scored . McCutchen homered to left center ( 403 feet ) , Marte scored . Walker lined out to left . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 5th . Scahill pitching for Pirates . Barnhart doubled to deep center . Dominguez hit for Villarreal . Dominguez reached on infield single to shortstop , Barnhart to third . Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to left , Barnhart scored . Phillips flied out to center . Votto walked , Dominguez to second . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Frazier grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Votto out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Contreras pitching for Reds . Harrison doubled to left . Álvarez walked . Cervelli flied out to center . Mercer flied out to right . Kang hit for Hughes . Kang struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Caminero pitching for Pirates . Bruce homered to right center ( 407 feet ) . Byrd grounded out to third . Suárez singled to right . Barnhart struck out looking . Negron hit for Contreras . Suárez to second on wild pitch by Caminero . Negron struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Adcock pitching for Reds . Polanco walked . Polanco caught stealing second , catcher to second . Marte flied out to right . McCutchen doubled to center . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Caminero pitching for Pirates . Hamilton singled to center . Phillips grounded out to catcher , Hamilton to second . Hamilton stole third . Votto struck out swinging . Frazier lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Adcock pitching for Reds . Harrison grounded out to shortstop . Álvarez grounded out to shortstop . Cervelli grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez at first base . Bruce struck out looking . Byrd struck out swinging . Suárez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Mattheus pitching for Reds . Mercer grounded out to second . Rodriguez struck out looking . Polanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Barnhart struck out swinging . Schumaker hit for Mattheus . Schumaker struck out swinging . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 6 - Pirates 7 .	Pirates ride big inning to 7 - 6 win over Reds