Reds - Top 1st . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Phillips safe at first on error by third baseman Kang . Phillips stole second . Votto grounded out to second , Phillips to third . Frazier singled to center , Phillips scored . Byrd singled to right , Frazier to second . Peña grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Byrd out at second , Frazier to third . Suárez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 1st . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Harrison struck out looking . Polanco struck out looking . McCutchen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Schumaker struck out swinging . DeSclafani grounded out to second . Hamilton singled to right . Hamilton stole second . Phillips tripled to deep right , Hamilton scored . Votto grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Walker walked . Kang grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker out at second . Álvarez struck out looking . Cervelli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kang safe at second on error by shortstop Suárez . Mercer doubled to deep right , Kang scored , Cervelli to third . Burnett singled to center , Cervelli and Mercer scored . Harrison grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 3rd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Frazier grounded out to third . Byrd lined out to left . Peña reached on infield single to third . Suárez walked , Peña to second . Schumaker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Polanco flied out to center . McCutchen struck out swinging . Walker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . DeSclafani walked . Hamilton flied out to left . Phillips singled to left , DeSclafani to second . Votto grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Phillips out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Kang struck out swinging . Álvarez singled to right . Cervelli grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Álvarez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . Byrd singled to center . Peña grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Byrd out at second . Peña to second on wild pitch by Burnett . Suárez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Mercer singled to center . Burnett sacrificed to first , Mercer to second . Harrison grounded out to third . Polanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Schumaker struck out swinging . DeSclafani reached on infield single to third . Hamilton flied out to left . Phillips lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . McCutchen walked . Walker popped out to shortstop . Kang singled to center , McCutchen to second . Álvarez fouled out to third . Cervelli singled to right , McCutchen scored , Kang to third . Mercer grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Caminero pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez at first base . Votto singled to right , Votto to third on error by right fielder Harrison . Frazier homered to left center ( 419 feet ) , Votto scored . Byrd struck out swinging . Peña hit by pitch . Suárez singled to left , Peña to second . Bastardo pitching for Pirates . De Jesús hit for Schumaker . De Jesús struck out swinging . Dominguez hit for DeSclafani . Dominguez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Byrd in right field . De Jesús in left field . Badenhop pitching for Reds . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Harrison flied out to center . Polanco lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Hamilton struck out swinging . Phillips grounded out to second . Votto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Hoover pitching for Reds . McCutchen walked . Walker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , McCutchen out at second . Kang singled to center . Marte hit for Watson . Marte singled to right , Kang to second . Cervelli lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Frazier struck out looking . Byrd flied out to center . Peña singled to right center . Suárez reached on infield single to shortstop , Peña to second . De Jesús grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Mattheus pitching for Reds . Mercer safe at first on error by shortstop Suárez . Rodriguez sacrificed to first , Mercer to second . Harrison reached on infield single to third . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Harrison out at second , Mercer to third . McCutchen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Top 10th . Worley pitching for Pirates . Bruce hit for Mattheus . Bruce struck out looking . Hamilton singled to left . Hamilton caught stealing second , catcher to second to first to shortstop . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 10th . Contreras pitching for Reds . Walker walked . Kang grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker out at second . Worley bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Kang out at second . Cervelli popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 11th . Richard Worley pitching for Pirates . Votto singled to center . Votto to second on wild pitch by Worley . Frazier intentionally walked . Byrd struck out swinging . Peña grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Frazier out at second , Votto to third . Suárez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peña out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 11th . Chapman pitching for Reds . Mercer flied out to center . Rodriguez flied out to center . Harrison singled to center . Polanco lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 12th . Richard Worley pitching for Pirates . De Jesús lined out to left . Leake hit for Chapman . Leake grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 12th . Villarreal pitching for Reds . McCutchen doubled to deep left center . Walker intentionally walked . Kang lined into double play , to first , Walker doubled off first . Tábata hit for Worley . Tábata walked . Cervelli grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tábata out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 13th . Scahill pitching for Pirates . Phillips homered to left ( 391 feet ) . Votto bunt grounded out to pitcher . Frazier singled to center . Byrd flied out to left . Frazier caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Peña batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 13th . Villarreal pitching for Reds . Mercer flied out to right . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Harrison flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 5 - Pirates 4 .	Reds outlast Pirates 5 - 4 in 13 innings on Phillips ' homer