Pirates - Top 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Polanco lined out to center . Walker flied out to center . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Morton pitching for Pirates . Dozier lined out to left . Hunter struck out swinging . Mauer walked . Mauer to second on balk by Morton . Sanó reached on infield single to third , Mauer scored on throwing error by third baseman Ramírez . Plouffe singled to left , Sanó to third . Rosario grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . Kang struck out swinging . Álvarez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Hicks walked . Suzuki grounded out to third , Hicks to second . Escobar grounded out to shortstop , Hicks to third . Dozier grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Cervelli singled to right . Ishikawa flied out to left . Decker struck out looking . Polanco lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Hunter singled to center . Mauer singled to shortstop , Hunter to third on throwing error by shortstop Kang . Sanó struck out swinging . Plouffe grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mauer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Walker walked . McCutchen flied out to center . Ramírez flied out to center . Kang singled to right , Walker to second . Álvarez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Rosario tripled to deep center . Hicks grounded out to second , Rosario scored . Suzuki flied out to right . Escobar flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Cervelli singled to right . Ishikawa singled to center , Cervelli to second . Decker sacrificed to third , Cervelli to third , Ishikawa to second , Decker safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Plouffe . Cervelli scored , Ishikawa to third on throwing error by third baseman Plouffe . Polanco lined out to shortstop . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ishikawa scored . McCutchen flied out to center , Decker to third . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 5th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Dozier struck out looking . Hunter walked . Mauer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hunter out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Kang hit by pitch . Álvarez walked , Kang to second . Cervelli grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Álvarez out at second , Kang to third . Ishikawa singled to left , Kang scored , Cervelli to second . O'Rourke pitching for Twins . Decker struck out swinging . Polanco struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Sanó walked . Plouffe struck out swinging . Rosario struck out swinging . Hicks tripled to deep right , Sanó scored . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Suzuki lined out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . O'Rourke pitching for Twins . Walker flied out to left . Fien pitching for Twins . McCutchen struck out swinging . Ramírez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Escobar grounded out to first . Dozier lined out to shortstop . Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop . Mauer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Fien pitching for Twins . Kang flied out to center . Álvarez singled to center . Cervelli singled to right , Álvarez to second . Duensing pitching for Twins . Rodriguez hit for Ishikawa . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Decker walked , Álvarez to third , Cervelli to second . Polanco doubled to deep right , Álvarez , Cervelli and Decker scored , Polanco to third advancing on throw . Walker singled to right , Polanco scored . May pitching for Twins . McCutchen flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Rodriguez at first base . Watson pitching for Pirates . Sanó struck out swinging . Plouffe singled to right . Rosario singled to left center , Plouffe to second . Hicks singled to left , Plouffe scored , Rosario to second , Rosario to third advancing on throw . Suzuki doubled to deep left , Rosario and Hicks scored . Santana ran for Suzuki . Escobar hit ground rule double to deep left center , Santana scored . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Dozier grounded out to second , Escobar to third . Hunter flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Fryer catching . Perkins pitching for Twins . Ramírez lined out to third . Kang homered to left center ( 439 feet ) . Álvarez singled to right . Cervelli grounded out to third , Álvarez to second . Rodriguez flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Mauer grounded out to second . Sanó walked . Núñez ran for Sanó . Plouffe grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Núñez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 8 - Twins 7 .	Kang homer sends Pirates to 8 - 7 win against Twins