Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Pollock singled to center . Hill singled to right , Pollock to third . Goldschmidt singled to center , Pollock scored , Hill to second . Castillo walked , Hill to third , Goldschmidt to second . Tomás grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hill scored , Castillo out at second , Goldschmidt to third . Peralta flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Polanco singled to center . Marte singled to left , Polanco to second . McCutchen hit sacrifice fly to left , Polanco scored , Marte to third . Ramírez hit sacrifice fly to right , Marte scored . Kang grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Owings grounded out to third . Ahmed tripled to deep right . Anderson reached on bunt single to first , Ahmed scored . Pollock grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker grounded out to third . Álvarez singled to center . Cervelli flied out to right . Liriano doubled to deep right center , Álvarez scored . Polanco fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Hill flied out to center . Goldschmidt grounded out to pitcher . Castillo walked . Tomás grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Marte homered to center ( 414 feet ) . McCutchen struck out swinging . Ramírez walked . Kang flied out to center . Walker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Peralta struck out looking . Owings flied out to right . Ahmed flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Álvarez struck out swinging . Cervelli singled to right center . Liriano struck out bunting foul . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Anderson grounded out to third . Pollock flied out to center . Hill struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Marte flied out to right . McCutchen lined out to left . Ramírez singled to left . Kang singled to right , Ramírez to second . Walker walked , Ramírez to third , Kang to second . Álvarez singled to center , Ramírez and Kang scored , Walker to second . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Cervelli singled to center , Walker scored , Álvarez to third . Liriano struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Castillo struck out looking . Tomás flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Polanco flied out to right . Marte flied out to left . McCutchen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Peralta struck out swinging . Owings grounded out to second . Ahmed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramírez flied out to center . Kang homered to left ( 404 feet ) . Walker grounded out to first . Álvarez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Rodriguez at first base . Saltalamacchia hit for Collmenter . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Saltalamacchia singled to center . Pollock walked , Saltalamacchia to second . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Hill singled to center , Saltalamacchia to third , Pollock to second . Goldschmidt walked , Saltalamacchia scored , Pollock to third , Hill to second . Watson pitching for Pirates . Castillo hit sacrifice fly to right , Pollock scored , Hill to third . Tomás singled to center , Hill scored , Goldschmidt to second . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tomás out at second , Goldschmidt to third . Owings struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Cervelli struck out looking . Ishikawa hit for Watson . Ishikawa walked . Florimón ran for Ishikawa . Polanco singled to shallow left center , Florimón to second . Marte grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Kang at third base . Florimón at shortstop . Inciarte hit for Ahmed . Inciarte safe at first on error by third baseman Kang . Lamb hit for Delgado . Lamb struck out swinging . Pollock popped out to first . Hill singled to left center , Inciarte to second . Goldschmidt safe at third on error by first baseman Rodriguez , Inciarte and Hill scored . Castillo fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Hill at second base . Owings at shortstop . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Lamb at third base . McCutchen singled to center . Morse hit for Melancon . Morse grounded out to shortstop , McCutchen to second . Kang lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Caminero pitching for Pirates . Tomás grounded out to shortstop . Peralta grounded out to second . Owings singled to center . Hernández hit for Hernandez . Hernández hit by pitch , Owings to second . Lamb grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 10th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Cervelli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 11th . Caminero pitching for Pirates . Pollock grounded out to third . Hill struck out swinging . Goldschmidt walked . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 11th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Florimón struck out swinging . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Marte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 12th . Caminero pitching for Pirates . Tomás grounded out to second . Peralta grounded out to second . Owings grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 12th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen singled to center . Stewart hit for Caminero . Stewart sacrificed to pitcher , McCutchen to second . Kang struck out swinging . Walker intentionally walked . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 13th . Blanton pitching for Pirates . Reed grounded out to second . Lamb grounded out to second . Pollock doubled to deep center . Hill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 13th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Cervelli reached on infield single to shortstop . Florimón bunt popped out foul to first . Polanco flied out to right . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 14th . Blanton pitching for Pirates . Goldschmidt walked . Castillo struck out swinging . Tomás popped out to second . Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by Blanton . Peralta intentionally walked . Owings flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 14th . Hessler pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . Blanton grounded out to second . Kang grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 15th . Blanton pitching for Pirates . Hessler singled to left , Hessler out stretching at second . Lamb grounded out to first . Pollock grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 15th . Hessler pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker struck out looking . Rodriguez struck out looking . Cervelli singled to center . Florimón tripled to deep right , Cervelli scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Pirates 9 .	Pirates survive Arizona rally , win 9 - 8 in 15 innings