Pirates - Top 1st . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Polanco grounded out to second . Walker lined out to second . McCutchen reached on infield single to third , McCutchen to second on throwing error by third baseman Frazier . Kang flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 1st . Locke pitching for Pirates . Bourgeois lined out to left . Frazier safe at first on error by shortstop Rodriguez . Votto grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Frazier out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 2nd . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Álvarez singled to right . Rodriguez flied out to center . Snider struck out swinging . Stewart lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Phillips safe at first on error by shortstop Rodriguez . Bruce singled to right , Phillips to second . Suárez singled to center , Phillips scored , Bruce to second . Duvall walked , Bruce to third , Suárez to second . Barnhart hit sacrifice fly to right , Bruce scored , Suárez scored , Duvall to third on throwing error by right fielder Polanco . DeSclafani struck out swinging . Bourgeois grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Locke grounded out to third . Polanco struck out swinging . Walker singled to right . McCutchen lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Frazier flied out to right . Votto singled to left . Phillips struck out swinging . Bruce flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Kang lined out to left . Álvarez struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Suárez struck out swinging . Duvall struck out looking . Barnhart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Snider flied out to left . Stewart singled to left center . Locke sacrificed to third , Stewart to second . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Locke pitching for Pirates . DeSclafani singled to center . Bourgeois bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , DeSclafani out at second . Frazier struck out swinging . Votto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Walker grounded out to first . McCutchen lined out to right . Kang singled to deep right . Álvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Phillips safe at first on error by first baseman Álvarez . Bruce walked , Phillips to second . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Phillips caught stealing third , pitcher to third to second , Bruce to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Suárez popped out to second . Duvall grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 7th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Snider grounded out to shortstop . Stewart grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Caminero pitching for Pirates . Barnhart flied out to left . DeSclafani walked . Bourgeois grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , DeSclafani out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Decker hit for Caminero . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Decker doubled to deep right . Polanco grounded out to second , Decker to third . Walker singled to right , Decker scored . Díaz pitching for Reds . McCutchen walked , Walker to second . Kang grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , McCutchen out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Bastardo pitching for Pirates . Frazier struck out swinging . Votto struck out looking . Phillips lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Bourgeois in left field . Chapman pitching for Reds . LaMarre in center field . Harrison hit for Álvarez . Harrison struck out swinging . Rodriguez hit by pitch . Marte hit for Snider . Rodriguez picked off first . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 1 - Reds 3 .	Defense lets Pirates down in 3 - 1 loss to Reds