Tigers - Top 1st. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Grossman flied out to left. Schoop struck out swinging. Candelario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. Hernández doubled to center. Verdugo grounded out to shortstop, Hernández to third. Cordero ran for Hernández. Martinez singled to center, Cordero scored. Bogaerts singled to right, Martinez to second. Devers struck out swinging. Renfroe lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Cordero in left field. Verdugo in center field. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Ramos grounded out to second. Goodrum struck out swinging. Castro lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. Gonzalez lined out to pitcher. Plawecki doubled to deep left. Dalbec struck out swinging. Cordero doubled to right, Plawecki scored. Verdugo grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Jones doubled to right. Reyes grounded out to second, Jones to third. Baddoo lined out to pitcher, Jones scored. Grossman struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Turnbull pitching for Tigers. Martinez safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Goodrum. Bogaerts hit by pitch, Martinez to second. Devers singled to left center, Martinez scored, Bogaerts to third. Renfroe struck out swinging, Devers caught stealing second, catcher to second. Gonzalez hit by pitch. Plawecki singled to left, Bogaerts scored, Gonzalez to second. Dalbec flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 4th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Schoop reached on infield single to shortstop. Candelario singled to right, Schoop to second. Ramos doubled to deep right, Schoop scored, Candelario to third. Goodrum struck out swinging. Castro singled to left center, Candelario scored and Ramos scored. Jones safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Devers, Castro to second. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jones out at second, Castro to third. Reyes stole second. Baddoo walked. Grossman grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Alexander pitching for Tigers. Cordero struck out swinging. Verdugo flied out to left. Martinez safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Candelario. Bogaerts singled to center, Martinez scored, Bogaerts to second. Devers flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 5th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Schoop reached on infield single to shortstop. Candelario singled to right, Schoop to second. Ramos grounded out to shortstop, Candelario to second, Schoop to third. Taylor pitching for Red Sox. Schoop scored, Candelario to third on wild pitch by Taylor. Goodrum reached on infield single to second, Candelario scored. Castro bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Goodrum out at second. Jones struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Alexander pitching for Tigers. Renfroe popped out to first. Gonzalez doubled to shallow left. Plawecki flied out to center, Gonzalez to third. Dalbec struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Valdéz pitching for Red Sox. Reyes grounded out to second. Baddoo struck out looking. Grossman reached on infield single to second. Grossman stole second. Schoop walked. Candelario singled to right, Grossman scored, Schoop to third. Ramos lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Alexander pitching for Tigers. Cordero singled to center. Verdugo singled to right, Cordero to third. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Martinez singled to left, Cordero scored, Verdugo to second. Bogaerts walked, Martinez to second, Verdugo to third. Devers singled to right center, Martinez scored and Verdugo scored, Bogaerts to third. Funkhouser pitching for Tigers. Devers to second on wild pitch by Funkhouser. Renfroe grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Plawecki walked. Dalbec flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Red Sox. Goodrum struck out looking. Castro singled to center. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castro safe at third, Jones safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Devers. Reyes grounded out to shortstop, Castro scored, Jones to third. Baddoo grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Funkhouser pitching for Tigers. Cordero singled to right. Verdugo flied out to left. Martinez lined out to left. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cordero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Andriese pitching for Red Sox. Grossman walked. Schoop flied out to center. Grossman to second on balk. Candelario grounded out to shortstop, Grossman to third. Ramos singled to shallow center, Grossman scored. Goodrum singled to left, Ramos to second. Castro singled to center, Goodrum to second, Ramos to third. Jones struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Greiner catching. Funkhouser pitching for Tigers. Devers safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Goodrum. Lange pitching for Tigers. Renfroe struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Devers to second on wild pitch by Lange. Plawecki walked. Arroyo ran for Plawecki. Vázquez hit for Dalbec. Vázquez singled to shallow left, Devers scored, Arroyo to third. Soto pitching for Tigers. Cordero safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Candelario, Arroyo scored, Vázquez to second. Vázquez to third, Cordero to second on wild pitch by Soto. Verdugo singled to shallow center, Vázquez scored and Cordero scored. Martinez flied out to right. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Gonzalez at first base. Arroyo at second base. Vázquez catching. Ottavino pitching for Red Sox. Reyes walked. Baddoo grounded into fielder's choice to first, Reyes out at second. Grossman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Baddoo out at second. Schoop popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 9 - Red Sox 12.	Cordero snaps slump, Red Sox hold on to beat Tigers 12-9