Tigers - Top 1st. Happ pitching for Twins. Baddoo singled to left center. Hill grounded out to pitcher, Baddoo to second. Grossman struck out looking. Haase walked. Candelario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Peralta pitching for Tigers. Kepler struck out looking. Rooker fouled out to right. Polanco grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Happ pitching for Twins. Short flied out to left. Castro singled to center. Castro singled to right, Castro to second. Greiner singled to left, Castro scored, Castro to second. Baddoo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Greiner out at second, Castro to third. Hill reached on bunt single to first, Castro scored, Baddoo to second. Grossman walked, Hill to second, Baddoo to third. Haase flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Peralta pitching for Tigers. Sanó walked. Larnach lined out to left. Astudillo singled to right, Sanó to second. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Astudillo out at second, Sanó to third. Jeffers walked, Gordon to second. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jeffers out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Happ pitching for Twins. Candelario grounded out to third. Short flied out to left. Castro lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Peralta pitching for Tigers. Kepler flied out to left. Rooker grounded out to shortstop. Polanco grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Happ pitching for Twins. Castro singled to center. Greiner walked, Castro to second. Baddoo doubled to right, Castro scored, Greiner to third. Hill reached on infield single to second, Greiner scored, Baddoo to third. Grossman singled to right, Baddoo scored, Hill to second. Haase walked, Grossman to second, Hill to third. Candelario doubled to deep left, Hill scored and Grossman scored, Haase to third. Burrows pitching for Twins. Short hit sacrifice fly to center, Haase scored, Candelario to third. Castro tripled to deep center, Candelario scored. Castro hit sacrifice fly to center, Castro scored. Greiner grounded out to shortstop. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Peralta pitching for Tigers. Sanó homered to center (429 feet). Larnach singled to deep right. Astudillo singled to right, Larnach to second. Gordon singled to center, Astudillo to second, Larnach to third. Jeffers homered to center (418 feet), Larnach scored, Astudillo scored and Gordon scored. Simmons lined out to right. Kepler hit by pitch. Funkhouser pitching for Tigers. Rooker singled to shallow left, Kepler to second. Polanco reached on infield single to second, Rooker to second, Kepler to third. Sanó singled to shallow left, Kepler scored, Polanco to second, Rooker to third. Larnach struck out swinging. Astudillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sanó out at second. 6 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Burrows pitching for Twins. Baddoo walked. Baddoo caught stealing second, catcher to second. Hill struck out swinging. Grossman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Holland pitching for Tigers. Gordon reached on infield single to first. Jeffers walked, Gordon to second. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jeffers out at second, Gordon to third. Kepler fouled out to third. Rooker walked, Simmons to second. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Burrows pitching for Twins. Haase walked. Candelario walked, Haase to second. Short doubled to left, Haase scored, Candelario to third. Castro hit sacrifice fly to center, Candelario scored. Castro flied out to center. Short to third on passed ball by Jeffers. Greiner doubled to deep right center, Short scored. Baddoo grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Sanó flied out to center. Larnach flied out to shortstop. Astudillo popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Minaya pitching for Twins. Hill flied out to right. Grossman flied out to left. Haase grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Gordon grounded out to first. Jeffers struck out swinging. Simmons grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Minaya pitching for Twins. Candelario grounded out to shortstop. Short struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Kepler homered to right (409 feet). Rooker homered to left (436 feet). Polanco walked. Jiménez pitching for Tigers. Sanó homered to left (473 feet), Polanco scored. Larnach flied out to left. Astudillo doubled to deep left center. Gordon struck out swinging. Jeffers homered to left (396 feet), Astudillo scored. Donaldson hit for Simmons. Donaldson walked. Cave ran for Donaldson. Kepler struck out looking. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Polanco at shortstop. Gordon at second base. Cave in center field. Minaya pitching for Twins. Castro struck out swinging. Greiner walked. Baddoo struck out swinging. Hill singled to left, Greiner to second. Grossman walked, Hill to second, Greiner to third. Haase doubled to left, Greiner scored, Grossman scored and Hill scored. Candelario doubled to center, Haase scored. Short flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Soto pitching for Tigers. Rooker walked. Polanco homered to left (399 feet), Rooker scored. Sanó struck out looking. Larnach struck out swinging. Astudillo grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 17 - Twins 14.	Lions-Vikings? Naw, Tigers top Twins by NFL-like 17-14 final