Rockies - Top 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Young Jr. doubled to right. Fowler struck out looking. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Young Jr. out at third. Rosario singled to left, Tulowitzki to second. Cuddyer singled to left, Tulowitzki thrown out at home, Rosario to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Garland pitching for Rockies. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Ross grounded out to shortstop. Kubel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Pacheco grounded out to second. Arenado flied out to right. Rutledge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Garland pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Montero singled to right. Chavez singled to right, Montero to third. Wilson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Garland bunt grounded out to pitcher. Young Jr. doubled to deep right center. Young Jr. caught stealing third, pitcher to third to second. Fowler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Herrera at shortstop. Garland pitching for Rockies. Pennington singled to right. Corbin sacrificed to pitcher, Pennington to second. Parra singled to left, Pennington to third. Ross lined out to pitcher, Parra to second. Pennington scored, Parra to third on passed ball by Rosario. Parra scored on Garland's wild pitch. Kubel struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Herrera struck out looking. Rosario struck out swinging. Cuddyer doubled to left center. Pacheco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Garland pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt singled to right. Montero grounded out to third, Goldschmidt to second. Chavez grounded out to second, Goldschmidt to third. Wilson doubled to deep center, Goldschmidt scored. Pennington intentionally walked. Corbin grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado grounded out to second. Rutledge flied out to right. Garland grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Garland pitching for Rockies. Parra tripled to deep center. Ross singled to center, Parra scored. Kubel grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Ross out at second. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Young Jr. doubled to deep center. Fowler singled to left center, Young Jr. scored, Fowler to second advancing on throw. Herrera bunt grounded out to pitcher, Fowler to third. Fowler scored on Corbin's wild pitch. Rosario struck out swinging. Cuddyer flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Garland pitching for Rockies. Montero walked. Chavez grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Montero out at second. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Pacheco singled to center. Arenado lined out to center. Rutledge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pacheco out at second. Torrealba hit for Garland. Torrealba singled to center, Rutledge to third. Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks. Young Jr. popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Outman pitching for Rockies. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. Marte hit for Reynolds. Marte flied out to center. Parra lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Bell pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler struck out looking. Herrera flied out to center. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Outman pitching for Rockies. Ross grounded out to third. Pollock hit for Kubel. Pollock flied out to center. Goldschmidt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Parra in left field. Pollock in center field. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Cuddyer flied out to center. Pacheco reached on infield single to shortstop. Arenado walked, Pacheco to second. Rutledge grounded out to pitcher, Pacheco to third, Arenado to second. Gonzalez hit for Outman. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 2 - Diamondbacks 4.	Parra triples, scores twice in D-backs' win