Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Richard pitching for Padres. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. Prado walked. Goldschmidt grounded out to third, Prado to second. Ross grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Denorfia grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera flied out to center. Headley hit by pitch. Quentin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Richard pitching for Padres. Parra singled to right. Nieves walked, Parra to second. Wilson singled to right, Parra scored, Nieves to third. Pennington singled to center, Nieves scored, Wilson to third. Corbin sacrificed to catcher, Wilson scored, Pennington to second. Corbin safe at second, Pennington to third on throwing error by pitcher Richard. Pollock hit ground rule double to deep right center, Pennington and Corbin scored. Prado struck out swinging, Pollock stole third. Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to right, Pollock scored. Ross singled to right. Parra grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanks grounded out to pitcher. Alonso struck out swinging. Gyorko singled to center. Hundley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Richard pitching for Padres. Nieves grounded out to third. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Pennington struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Richard singled to left center. Denorfia flied out to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. Headley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Richard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Richard pitching for Padres. Corbin struck out swinging. Pollock homered to left center (411 feet). Prado grounded out to second. Goldschmidt walked. Ross singled to center, Goldschmidt to second. Parra walked, Goldschmidt to third, Ross to second. Boxberger pitching for Padres. Nieves flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Quentin walked. Blanks walked, Quentin to second. Alonso grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Blanks out at second, Quentin to third. Gyorko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Boxberger pitching for Padres. Wilson struck out swinging. Pennington struck out swinging. Corbin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley lined out to right. Boxberger grounded out to second. Denorfia doubled to deep right. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Boxberger pitching for Padres. Pollock safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera. Prado doubled to deep left, Pollock to third. Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to right, Pollock scored, Prado to third. Ross grounded out to shortstop. Parra struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Headley reached on infield single to catcher. Quentin struck out swinging. Blanks walked, Headley to second. Alonso struck out swinging. Gyorko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Brach pitching for Padres. Guzman in left field. Nieves grounded out to second. Wilson lined out to pitcher. Pennington walked. Corbin fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley fouled out to third. Guzman grounded out to third. Denorfia homered to left (421 feet). Cabrera grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Amarista at third base. Bass pitching for Padres. Pollock walked. Prado grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pollock out at second. Hinske hit for Goldschmidt. Hinske singled to center, Prado to second. Ross grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hinske out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Hinske at first base. Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks. Amarista flied out to left. Venable hit for Bass. Venable walked. Blanks hit ground rule double to shallow left, Venable to third. Alonso walked. Bell pitching for Diamondbacks. Gyorko grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Alonso out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Denorfia in right field. Venable in center field. Blanks at first base. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Parra singled to left. Nieves grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Parra out at second. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Bell pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley struck out swinging. Guzman struck out swinging. Denorfia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 8 - Padres 1.	Corbin shines as D-backs dismantle Padres