Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Slowey pitching for Marlins. Parra doubled to center. Gregorius popped out to shortstop. Goldschmidt homered to left (403 feet), Parra scored. Chavez homered to right (400 feet). Ross flied out to center. Montero flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Pierre walked. Hechavarria struck out swinging. Pierre stole second. Dietrich walked. Ozuna singled to left, Pierre to third, Dietrich to second. Ruggiano grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ozuna out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Slowey pitching for Marlins. Prado lined out to right. Pollock flied out to center. Cahill struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Dobbs singled to left. Polanco struck out swinging. Brantly grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Dobbs out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Slowey pitching for Marlins. Parra grounded out to first. Gregorius singled to center. Goldschmidt homered to left (377 feet), Gregorius scored. Chavez singled to right. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to third, Chavez out at second. Montero walked, Ross to second. Prado singled to left, Ross scored, Montero to second. Pollock fouled out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Slowey walked. Pierre walked, Slowey to second. Hechavarria grounded into fielder's choice to third, Slowey out at third, Pierre to second. Dietrich grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hechavarria out at second, Pierre to third. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dietrich out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. LeBlanc pitching for Marlins. Cahill struck out swinging. Parra singled to left. Gregorius flied out to center. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruggiano grounded out to shortstop. Dobbs grounded out to first. Polanco grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. LeBlanc pitching for Marlins. Chavez singled to right. Ross struck out swinging. Montero fouled out to left. Prado singled to right, Chavez to third. Pollock grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Brantly grounded out to first. LeBlanc grounded out to third. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. LeBlanc pitching for Marlins. Cahill grounded out to second. Parra singled to left. Gregorius grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop. Dietrich lined out to shortstop. Ozuna struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. LeBlanc pitching for Marlins. Goldschmidt doubled to right. Chavez grounded out to first, Goldschmidt to third. Ross hit sacrifice fly to right, Goldschmidt scored. Montero flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruggiano struck out swinging. Dobbs singled to right. Polanco singled to center, Dobbs to second. Brantly singled to center, Dobbs scored, Polanco to third. Coghlan hit for LeBlanc. Coghlan grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Brantly out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Rauch pitching for Marlins. Prado singled to center. Pollock flied out to right. Cahill struck out swinging. Parra grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Pierre lined out to left. Hechavarria grounded out to third. Dietrich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Rauch pitching for Marlins. Gregorius walked. Goldschmidt singled to right, Gregorius to third. Chavez singled to left, Gregorius scored, Goldschmidt to second. Pennington ran for Chavez. Ross singled to left, Goldschmidt scored, Pennington to second. Webb pitching for Marlins. Montero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ross out at second, Pennington to third. Prado grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Pennington at second base. Prado at third base. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Ozuna fouled out to first. Ruggiano grounded out to shortstop. Dobbs doubled to deep right. Polanco singled to left, Dobbs scored. Brantly struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 9 - Marlins 2.	Goldschmidt's 2 HRs fuel D-backs