Rangers - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Murphy grounded out to second. Berkman bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Parra singled to center. Gregorius tripled to deep right, Parra scored. Chavez hit sacrifice fly to left, Gregorius scored. Kubel struck out swinging. Montero struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Beltre doubled to deep left. Beltre to third on wild pitch by Cahill. Pierzynski hit sacrifice fly to left, Beltre scored. Gentry grounded out to third. Martin grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Pollock singled to center. Hinske struck out swinging. Pollock stole second. Pennington grounded out to shortstop, Pollock to third. Cahill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Garcia singled to right center, Garcia to second on error by right fielder Parra. Darvish struck out bunting foul. Andrus sacrificed to pitcher, Garcia to third. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Parra struck out swinging. Gregorius flied out to left. Chavez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Berkman singled to center. Beltre flied out to right. Pierzynski singled to right, Berkman to second. Gentry grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pierzynski out at second, Berkman to third, Berkman scored, Gentry to second on throwing error by second baseman Pennington. Martin grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Kubel struck out swinging. Montero flied out to center. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Ross in right field. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Garcia struck out looking. Darvish grounded out to second. Andrus grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Hinske struck out swinging. Pennington singled to right. Cahill struck out swinging. Ross struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Murphy grounded out to first. Berkman walked. Beltre singled to right, Berkman to third. Pierzynski singled to right, Berkman scored, Beltre to third. Gentry grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltre scored, Pierzynski out at second. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gentry out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Gregorius grounded out to second. Chavez lined out to left. Kubel tripled to center. Montero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Garcia struck out swinging. Darvish struck out looking. Andrus singled to center. Murphy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Pollock struck out looking. Hinske struck out swinging. Pennington struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Berkman walked. Moreland ran for Berkman. Beltre grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Moreland out at second. Pierzynski flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Moreland at first base. Nieves hit for Cahill. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Nieves singled to left. Ross struck out swinging. Gregorius homered to right (400 feet), Nieves scored. Chavez flied out to right. Kirkman pitching for Rangers. Kubel flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks. Gentry grounded out to third. Martin walked. Garcia fouled out to first. Baker hit for Kirkman. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Baker singled to right, Martin to third. Andrus grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Frasor pitching for Rangers. Montero doubled to deep right. Pollock struck out swinging. Ross pitching for Rangers. Prado hit for Hinske. Prado intentionally walked. Pennington singled to right, Montero scored, Prado to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 4 - Diamondbacks 5.	D-backs overcome Darvish's 14 K's