Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Grimm pitching for Rangers. Parra singled to right. Gregorius flied out to right. Goldschmidt lined out to right. Pennington hit for Chavez. Parra stole second. Parra to third on wild pitch by Grimm. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. Pennington hit for Chavez. Parra stole second. Parra to third on wild pitch by Grimm. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. Pennington hit for Chavez. Parra stole second. Parra to third on wild pitch by Grimm. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Pennington at second base. Prado at third base. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Andrus grounded out to third. Murphy grounded out to second. Berkman singled to right. Beltre grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Grimm pitching for Rangers. Prado flied out to right. Montero struck out swinging. Kubel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz doubled to deep center. Moreland flied out to left. Pierzynski doubled to left, Cruz scored. Profar fouled out to pitcher. Martin singled to center, Pierzynski scored. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Grimm pitching for Rangers. Ross grounded out to shortstop. Pollock flied out to right. Parra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Murphy singled to center. Berkman flied out to left. Beltre doubled to deep left, Murphy scored, Beltre to third advancing on throw. Cruz singled to left center, Beltre scored. Moreland homered to right (391 feet), Cruz scored. Pierzynski flied out to left. Profar singled to center. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Grimm pitching for Rangers. Gregorius flied out to center. Goldschmidt singled to left center. Pennington singled to right, Goldschmidt to second. Prado flied out to right. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Andrus lined out to first. Murphy homered to right (372 feet). Berkman flied out to center. Beltre walked. Cruz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Grimm pitching for Rangers. Kubel grounded out to first. Ross grounded out to third. Pollock singled to center. Parra grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Moreland hit by pitch. Pierzynski popped out to shortstop. Profar singled to right, Moreland to second. Martin reached on infield single to third, Moreland to third, Profar to second. Andrus singled to center, Moreland and Profar scored, Martin to second. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Andrus out at second, Martin to third. Berkman flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Grimm pitching for Rangers. Gregorius grounded out to second. Goldschmidt doubled to deep left. Pennington singled to right, Goldschmidt to third. Prado singled to right, Goldschmidt scored, Pennington to second. Montero singled to center, Pennington to third, Prado to second, Pennington scored, Prado to third, Montero to second on error by center fielder Martin. Kubel grounded out to second, Prado scored, Montero to third. Ross struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Beltre reached on infield single to shortstop. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Beltre out at second. Cruz stole second. Moreland grounded out to pitcher. Pierzynski lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Kirkman pitching for Rangers. Pollock reached on infield single to shortstop. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pollock out at second. Gregorius singled to center, Parra to second. Goldschmidt singled to left, Parra scored, Gregorius to second. Pennington flied out to left. Prado singled to center, Gregorius scored, Goldschmidt to third. Cotts pitching for Rangers. Montero struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks. Profar singled to right. Martin flied out to right. Profar to second on wild pitch by Sipp. Andrus struck out swinging. Murphy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Cotts pitching for Rangers. Kubel struck out swinging. Ross grounded out to third. Pollock grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks. Berkman grounded out to second. Beltre flied out to right. Cruz walked. Moreland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Ross pitching for Rangers. Parra struck out swinging. Gregorius reached on infield single to second. Goldschmidt singled to center, Gregorius to second. Pennington grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Rangers 9.	Moreland, Grimm help Rangers snap skid