Giants - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco struck out looking. Scutaro grounded out to pitcher. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Bloomquist grounded out to third. Pollock struck out swinging. Goldschmidt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Sandoval singled to center. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sandoval out at second. Pence stole second. Belt struck out swinging. Pence stole third, Pence scored on throwing error by catcher Montero. Torres walked. Crawford doubled to deep right, Torres scored, Crawford to third advancing on throw. Bumgarner struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Ross grounded out to shortstop. Montero struck out swinging. Prado grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco doubled to deep center. Blanco to third on wild pitch by Cahill. Scutaro grounded out to third. Posey hit by pitch. Sandoval grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Posey out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Arias at third base. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Parra singled to right. Gregorius struck out swinging. Cahill sacrificed to catcher, Parra to second. Bloomquist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence hit ground rule double to deep left. Belt singled to right, Pence to third. Torres hit sacrifice fly to right, Pence scored. Crawford singled to right, Belt to third. Bumgarner sacrificed to first, Belt scored, Crawford to second. Blanco hit ground rule double to deep right, Crawford scored. Scutaro singled to center, Blanco scored. Posey homered to left (377 feet), Scutaro scored. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Arias struck out looking. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Pollock grounded out to third. Goldschmidt flied out to center. Ross singled to right. Montero singled to center, Ross thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence fouled out to first. Belt fouled out to left. Torres struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Prado grounded out to pitcher. Parra flied out to left. Gregorius struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford flied out to center. Bumgarner walked. Blanco struck out swinging. Scutaro walked, Bumgarner to second. Posey singled to right center, Bumgarner scored, Scutaro to third. Arias grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Posey out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Wilson hit for Collmenter. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Wilson singled to center. Bloomquist walked, Wilson to second. Pollock doubled to deep left center, Wilson scored, Bloomquist to third. Ramirez pitching for Giants. Goldschmidt grounded out to third, Bloomquist scored. Ross walked. Pollock to third, Ross to second on wild pitch by Ramirez. Montero hit sacrifice fly to right, Pollock scored, Ross to third. Prado walked, Ross scored. Prado batting. Lopez pitching for Giants. Parra walked, Prado to second. Gregorius struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence homered to right (388 feet). Belt singled to left. Torres flied out to right. Crawford singled to right, Belt to second. Abreu hit for Lopez. Abreu grounded out to first, Belt to third, Crawford to second. Blanco walked. Scutaro grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Machi pitching for Giants. Abreu at second base. Hinske hit for Harris. Hinske struck out looking. Bloomquist lined out to right. Pollock grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey flied out to center. Arias struck out swinging. Pence grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Machi pitching for Giants. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. Ross struck out swinging. Montero hit ground rule double to deep center. Prado grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt singled to right. Torres flied out to center. Crawford singled to right, Belt to second. Abreu flied out to right. Blanco struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Mijares pitching for Giants. Pennington hit for Parra. Pennington singled to center. Nieves hit for Gregorius. Nieves struck out swinging. Kubel hit for Sipp. Kubel struck out swinging. Bloomquist doubled to deep center, Pennington scored. Pollock grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 10 - Diamondbacks 5.	Six-run inning helps Giants wallop D-backs