Giants - Top 1st. Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks. Torres singled to center. Scutaro singled to center, Torres to third. Posey singled to left, Torres scored, Scutaro to second. Pence walked, Scutaro to third, Posey to second. Arias singled to center, Scutaro scored, Posey to third, Pence to second. Belt lined out to second. Perez fouled out to second. Crawford struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Gaudin pitching for Giants. Parra flied out to left. Gregorius grounded out to second. Goldschmidt lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks. Gaudin struck out swinging. Torres lined out to left. Scutaro walked. Posey struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Gaudin pitching for Giants. Montero popped out to shortstop. Prado popped out to first. Kubel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence doubled to left. Arias grounded out to shortstop. Belt grounded out to pitcher, Pence to third. Perez reached on infield single to third, Pence scored, Perez to second on throwing error by third baseman Prado. Crawford intentionally walked. Gaudin struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Gaudin pitching for Giants. Pollock struck out swinging. Pennington singled to left center. Skaggs sacrificed to catcher, Pennington to second, Skaggs safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Gaudin. Parra lined out to center. Gregorius struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 4th. Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks. Torres popped out to shortstop. Scutaro homered to left (355 feet). Posey flied out to center. Pence flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Gaudin pitching for Giants. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Montero singled to center. Prado struck out looking. Kubel singled to right, Montero to second. Pollock singled to center, Montero scored, Kubel to third. Kubel scored, Pollock to second on balk by Gaudin. Pennington intentionally walked. Skaggs struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks. Arias grounded out to second. Belt homered to right center (395 feet). Perez fouled out to first. Crawford grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Gaudin pitching for Giants. Parra grounded out to third. Gregorius struck out looking. Goldschmidt lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks. Gaudin safe at first on error by first baseman Goldschmidt. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Torres grounded into fielder's choice to right, Gaudin out at second. Scutaro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Torres out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Gaudin pitching for Giants. Montero struck out swinging. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Kubel doubled to deep right. Pollock lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey singled to left. Pence singled to right, Posey to second. Arias grounded out to third, Posey to third, Pence to second. Belt intentionally walked. Abreu hit for Perez. Abreu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Belt out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Mijares pitching for Giants. Blanco in center field. Pennington popped out to shortstop. Bloomquist hit for Ziegler. Bloomquist popped out to second. Parra singled to left. Gregorius flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford grounded out to third. Blanco tripled to deep right. Torres hit sacrifice fly to left, Blanco scored. Scutaro singled to left. Posey lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Machi pitching for Giants. Goldschmidt grounded out to pitcher. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Montero grounded out to second. Prado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence struck out swinging. Arias grounded out to pitcher. Belt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Kubel struck out swinging. Romo pitching for Giants. Pollock struck out swinging. Pennington fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 6 - Diamondbacks 2.	Giants top D-backs, close in on division lead