Reds - Top 1st. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Robinson grounded out to third. Choo walked. Votto singled to left center, Choo to second. Phillips lined into double play, to first, Votto doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Cueto pitching for Reds. Parra homered to right (386 feet). Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt singled to left. Montero flied out to left. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to third, Goldschmidt out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Bruce struck out looking. Frazier grounded out to third. Cozart singled to center. Hanigan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Cueto pitching for Reds. Kubel singled to center. Prado flied out to center. Gregorius singled to left, Kubel to second. Miley struck out swinging. Parra walked, Kubel to third, Gregorius to second. Bloomquist singled to right center, Kubel and Gregorius scored, Parra to third. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Cueto struck out swinging. Robinson walked. Choo struck out swinging. Votto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Cueto pitching for Reds. Montero grounded out to second. Ross struck out looking. Kubel singled to left. Prado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Phillips flied out to center. Bruce homered to right (399 feet). Frazier walked. Frazier to second on wild pitch by Miley. Cozart grounded out to shortstop, Frazier to third. Hanigan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Gregorius flied out to left. Miley singled to center. Parra grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Miley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Cueto reached on bunt single to first. Robinson flied out to center. Choo walked, Cueto to second. Votto doubled to left, Cueto scored, Choo to third. Phillips safe at first on error by shortstop Gregorius, Choo scored. Bruce grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Phillips out at second, Votto to third. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Frazier struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Bloomquist singled to center. Goldschmidt homered to right (393 feet), Bloomquist scored. Montero singled to right. Ross struck out looking. Montero to second on wild pitch by Cueto. Kubel singled to right center, Montero to third. Hoover pitching for Reds. Prado hit sacrifice fly to right, Montero scored. Gregorius singled to shallow right, Kubel to second, Kubel to third on error by second baseman Phillips. Hinske hit for Harris. Hinske walked, Gregorius to second. Kubel scored, Gregorius to third, Hinske to second on wild pitch by Hoover. Parra struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 6th. Spruill pitching for Diamondbacks. Cozart singled to right. Hanigan grounded out to third, Cozart to second. Lutz hit for Hoover. Lutz struck out swinging. Robinson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Partch pitching for Reds. Bloomquist flied out to right. Goldschmidt homered to center (447 feet). Montero walked. Ross walked, Montero to second. Kubel doubled to right, Montero scored, Ross to third. Prado hit sacrifice fly to center, Ross scored. Gregorius doubled to deep left center, Kubel scored. Pollock hit for Spruill. Pollock grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks. Choo struck out looking. Votto homered to right (431 feet). Phillips struck out swinging. Bruce grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Robinson in center field. Paul in left field. Hannahan at first base. Izturis at second base. Simon pitching for Reds. Parra struck out swinging. Bloomquist lined out to center. Goldschmidt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Frazier hit by pitch. Cozart hit by pitch, Frazier to second. Hanigan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cozart out at second, Frazier to third. Paul grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Parra pitching for Reds. Montero grounded out to pitcher. Ross struck out looking. Kubel struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Robinson singled to center. Hannahan flied out to left. Izturis struck out swinging. Mesoraco hit for Parra. Robinson to second on fielder's indifference. Mesoraco singled to center, Robinson scored. Mesoraco to second on fielder's indifference. Bruce popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 5 - Diamondbacks 11.	Goldschmidt hits 2 HRs, D-backs top Reds