Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Bloomquist doubled to deep right. Hill fouled out to shortstop. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop, Bloomquist to third. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Span struck out swinging. Rendon grounded out to shortstop. Werth walked. LaRoche flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Ross grounded out to shortstop. Prado singled to center. Parra grounded out to second, Prado to second. Pollock singled to center, Prado thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Desmond grounded out to third. Tracy flied out to right. Bernadina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Cahill lined out to right. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. Hill singled to shallow center. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Suzuki walked. Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher, Suzuki to second. Span singled to center, Suzuki scored. Rendon singled to right, Span to second. Span to third, Rendon to second on wild pitch by Cahill. Werth singled to left, Span scored, Rendon to third. LaRoche homered to left center (401 feet), Rendon and Werth scored. Desmond struck out swinging. Tracy struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Montero struck out swinging. Ross singled to left center. Prado grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Ross out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Bernadina singled to right. Suzuki singled to center, Bernadina to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Span grounded into fielder's choice to second, Suzuki out at second, Bernadina to third. Rendon popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Parra struck out swinging. Pollock lined out to center. Cahill grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Werth doubled to deep right. LaRoche reached on infield single to second, Werth to third. Desmond hit sacrifice fly to right, Werth scored. Tracy grounded out to third, LaRoche to second. LaRoche to third on wild pitch by Cahill. Bernadina struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Bloomquist lined out to center. Hill doubled to deep left. Goldschmidt singled to right, Hill to third. Montero singled to right, Hill scored, Goldschmidt to second. Ross flied out to right. Prado walked, Goldschmidt to third, Montero to second. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to second, Prado out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Spruill pitching for Diamondbacks. Suzuki flied out to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Span struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Pollock singled to center. Pennington hit for Spruill. Pennington grounded out to second, Pollock to second. Storen pitching for Nationals. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop, Pollock to third. Hill walked. Goldschmidt singled to left, Pollock scored, Hill to second. Montero safe at first on error by second baseman Rendon, Hill scored, Goldschmidt to second. Ross struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Rendon singled to center. Werth walked, Rendon to second. LaRoche singled to right, Rendon thrown out at home, Werth to second. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LaRoche out at second, Werth to third. Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks. Zimmerman hit for Tracy. Zimmerman popped out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Rendon at third base. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Lombardozzi at second base. Prado homered to left (394 feet). Parra grounded out to first. Pollock popped out to first. Kubel hit for Sipp. Kubel grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Bernadina grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Lombardozzi doubled to right. Span safe at second on error by pitcher Ziegler, Lombardozzi scored. Rendon lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Soriano pitching for Nationals. Bloomquist lined out to left. Hill flied out to left. Goldschmidt singled to right. Goldschmidt to second on fielder's indifference. Montero singled to right, Goldschmidt scored. Ross singled to left, Montero to second. Prado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ross out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Nationals 7.	Gonzalez wins 1st since May as Nats prevail