Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Braves. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Prado flied out to center. Goldschmidt walked. Goldschmidt stole second. Chavez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Simmons grounded out to third. Heyward doubled to right. Upton hit by pitch. Freeman flied out to left. McCann grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Montero grounded out to first. Kubel flied out to center. Pollock grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Uggla grounded out to third. Upton walked. Johnson singled to left, Upton to second. Hudson sacrificed to third, Upton to third, Johnson to second. Simmons struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Gregorius fouled out to third. Kennedy walked. Parra struck out swinging. Prado grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kennedy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Heyward struck out swinging. Upton singled to left. Freeman homered to center (418 feet), Upton scored. McCann doubled to deep left. Uggla struck out swinging. McCann to third on wild pitch by Kennedy. Upton struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop. Chavez lined out to left. Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by Hudson. Montero doubled to deep left, Goldschmidt scored. Kubel singled to right, Montero scored. Pollock walked, Kubel to second. Gregorius flied out to left. Kennedy grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson flied out to right. Hudson flied out to center. Simmons popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Parra grounded out to second. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Heyward walked. Upton fouled out to second. Freeman walked, Heyward to second. McCann walked, Heyward to third, Freeman to second. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Uggla walked, Heyward scored, Freeman to third, McCann to second. Upton hit sacrifice fly to center, Freeman scored, McCann to third. Johnson walked, Uggla to second. Hudson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Chavez singled to left. Montero struck out swinging. Kubel grounded into fielder's choice to first, Chavez out at second. Pollock homered to center (421 feet), Kubel scored. Wood pitching for Braves. Gregorius struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Simmons grounded out to third. Heyward fouled out to right. Upton singled to right. Freeman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Ross hit for Ziegler. Wood pitching for Braves. Ross singled to center. Parra sacrificed to third, Ross to second. Varvaro pitching for Braves. Prado lined out to second. Goldschmidt intentionally walked. Avilan pitching for Braves. Chavez fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Bell pitching for Diamondbacks. McCann grounded out to first. Uggla flied out to center. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Walden pitching for Braves. Montero homered to right center (437 feet). Kubel struck out swinging. Pollock singled to right. Gregorius fouled out to third. Hill hit for Bell. Hill singled to right, Pollock to third. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hill out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson popped out to shortstop. Johnson hit for Walden. Johnson hit by pitch. Simmons hit by pitch, Johnson to second. Heyward doubled to deep left, Johnson scored, Simmons to third, Simmons scored on throwing error by left fielder Kubel. Upton singled to right, Heyward to third. Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks. Freeman walked, Upton to second. McCann singled to right, Heyward and Upton scored, Freeman to second. Uggla doubled to deep left, Freeman scored, McCann to third. Upton hit sacrifice fly to right, McCann scored, Uggla to third. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson singled to center, Uggla scored. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Janish at third base. Carpenter pitching for Braves. Prado singled to right. Prado to second on fielder's indifference. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop, Prado to third. Chavez struck out swinging. Montero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Braves 11.	Braves score 7 in 8th inning to top D-backs