Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Pollock flied out to center. Prado tripled to deep left center. Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to left, Prado scored. Hill struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco grounded out to first. Scutaro walked. Posey flied out to left. Sandoval struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Montero struck out swinging. Ross singled to left. Parra popped out to second. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence grounded out to second. Belt lined out to center. Tanaka singled to right. Crawford popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Delgado struck out swinging. Pollock struck out swinging. Prado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Bumgarner grounded out to shortstop. Blanco lined out to left. Scutaro lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Goldschmidt doubled to left. Hill lined out to center. Montero popped out to shortstop. Ross walked. Parra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey grounded out to third. Sandoval flied out to right. Pence walked. Belt singled to right, Pence to second. Tanaka struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Pennington singled to left. Delgado bunt popped out foul to first. Pollock popped into double play, first to pitcher, Pennington doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford walked. Bumgarner sacrificed to catcher, Crawford to second. Blanco lined out to shortstop. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Prado singled to left. Prado caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Goldschmidt walked. Hill struck out swinging. Montero hit by pitch, Goldschmidt to second. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to third, Goldschmidt out at third, Montero to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey walked. Sandoval doubled to deep left center, Posey thrown out at home. Pence grounded out to shortstop, Sandoval to third. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Parra walked. Pennington grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Parra out at second. Eaton hit for De La Rosa. Eaton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Bell pitching for Diamondbacks. Tanaka grounded out to second. Crawford popped out to second. Abreu hit for Bumgarner. Abreu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Rosario pitching for Giants. Pollock grounded out to pitcher. Prado reached on infield single to pitcher. Goldschmidt walked, Prado to second. Hill reached on infield single to shortstop, Prado to third, Goldschmidt to second. Lopez pitching for Giants. Montero flied out to center. Machi pitching for Giants. Ross singled to right center, Prado and Goldschmidt scored, Hill to second. Parra grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Blanco grounded out to first. Scutaro walked. Posey flied out to right. Sandoval struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Dunning pitching for Giants. Pennington grounded out to second. Chavez hit for Hernandez. Chavez grounded out to second. Pollock walked. Pollock caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Prado batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence safe at first on error by pitcher Ziegler. Belt reached on infield single to second, Pence to second. Tanaka grounded into fielder's choice, Pence scored, Belt out at second.  Tanaka safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Hill.  Tanaka out advancing at second. Crawford reached on infield single to third. Francoeur hit for Dunning. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crawford out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Giants 1.	D-backs hold off Giants to halt 3-game slide