Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Locke pitching for Pirates. Pollock grounded out to pitcher. Prado walked. Goldschmidt singled to left, Prado to second. Hill walked, Prado to third, Goldschmidt to second. Davidson struck out looking. Nieves doubled to right, Prado and Goldschmidt scored, Hill to third. Parra grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte struck out swinging. Walker grounded out to first. McCutchen singled to center. McCutchen stole second. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Locke pitching for Pirates. Gregorius singled to right. Cahill struck out bunting foul. Pollock walked, Gregorius to second. Prado lined out to center. Goldschmidt lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin grounded out to second. Jones grounded out to second. Tabata singled to center, Tabata out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Locke pitching for Pirates. Hill grounded out to second. Davidson grounded out to third. Nieves singled to right. Parra singled to left, Nieves to second. Gregorius doubled to right, Nieves scored, Parra to third. Cahill singled to center, Parra and Gregorius scored. Pollock singled to left, Cahill to second. Prado homered to left (358 feet), Cahill and Pollock scored. Goldschmidt singled to center. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Hill struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer grounded out to pitcher. Hughes struck out swinging. Marte homered to left (426 feet). Walker singled to deep right. McCutchen singled to center, Walker to third. Alvarez homered to right (428 feet), Walker and McCutchen scored. Martin grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Davidson struck out swinging. Nieves grounded out to pitcher. Parra safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Hughes. Gregorius intentionally walked. Parra caught stealing third, pitcher to third. Cahill batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones grounded out to first. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. Mercer doubled to left. Lambo hit for Hughes. Lambo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Mazzaro pitching for Pirates. Cahill flied out to right. Pollock grounded out to third. Prado reached on infield single to second. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Prado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Walker struck out looking. McCutchen walked. McCutchen stole second. McCutchen safe at third on error by third baseman Davidson. Alvarez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Mazzaro pitching for Pirates. Hill singled to left center. Davidson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hill out at second. Davidson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Nieves grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin hit ground rule double to deep center. Jones grounded out to second, Martin to third. Tabata singled to left center, Martin scored. Mercer flied out to right. Harrison hit for Mazzaro. Harrison hit by pitch, Tabata to second. Marte hit by pitch, Tabata to third, Harrison to second. Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Wilson pitching for Pirates. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Gregorius lined out to second. Eaton hit for Thatcher. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Prado at third base. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Eaton in left field. McCutchen fouled out to first. Alvarez struck out swinging. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Gomez pitching for Pirates. Pollock singled to center. Prado reached on infield single to shortstop, Pollock to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Hill reached on infield single to second, Pollock to third, Prado to second. Kubel hit for Putz. Kubel singled to center, Pollock and Prado scored, Hill to third. Morris pitching for Pirates. Sanchez catching. Nieves hit sacrifice fly to left, Hill scored. Parra singled to center, Kubel to second. Gregorius singled to shallow center, Kubel scored, Parra to second. Eaton grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Bell pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones flied out to center. Tabata grounded out to second. Mercer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Morris pitching for Pirates. Pollock walked. Prado singled to left, Pollock to second. Goldschmidt homered to left (361 feet), Pollock and Prado scored. Pennington hit for Hill. Pennington grounded out to second. Campana hit for Bell. Campana grounded out to pitcher. Nieves grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Pennington at second base. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez flied out to center. Marte flied out to left. Walker singled to right center. McCutchen reached on infield single to pitcher, Walker to second. Alvarez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 15 - Pirates 5.	Prado, Goldschmidt belt HRs in D-backs' win