Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Leake pitching for Reds. Eaton grounded out to first. Prado lined out to left. Goldschmidt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Choo homered to left (346 feet). Frazier grounded out to third. Votto struck out looking. Phillips lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Leake pitching for Reds. Hill grounded out to third. Parra lined out to shortstop. Nieves grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Bruce struck out swinging. Heisey grounded out to shortstop. Mesoraco singled to left. Cozart singled to left, Mesoraco to second. Leake hit ground rule double to deep right, Mesoraco scored, Cozart to third. Choo singled to center, Cozart and Leake scored. Frazier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Choo out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Leake pitching for Reds. Pollock struck out swinging. Gregorius grounded out to second. McCarthy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Votto walked. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Votto out at second. Bruce singled to left, Phillips to second. Heisey doubled to deep left, Phillips scored, Bruce to third. Mesoraco singled to center, Bruce and Heisey scored. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Cozart grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mesoraco out at second. Leake struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Leake pitching for Reds. Eaton fouled out to shortstop. Prado singled to left. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Prado out at second. Hill flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Choo doubled to deep left. Frazier popped out to first. Votto singled to center, Choo scored. Phillips fouled out to first. Bruce popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Leake pitching for Reds. Parra grounded out to second. Nieves singled to left. Pollock singled to left center, Nieves to second. Nieves to third, Pollock to second on wild pitch by Leake. Gregorius struck out swinging. Kubel hit for Collmenter. Kubel singled to right, Nieves and Pollock scored. Eaton homered to right (378 feet), Kubel scored. Prado grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Heisey struck out looking. Mesoraco flied out to right. Cozart grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Leake pitching for Reds. Goldschmidt lined out to first. Hill lined out to left. Parra singled to left. Nieves grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Izturis hit for Leake. Izturis popped out to shortstop. Choo grounded out to shortstop. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Parra pitching for Reds. Pollock grounded out to second. Gregorius struck out swinging. Campana hit for De La Rosa. Campana reached on infield single to shortstop. Eaton walked, Campana to second. Hoover pitching for Reds. Prado singled to center, Campana scored, Eaton to third. Goldschmidt walked, Prado to second. Hill flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks. Votto doubled to left. Phillips lined out to right. Bruce flied out to center, Votto to third. Bell pitching for Diamondbacks. Heisey flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Broxton pitching for Reds. Parra homered to left (379 feet). Nieves walked. Chapman pitching for Reds. Pollock grounded out to third, Nieves to second. Gregorius walked. Davidson hit for Bell. Davidson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gregorius out at second, Nieves to third, Nieves scored, Davidson to second on throwing error by second baseman Phillips. Eaton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 8th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Mesoraco struck out swinging. Cozart singled to right. Chapman struck out swinging. Choo singled to right, Cozart to second. Frazier singled to center, Cozart scored, Choo to second. Votto walked, Choo to third, Frazier to second. Phillips reached on infield single to shortstop, Choo scored, Frazier to third, Votto to second. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Bruce flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Chapman pitching for Reds. Prado walked. Goldschmidt singled to right, Prado to second. Hill popped out to second. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to first, Goldschmidt out at second, Prado to third. Parra to second on fielder's indifference. Nieves lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 7 - Reds 10.	Choo homers, helps Reds get past D-backs