Dodgers - Top 1st. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Puig hit ground rule double to deep left. Puig picked off second. Crawford grounded out to first. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Fife pitching for Dodgers. Eaton doubled to right. Pollock lined out to center. Goldschmidt homered to right (396 feet), Eaton scored. Hill singled to left. Montero walked, Hill to second. Davidson hit by pitch, Hill to third, Montero to second. Parra struck out swinging. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davidson out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez flied out to center. Kemp flied out to left. Ellis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Fife pitching for Dodgers. McCarthy struck out looking. Eaton popped out to shortstop. Pollock reached on bunt single to third. Goldschmidt walked, Pollock to second. Hill grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Punto flied out to center. Federowicz flied out to right. Fife struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Fife pitching for Dodgers. Montero hit by pitch. Montero to second on wild pitch by Fife. Davidson singled to center, Montero to third. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to first, Montero scored, Davidson out at second. Owings singled to left center, Parra to second. Parra to third, Owings to second on wild pitch by Fife. McCarthy walked. Marmol pitching for Dodgers. Eaton walked, Parra scored, Owings to third, McCarthy to second. Pollock flied out to right. Goldschmidt struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Puig homered to center (442 feet). Crawford reached on infield single to third. Young reached on infield single to shortstop, Crawford to second. Gonzalez singled to right, Crawford scored, Young to second. Kemp struck out swinging. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second, Young to third. Punto fouled out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Marmol pitching for Dodgers. Hill hit by pitch. Montero grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hill out at second. Davidson walked. Parra struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Federowicz lined out to third. Buss hit for Marmol. Buss popped out to shortstop. Puig grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. League pitching for Dodgers. Owings grounded out to shortstop. McCarthy grounded out to pitcher. Eaton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford flied out to left. Young singled to right. Gonzalez doubled to deep left center, Young thrown out at home. Uribe ran for Gonzalez. Kemp singled to left, Uribe to third. Ellis lined out to center. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Young at first base. Uribe at third base. League pitching for Dodgers. Pollock singled to center. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third, Pollock to second. Hill flied out to center. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Schumaker at second base. Pollock stole third, Goldschmidt stole second. Montero struck out swinging. Davidson intentionally walked. Parra grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Punto singled to right. Federowicz doubled to left, Punto scored. Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks. Schumaker sacrificed to catcher, Federowicz to third. Roe pitching for Diamondbacks. Puig reached on infield single to shortstop. Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks. Van Slyke hit for Crawford. Van Slyke grounded into double play, third to second to first, Puig out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Van Slyke in left field. Wilson pitching for Dodgers. Owings popped out to second. Bloomquist hit for Thatcher. Bloomquist singled to center. Eaton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bloomquist out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Prado at third base. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Young grounded out to third. Uribe lined out to first. Kemp lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Pollock walked. Goldschmidt lined out to center. Hill doubled to deep left, Pollock scored. Montero intentionally walked. Prado doubled to center, Hill scored, Montero to third. Parra intentionally walked. Moylan pitching for Dodgers. Gordon at second base. Schumaker in center field. Owings walked, Montero scored, Prado to third, Parra to second. Chavez hit for Hernandez. Chavez flied out to center. Eaton singled to center, Prado and Parra scored, Owings to third. Pollock popped out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Punto flied out to left. Federowicz homered to right center (408 feet). Schumaker grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 4 - Diamondbacks 9.	D-backs put Dodgers clinch on hold