Diamondbacks - Top 1st. McHugh pitching for Rockies. Eaton fouled out to left. Bloomquist singled to right center. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Prado doubled to deep left, Bloomquist scored. Davidson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon doubled to deep right. LeMahieu reached on infield single to third, Blackmon to third. Dickerson struck out swinging. Helton lined out to shortstop. Culberson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. McHugh pitching for Rockies. Parra doubled to center. Owings grounded out to second, Parra to third. Gosewisch singled to right, Parra scored. Cahill sacrificed to pitcher, Gosewisch to second. Eaton flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Rutledge flied out to left. Pacheco grounded out to shortstop. Herrera lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. McHugh pitching for Rockies. Bloomquist reached on bunt single to pitcher. Goldschmidt flied out to left. Prado singled to left, Bloomquist to second. Davidson homered to center (422 feet), Bloomquist and Prado scored. Parra doubled to left. Owings doubled to center, Parra scored. Gosewisch grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Owings out at third. Cahill grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. McHugh struck out swinging. Blackmon singled to shallow center. LeMahieu grounded out to third, Blackmon to second. Dickerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. McHugh pitching for Rockies. Eaton popped out to second. Bloomquist grounded out to second. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton reached on infield single to first. Culberson grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Helton safe at third on throwing error by catcher Gosewisch. Rutledge flied out to right. Culberson stole second. Pacheco hit sacrifice fly to right, Helton scored, Culberson to third. Herrera lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. McHugh pitching for Rockies. Prado flied out to center. Davidson lined out to center. Parra singled to left. Owings singled to center, Parra to second. Gosewisch grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Owings out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Fowler hit for McHugh. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler grounded out to first. Blackmon grounded out to second. LeMahieu walked. Dickerson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Manship pitching for Rockies. Cahill popped out to pitcher. Eaton struck out looking. Bloomquist fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton struck out swinging. Culberson singled to left. Culberson stole second. Rutledge reached on infield single to third, Culberson to third. Pacheco popped out to second. Herrera singled to left, Culberson scored, Rutledge to second. Wheeler hit for Manship. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Wheeler struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Boggs pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Prado flied out to center. Davidson lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Eaton in left field. Prado at third base. Pollock in center field. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon singled to center. LeMahieu flied out to center. Dickerson fouled out to left. Helton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Scahill pitching for Rockies. Parra struck out looking. Owings reached on infield single to shortstop. Gosewisch struck out swinging. Chavez hit for Collmenter. Chavez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Bell pitching for Diamondbacks. Culberson singled to left. Rutledge struck out swinging. Pacheco grounded out to shortstop, Culberson to second. Herrera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Scahill pitching for Rockies. Eaton singled to left. Eaton stole second. Bloomquist lined out to right, Eaton to third. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to pitcher, Eaton scored. Prado walked, Goldschmidt to second. Pollock struck out swinging. Parra flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Arenado hit for Scahill. Bell pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon flied out to center. LeMahieu grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 7 - Rockies 2.	Davidson homers to lead D-backs past Rockies, 7-2