Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Eaton grounded out to second. Pollock grounded out to second. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon singled to center. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Blackmon out at second. LeMahieu caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Tulowitzki walked. Cuddyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Hill singled to left center. Montero walked, Hill to second. Davidson struck out swinging. Parra doubled to center, Hill scored, Montero to third. Owings doubled to deep left center, Montero and Parra scored. Corbin grounded out to second, Owings to third. Eaton reached on bunt single to third, Owings scored, Eaton thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Culberson popped out to second. Helton struck out swinging. Arenado singled to left. Torrealba grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Pollock walked. Goldschmidt doubled to left, Pollock scored. Hill flied out to center. Montero singled to center, Goldschmidt to third. Davidson doubled to deep left, Goldschmidt scored, Montero to third. Francis pitching for Rockies. Parra singled to right, Montero scored, Davidson to third. Owings struck out looking. Corbin grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Francis flied out to center. Blackmon reached on infield single to pitcher. LeMahieu lined out to right. Tulowitzki singled to right, Blackmon to second. Cuddyer singled to right center, Blackmon scored, Tulowitzki to second, Tulowitzki to third on error by center fielder Pollock. Culberson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Eaton singled to center. Pollock singled to left, Eaton to second. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Pollock out at second, Eaton to third. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton doubled to deep right. Arenado grounded out to shortstop, Helton to third. Torrealba singled to center, Helton scored. Rutledge hit for Francis. Rutledge singled to center, Torrealba to second. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rutledge out at second, Torrealba to third. LeMahieu flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Pomeranz pitching for Rockies. Montero struck out swinging. Davidson lined out to right. Parra grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki walked. Cuddyer singled to right, Tulowitzki to second. Culberson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cuddyer out at second, Tulowitzki to third. Helton doubled to deep right, Tulowitzki and Culberson scored. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado fouled out to right. Torrealba walked. Dickerson hit for Pomeranz. Dickerson popped out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Owings doubled to deep center. Pennington hit for Harris. Pennington grounded out to second, Owings to third. Eaton grounded out to pitcher. Pollock doubled to deep left, Owings scored. Goldschmidt intentionally walked. Hill singled to left center, Pollock thrown out at home, Goldschmidt to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Roe pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon struck out swinging. LeMahieu singled to center. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, third to second to first, LeMahieu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Outman pitching for Rockies. Montero grounded out to first. Davidson walked. Parra struck out swinging. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to second, Davidson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Cuddyer reached on infield single to shortstop. Culberson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Cuddyer out at second. Helton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Campana hit for Putz. Campana grounded out to shortstop. Eaton singled to center. Pollock singled to right center, Eaton to third. Goldschmidt flied out to left, Pollock out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado doubled to deep right center. Torrealba lined out to left, Arenado to third. Wheeler hit for Ottavino. Wheeler singled to center, Arenado scored. Blackmon popped out to shortstop. LeMahieu flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Hill reached on infield single to third. Montero walked, Hill to second. Davidson homered to left (414 feet), Hill and Montero scored. Parra singled to center. Owings flied out to right. Bloomquist hit for Hernandez. Bloomquist tripled to right, Parra scored. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Eaton hit sacrifice fly to center, Bloomquist scored. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki walked. Cuddyer lined out to right. Culberson doubled to right, Tulowitzki to third. Helton singled to left, Tulowitzki and Culberson scored. Arenado grounded into fielder's choice to third, Helton out at second. Torrealba singled to center, Arenado to second. Pacheco hit for Corpas. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Pacheco singled to center, Arenado scored, Torrealba to second. Blackmon singled to center, Torrealba scored, Pacheco to second. LeMahieu grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 13 - Rockies 9.	Davidson hits 3-run homer, D-backs beat Rox 13-9