Twins - Top 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Castillo grounded out to third. Punto struck out swinging. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Twins. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop, Suzuki to second on throwing error by shortstop Bartlett. Beltre flied out to center, Suzuki to third. Vidro grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Suzuki out at home. Ibanez singled to left, Vidro scored, Ibanez out stretching at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Cuddyer lined out to right. Morneau singled to center. Redmond struck out swinging. Rabe singled to left, Morneau to second. Tyner singled to center, Morneau scored, Rabe to second. Bartlett grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tyner out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Twins. Sexson struck out swinging. Guillen grounded out to third. Johjima popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Castillo grounded out to third. Punto singled to left. Mauer walked, Punto to second. Punto to third, Mauer to second on balk by Washburn. Cuddyer fouled out to first. Morneau grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Twins. Betancourt homered to left. Lopez struck out swinging. Suzuki flied out to right. Beltre struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Redmond doubled to right. Rabe grounded out to shortstop, Redmond to third. Tyner flied out to center. Bartlett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Twins. Vidro singled to center. Ibanez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Vidro out at second. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Casilla ran for Castillo. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Castillo doubled to deep right. Punto grounded out to shortstop. Mauer hit by pitch. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Casilla ran for Castillo. Casilla stole third, Mauer stole second. Casilla at second base. Morneau struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Twins. Guillen struck out swinging. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. Betancourt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Redmond popped out to second. Rabe struck out looking. Tyner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Santana pitching for Twins. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki struck out swinging. Beltre walked. Beltre caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Vidro batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Bartlett reached on bunt single to catcher. Casilla reached on bunt single to first, Bartlett to second. Punto sacrificed to pitcher, Bartlett to third, Casilla to second. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Mauer intentionally walked. Cuddyer doubled to deep left, Bartlett and Casilla scored, Mauer to third. Morneau intentionally walked. Redmond singled to right, Mauer and Cuddyer scored, Morneau to third. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Rabe grounded into fielder's choice to second, Morneau scored, Redmond out at second, Rabe to second on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt. Tyner flied out to center. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Santana pitching for Twins. Vidro flied out to right. Ibanez popped out to third. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Sexson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Bartlett flied out to center. Casilla reached on infield single to shortstop. Punto fouled out to left. Mauer singled to right, Casilla to third. Crain pitching for Twins. Cuddyer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Crain pitching for Twins. Guillen grounded out to second. Johjima lined out to pitcher. Putz pitching for Mariners. Betancourt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Morneau singled to left. Redmond grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Morneau out at second. Neshek pitching for Twins. Broussard hit for Lopez. Rabe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Neshek pitching for Twins. Broussard popped out to second. Suzuki singled to left. Beltre popped out to second. Suzuki to second on fielder's indifference. Vidro walked. Nathan pitching for Twins. Ibanez homered to center, Suzuki and Vidro scored. Bloomquist ran for Sexson. Sexson doubled to right center. Guillen struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 6 - Mariners 5.	Twins hold off late Mariners charge for road sweep