Twins - Top 1st. Seo pitching for Devil Rays. Castillo flied out to left. Punto grounded out to first. Mauer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Bonser pitching for Twins. Baldelli grounded out to second. Dukes struck out looking. Crawford singled to right. Wigginton singled to center, Crawford to second. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Seo pitching for Devil Rays. Morneau singled to right. Hunter homered to center, Morneau scored. Kubel grounded out to pitcher. Cirillo singled to right. Tyner hit by pitch, Cirillo to second. Bartlett grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tyner out at second, Cirillo to third. Castillo grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Bonser pitching for Twins. Upton walked. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to second, Upton out at second. Harris singled to right center, Pena to second. Paul grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harris out at second, Pena to third. Baldelli flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Seo pitching for Devil Rays. Punto struck out looking. Mauer flied out to center. Morneau flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Bonser pitching for Twins. Dukes grounded out to pitcher. Crawford reached on infield single to second. Wigginton flied into double play, left to shortstop to first, Crawford doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Seo pitching for Devil Rays. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Kubel singled to right. Cirillo flied into double play, right to first, Kubel doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Bonser pitching for Twins. Young flied out to right. Upton reached on infield single to third. Upton to second on balk by Bonser. Pena walked. Harris grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pena out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Seo pitching for Devil Rays. Tyner grounded out to second. Bartlett reached on infield single to shortstop. Castillo walked, Bartlett to second. Punto struck out looking. Mauer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Bonser pitching for Twins. Paul flied out to left. Baldelli walked. Dukes singled to left, Baldelli to second. Crawford hit by pitch, Baldelli to third, Dukes to second. Wigginton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Baldelli scored, Crawford out at second, Dukes to third. Young grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Seo pitching for Devil Rays. Morneau singled to right, Morneau out stretching at second. Hunter singled to left. Kubel flied out to center. Cirillo popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Bonser pitching for Twins. Upton struck out looking. Pena lined out to right. Harris walked. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Paul popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Tyner grounded out to second. Bartlett singled to left center. Castillo reached on infield single to second, Bartlett to second, Bartlett to third on throwing error by second baseman Upton. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Punto grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bartlett out at home, Castillo to second. Mauer singled to center, Castillo scored, Punto to second. Neshek pitching for Twins. Morneau grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Neshek pitching for Twins. Baldelli lined out to second. Dukes struck out swinging. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Hunter struck out looking. Kubel struck out looking. Cirillo singled to center. Rabe ran for Cirillo. Tyner reached on infield single to shortstop, Cirillo to second. Bartlett grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tyner out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Neshek pitching for Twins. Wigginton singled to shallow right. Young struck out looking. Crain pitching for Twins. Upton popped out to first. Salas pitching for Devil Rays. Pena grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Salas pitching for Devil Rays. Castillo flied out to left. Punto walked. Punto stole second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Harris walked. Paul struck out swinging. Harris to second on wild pitch by Nathan. Baldelli struck out swinging. Dukes singled to left, Harris scored. Crawford singled to left, Dukes to second. Wigginton singled to left, Dukes scored, Crawford to second. Reyes pitching for Devil Rays. Young struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 10th. Reyes pitching for Devil Rays. Hunter singled to right. Kubel struck out looking. Rabe struck out swinging, Hunter stole second. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Tyner lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 10th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Upton flied out to right. Pena reached on infield single to second. Zobrist ran for Pena. Navarro hit for Paul. Harris doubled to left, Zobrist to third. Navarro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zobrist scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 3 - Devil Rays 4.	Devil Rays rally against Nathan, top Twins in 10th