Angels - Top 1st. Silva pitching for Twins. Figgins doubled to deep right. Cabrera singled to right, Figgins to third. Guerrero lined out to third, Figgins scored, Cabrera to second on throwing error by third baseman Punto. Anderson popped out to shortstop. Matthews singled to left, Cabrera scored. Kotchman grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Bartlett tripled to deep center. Mauer struck out swinging. Morneau singled to right center, Bartlett scored. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morneau safe at second on error by shortstop Cabrera. Kubel tripled to deep right center, Morneau and Hunter scored. McDonald struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 2nd. Silva pitching for Twins. Izturis lined out to shortstop. Napoli singled to center. Willits grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Napoli out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Jones grounded out to first. Punto grounded out to first. Castillo lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Silva pitching for Twins. Figgins walked. Cabrera flied out to center. Guerrero singled to right, Figgins to second, Figgins to third, Guerrero to second on throwing error by right fielder McDonald. Anderson doubled to deep right, Figgins and Guerrero scored. Matthews walked. Kotchman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Matthews out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Bartlett singled to center. Mauer grounded out to pitcher, Bartlett to second. Morneau homered to right center, Bartlett scored. Hunter singled to left. Kubel singled to center, Hunter to third. McDonald walked, Kubel to second. Jones struck out looking. Punto singled to right, Hunter and Kubel scored, McDonald out at home. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Silva pitching for Twins. Izturis doubled to deep left. Napoli reached on infield single to shortstop. Willits sacrificed to third, Izturis to third, Napoli to second. Figgins hit sacrifice fly to third, Izturis scored, Napoli to third. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Castillo grounded out to third. Bartlett grounded out to shortstop. Mauer singled to center. Morneau flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Silva pitching for Twins. Guerrero flied out to left. Anderson grounded out to first. Matthews grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Hunter popped out to shortstop. Kubel singled to left. Kubel stole second. McDonald grounded out to second, Kubel to third. Jones popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Silva pitching for Twins. Kotchman flied out to left. Izturis struck out swinging. Napoli singled to right. Willits grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Punto grounded out to second. Castillo grounded out to third. Bartlett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Silva pitching for Twins. Figgins flied out to left. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Guerrero singled to center. Reyes pitching for Twins. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Mauer grounded out to second. Morneau flied out to center. Hunter singled to center. Hunter to second on wild pitch by Oliver, Hunter safe at third on throwing error by catcher Napoli. Kubel walked. Speier pitching for Angels. Tyner hit for McDonald. Tyner struck out looking. Speier pitching for Angels. Tyner hit for McDonald. Tyner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 8th. Tyner in right field. Reyes pitching for Twins. Matthews flied out to right. Kotchman walked. Rincon pitching for Twins. Izturis struck out swinging. Napoli flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Speier pitching for Angels. Jones walked. Punto bunt popped out to pitcher. Jones caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Castillo singled to left. Bartlett fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Willits struck out swinging. Figgins flied out to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Twins 7.	Twins deny Angels' Lackey 13th victory