Twins - Top 1st. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Casilla grounded out to shortstop. Bartlett doubled to deep center. Mauer walked. Hunter grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mauer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Garza pitching for Twins. Suzuki grounded out to second. Vidro walked. Guillen lined out to third. Ibanez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Morneau singled to left. Cuddyer walked, Morneau to second. White fouled out to first. Redmond singled to left center, Morneau scored, Cuddyer to second. Punto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cuddyer out at third, Redmond to second. Casilla singled to center, Redmond scored, Punto to second. Bartlett struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Garza pitching for Twins. Beltre flied out to right. Sexson struck out swinging. Johjima fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Mauer grounded out to third. Hunter singled to center. Hunter stole second. Morneau struck out swinging. Cuddyer doubled to deep left, Hunter scored. White flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Garza pitching for Twins. Lopez flied out to center. Betancourt doubled to left. Suzuki grounded out to third, Betancourt to third. Vidro singled to right, Betancourt scored. Guillen flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Redmond grounded out to shortstop. Punto grounded out to second. Casilla bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Garza pitching for Twins. Ibanez singled to left. Beltre flied out to right. Sexson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Bartlett homered to left. Mauer grounded out to second. Hunter singled to left. Morneau flied out to center. Cuddyer walked, Hunter to second. White doubled to right, Hunter and Cuddyer scored. Redmond popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Garza pitching for Twins. Johjima flied out to center. Lopez tripled to deep left. Betancourt flied out to right. Suzuki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Punto flied out to center. Casilla grounded out to shortstop. Bartlett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Garza pitching for Twins. Vidro walked. Guillen singled to shallow left, Vidro to second. Ibanez struck out swinging. Beltre grounded into double play, third to second to first, Guillen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Mauer singled to right. Hunter doubled to deep left, Mauer to third. Morneau singled to center, Mauer and Hunter scored. Cuddyer flied out to right. White grounded out to catcher, Morneau to second. Redmond grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Tyner in left field. Garza pitching for Twins. Sexson lined out to left. Johjima singled to center. Lopez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johjima out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Parrish pitching for Mariners. Punto grounded out to third. Casilla reached on infield single to third. Bartlett struck out looking. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Garza pitching for Twins. Betancourt singled to center. Suzuki doubled to right, Betancourt to third. Vidro singled to left, Betancourt scored, Suzuki to third. Neshek pitching for Twins. Guillen struck out swinging. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Suzuki scored, Vidro out at second. Beltre flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Parrish pitching for Mariners. Hunter walked. Morneau fouled out to third. Cuddyer reached on infield single to third, Hunter to third, Hunter scored, Cuddyer to second on throwing error by third baseman Beltre. Tyner reached on infield single to second, Cuddyer to third. Redmond singled to center, Cuddyer scored, Tyner to second. Punto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Redmond out at second, Tyner to third. Casilla singled to left, Tyner scored, Punto to second. Bartlett reached on infield single to shortstop, Punto to third, Casilla to second. Mauer grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Sexson struck out swinging. Johjima fouled out to catcher. Broussard hit for Lopez. Broussard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 11 - Mariners 3.	Bartlett helps Twins rip M's, snap five-game skid