Twins - Top 1st. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Tyner singled to right. Bartlett singled to right, Tyner to second. Hunter singled to center, Tyner scored, Bartlett to third. Morneau grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bartlett scored, Hunter out at second. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Morneau caught stealing second, catcher to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Silva pitching for Twins. Owens doubled to deep center. Fields grounded out to shortstop, Owens to third. Thome singled to right, Owens scored. Konerko grounded out to pitcher, Thome to second. Pierzynski lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Jones grounded out to first. Buscher struck out swinging. Heintz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Silva pitching for Twins. Erstad singled to center. Uribe homered to left, Erstad scored. Richar flied out to center. Gonzalez flied out to right. Owens grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Punto doubled to deep center. Tyner fouled out to catcher. Bartlett grounded out to shortstop, Punto to third. Hunter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Silva pitching for Twins. Fields grounded out to third. Thome singled to right center. Konerko struck out swinging. Pierzynski singled to center, Thome to second. Erstad grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Morneau singled to right center. Cuddyer walked, Morneau to second. Jones singled to center, Morneau scored, Cuddyer to second, Cuddyer to third advancing on throw. Buscher struck out swinging. Heintz singled to left, Cuddyer scored, Jones to second. Punto struck out looking. Tyner grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Silva pitching for Twins. Uribe flied out to left. Richar lined out to left. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Bartlett struck out swinging. Hunter struck out swinging. Morneau singled to deep right. Cuddyer singled to left, Morneau to second. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Silva pitching for Twins. Owens bunt grounded out to pitcher. Fields singled to left. Thome grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fields out at second. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Buscher flied out to center. Heintz safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Gonzalez. Punto struck out swinging. Tyner singled to right, Heintz to third. Bartlett flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Silva pitching for Twins. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Erstad grounded out to second. Uribe singled to center. Richar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Uribe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Hunter reached on infield single to second. Myers pitching for White Sox. Morneau grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Hunter out at second. Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Cintron hit for Gonzalez. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Cintron homered to right. Owens singled to left. Fields fouled out to first. Owens stole second. Thome grounded out to first, Owens to third. Konerko popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Cintron at third base. White hit for Jones. White popped out to pitcher. Buscher singled to right. Heintz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Buscher out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Erstad flied out to right. Uribe popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Punto singled to right. Tyner sacrificed to pitcher, Punto to second. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Bartlett singled to right, Punto to third. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Punto scored, Bartlett safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Cintron. Logan pitching for White Sox. Morneau singled to center, Bartlett scored, Hunter to third. Cuddyer singled to left, Hunter scored, Morneau to second. White homered to left center, Morneau and Cuddyer scored. Broadway pitching for White Sox. Buscher grounded out to pitcher. Heintz struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 9th. DePaula pitching for Twins. Richar singled to right center. Cintron singled to center, Richar to second. Terrero hit for Owens. Terrero reached on infield single to shortstop, Richar to third, Cintron to second. Fields doubled to center, Richar and Cintron scored, Terrero to third. Thome homered to center, Terrero and Fields scored. Nathan pitching for Twins. Konerko walked. Podsednik ran for Konerko. Podsednik stole second. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Podsednik to third on wild pitch by Nathan. Erstad hit ground rule double to deep center, Podsednik scored. Uribe popped out to second. Richar struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 10th. Terrero in right field. Podsednik in center field. Erstad at first base. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Punto grounded out to shortstop. Tyner grounded out to pitcher. Bartlett singled to center. Hunter walked, Bartlett to second. Morneau grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 10th. Neshek pitching for Twins. Cintron struck out swinging. Terrero singled to right. Terrero caught stealing second, catcher to second. Fields struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 11th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Cuddyer struck out looking. White struck out swinging. Buscher grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 11th. Cali pitching for Twins. Thome grounded out to pitcher. Podsednik reached on bunt single to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Podsednik out at second. Erstad lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 12th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Heintz singled to left. Punto flied out to center. Tyner grounded out to shortstop, Heintz to second. Bartlett flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 12th. Rincon pitching for Twins. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. Richar popped out to shortstop. Cintron grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 13th. Phillips pitching for White Sox. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Morneau grounded out to third. Cuddyer singled to left. Cuddyer picked off first. White batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 13th. Rincon pitching for Twins. Terrero walked. Fields sacrificed to pitcher, Terrero to second. Thome intentionally walked. Podsednik grounded into fielder's choice to second, Terrero to third, Thome safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Punto. Pierzynski singled to left, Terrero scored, Thome to third, Podsednik to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Twins 10 - White Sox 11.	White Sox end history-making game in 13th inning