Twins - Top 1st. Jurrjens pitching for Tigers. Casilla grounded out to second. Kubel walked. Mauer singled to center, Kubel to second. Kubel to third, Mauer to second on wild pitch by Jurrjens. Hunter walked. Morneau singled to left, Kubel scored, Mauer to third, Hunter to second. Cuddyer flied out to center. White doubled to deep right center, Mauer, Hunter and Morneau scored. Rodriguez walked. Punto grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Twins. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Raburn grounded out to shortstop. Sheffield struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Jurrjens pitching for Tigers. Casilla grounded out to third. Kubel lined out to center. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Twins. Ordonez walked. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ordonez safe at second on error by second baseman Casilla. Thames walked, Ordonez to third, Guillen to second. Hessman struck out looking. Inge walked, Ordonez scored, Guillen to third, Thames to second. Rabelo doubled to right, Guillen and Thames scored, Inge to third. Polanco lined out to second. Raburn struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 3rd. Jurrjens pitching for Tigers. Hunter grounded out to second. Morneau singled to right. Cuddyer singled to right, Morneau to third, Cuddyer out stretching at second. White lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Twins. Sheffield popped out to shortstop. Ordonez flied out to center. Guillen singled to center. Thames struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Byrdak pitching for Tigers. Rodriguez walked. Punto popped out to first. Casilla walked, Rodriguez to second. Kubel grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Casilla out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Heintz catching. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Hessman homered to left. Inge fouled out to third. Rabelo singled to right center. Polanco singled to left, Rabelo to second. Raburn tripled to deep right center, Rabelo and Polanco scored. Sheffield singled to center, Raburn scored. Ordonez singled to left, Sheffield to second. Clevlen ran for Ordonez. Guillen safe at first on error by second baseman Casilla, Sheffield scored, Clevlen to third. Thames struck out swinging. Hessman singled to right, Clevlen scored, Guillen to third. Inge flied out to right. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 5th. Clevlen in right field. Byrdak pitching for Tigers. Heintz singled to left. Hunter lined out to right. Morneau lined into double play, second to first, Heintz doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Tyner in center field. Jones at first base. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Rabelo lined out to first. Polanco grounded out to second. Raburn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Cuddyer flied out to right. White batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 4 - Tigers 9.	Tigers win but eliminated