Blue Jays - Top 1st . Duffy pitching for Royals . Escobar flied out to right . Vizquel walked . Bautista walked , Vizquel to second . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bautista out at second , Vizquel to third . Encarnacion stole second . Rasmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Bourgeois grounded out to third . Gordon singled to center . Butler grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Lawrie struck out swinging . Francisco safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas . Davis grounded out to first , Francisco to third . Arencibia flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Hosmer singled to left center . Betancourt grounded out to third , Hosmer to second . Francoeur flied out to left . Moustakas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Escobar grounded out to second . Vizquel struck out swinging . Bautista walked . Encarnacion flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Quintero struck out swinging . Escobar flied out to center . Bourgeois walked . Bourgeois stole second . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Rasmus struck out swinging . Lawrie flied out to center . Francisco singled to center . Francisco caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Davis batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Butler grounded out to third . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher . Betancourt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Davis doubled to deep center . Arencibia walked . Davis stole third . Escobar singled to right , Davis scored , Arencibia to second . Vizquel flied out to left . Bautista singled to center , Arencibia scored , Bautista to second , Escobar to second , Escobar to third advancing on throw . Encarnacion intentionally walked . Rasmus struck out swinging . Lawrie singled to right , Escobar and Bautista scored , Encarnacion to second , Encarnacion to third advancing on throw . Coleman pitching for Royals . Lind hit for Francisco . Lind grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Francoeur singled to left . Moustakas singled to center , Francoeur to second . Quintero walked , Francoeur to third , Moustakas to second . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Francoeur scored , Quintero out at second , Moustakas to third , Moustakas scored on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Escobar stole second . Bourgeois grounded out to second , Escobar to third . Gordon grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Coleman pitching for Royals . Davis fouled out to first . Arencibia struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Butler grounded out to third . Hosmer flied out to left . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Coleman pitching for Royals . Vizquel flied out to right . Bautista walked . Encarnacion flied out to right . Mijares pitching for Royals . Rasmus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Francoeur grounded out to third . Moustakas doubled to left . Quintero grounded out to third . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Mijares pitching for Royals . Lawrie walked . Lind flied out to left . Jeffress pitching for Royals . Thames hit for Davis . Thames flied out to left . Arencibia singled to right , Lawrie to third . Lawrie stole home . Arencibia stole second . Escobar singled to right , Arencibia to third . Vizquel grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Thames in left field . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Bourgeois safe at first on error by third baseman Lawrie . Gordon flied out to center . Bourgeois caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Jeffress pitching for Royals . Bautista grounded out to third . Encarnacion doubled to deep center . Rasmus walked . Crow pitching for Royals . Lawrie grounded out to second , Encarnacion to third , Rasmus to second . Lind grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Cordero pitching for Blue Jays . Hosmer grounded out to third . Betancourt walked . Francoeur doubled to right center , Betancourt to third . Moustakas reached on infield single to shortstop , Betancourt scored , Francoeur to third . Pena hit for Quintero . Pena grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Moustakas out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 5 - Royals 3 .	Romero lifts Jays as Royals lose 10 straight