Rangers - Top 1st . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Kinsler struck out swinging . Andrus struck out looking . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Escobar singled to right . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Escobar out at second . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Cruz struck out swinging . Murphy singled to left . Napoli walked , Murphy to second . Moreland singled to left , Murphy to third , Napoli to second . Gonzalez singled to right , Murphy scored , Napoli to third , Moreland to second . Gentry grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Napoli scored , Gonzalez out at second , Moreland to third . Gentry stole second . Kinsler doubled to right , Moreland and Gentry scored . Andrus singled to center , Kinsler scored . Young lined out to right . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Lind flied out to right . Encarnacion singled to left . Thames grounded into double play , third to second to first , Encarnacion out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Cruz grounded out to third . Murphy lined out to shortstop . Napoli walked . Moreland lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Lawrie flied out to center . Rasmus walked . Mathis walked , Rasmus to second . Escobar grounded out to pitcher , Rasmus to third , Mathis to second . Johnson homered to left center ( 394 feet ) , Rasmus and Mathis scored . Bautista homered to left ( 424 feet ) . Lind struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez singled to right . Gentry grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gonzalez safe at third on error by shortstop Escobar . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gonzalez scored , Gentry out at second , Kinsler to second on throwing error by second baseman Johnson . Andrus flied out to right . Young flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Encarnacion walked . Thames struck out swinging . Lawrie flied out to right . Encarnacion out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Rasmus batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Cruz flied out to center . Murphy singled to right . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murphy out at second . Moreland struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Rasmus struck out swinging . Mathis walked . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mathis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Gentry grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Johnson walked . Bautista walked , Johnson to second . Ross pitching for Rangers . Lind grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bautista out at second , Johnson to third . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Andrus singled to center . Young grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Andrus out at second . Cruz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Rangers . Thames safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus . Lawrie singled to left , Thames to second . Rasmus sacrificed to catcher , Thames to third , Lawrie to second , Rasmus safe at first on error by catcher Napoli . Thames to third on error by catcher Napoli . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Mathis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Thames scored , Rasmus out at second , Lawrie to third . Escobar grounded out to shortstop , Lawrie scored , Mathis to second . Johnson singled to center , Mathis scored . Johnson to second on wild pitch by Ogando . Bautista flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Murphy grounded out to second . Napoli grounded out to second . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Moreland flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Lind struck out swinging . Encarnacion flied out to center . Thames grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Davis in left field . Cordero pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Beltre hit for Gentry . Beltre struck out swinging . Kinsler singled to center . Andrus singled to center , Kinsler to third . Young singled to center , Kinsler scored , Andrus to second . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Andrus out at third , Young to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Murphy in center field . Torrealba catching . Snyder in left field . Adams pitching for Rangers . Lawrie homered to left center ( 397 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 7 - Blue Jays 8 .	Jays down Rangers on Lawrie 's walk - off homer