Rays - Top 1st . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Zobrist flied out to left . Upton fouled out to first . Joyce reached on bunt single to pitcher , Joyce to second on throwing error by pitcher Alvarez . Pena grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Price pitching for Rays . Johnson singled to right center . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Johnson out at second . Bautista flied out to center . Encarnacion struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Scott grounded out to third . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Rhymes grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Price pitching for Rays . Francisco grounded out to shortstop . Lawrie singled to shallow right . Lawrie stole second . Lawrie safe at third on throwing error by catcher Molina . Rasmus grounded out to second . Mathis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rays - Top 3rd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Molina grounded out to second . Johnson grounded out to second . Zobrist doubled to deep right . Upton singled to left , Zobrist thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Price pitching for Rays . Davis reached on infield single to shortstop , Davis to second on throwing error by shortstop Johnson . Johnson struck out looking . Escobar grounded out to third . Davis stole third . Bautista singled to center , Davis scored . Encarnacion homered to left center ( 423 feet ) , Bautista scored . Francisco struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 4th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Joyce grounded out to first . Pena struck out swinging . Scott safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Lawrie . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Price pitching for Rays . Lawrie hit by pitch . Rasmus grounded out to pitcher , Lawrie to second . Mathis fouled out to first . Davis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Rhymes singled to right . Molina grounded out to second , Rhymes to second . Johnson grounded out to first , Rhymes to third . Zobrist doubled to center , Rhymes scored . Upton grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Price pitching for Rays . Johnson grounded out to first . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Joyce singled to center . Pena grounded into double play , third to second to first , Joyce out at second . Scott lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Price pitching for Rays . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Francisco grounded out to shortstop . Lawrie grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez homered to center ( 414 feet ) . Rhymes singled to left . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rhymes safe at second on error by shortstop Escobar . Johnson singled to left , Rhymes to third , Molina to second , Rhymes scored on error by left fielder Davis . Molina to third , Johnson to second on wild pitch by Alvarez . Zobrist reached on infield single to second . Upton grounded into double play , second to first , Molina scored , Zobrist out at second , Johnson to third . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Joyce struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Price pitching for Rays . Rasmus grounded out to second . Mathis struck out looking . Davis doubled to right . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Pena singled to left . Scott grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pena out at second . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Scott out at second . Rhymes popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Peralta pitching for Rays . Escobar flied out to right . Bautista fouled out to first . Encarnacion flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Molina struck out looking . Johnson singled to right . Zobrist flied out to left . Johnson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Upton batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Rodney pitching for Rays . Thames hit for Francisco . Thames struck out swinging . Lawrie struck out looking . Rasmus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 4 - Blue Jays 3 .	Rays ' Price overpowers Blue Jays ' hitters again\n