Red Sox - Top 1st . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Nava flied out to left . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Johnson struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . Bautista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia walked . Youkilis struck out swinging . Sweeney singled to right center , Saltalamacchia to third . Middlebrooks singled to deep right center , Saltalamacchia scored , Sweeney to third . Punto doubled to deep right , Sweeney scored , Middlebrooks to third . Nava safe at first on error by center fielder Rasmus , Middlebrooks and Punto scored . Aviles struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Encarnacion walked . Rasmus struck out swinging . Lawrie flied out to right . Davis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Ortiz grounded out to second . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Cooper struck out swinging . Mathis homered to right center ( 399 feet ) . Johnson singled to right . Escobar singled to center , Johnson to second . Bautista flied out to center . Encarnacion reached on infield single to shortstop , Johnson to third , Escobar to second . Rasmus popped out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 4th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Youkilis doubled to deep right center , Youkilis to third on throwing error by right fielder Bautista . Sweeney walked . Middlebrooks grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Youkilis scored , Sweeney out at second . Punto grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . Davis struck out swinging . Cooper safe at first on error by pitcher Doubront . Mathis reached on bunt single to third , Cooper to second . Johnson singled to left center , Cooper scored , Mathis to second . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 5th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Nava flied out to center . Aviles lined out to center . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Bautista homered to center ( 436 feet ) . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Rasmus flied out to center . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz flied out to center . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . Youkilis lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Davis flied out to left . Cooper flied out to left . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Sweeney walked . Middlebrooks grounded into double play , second to first , Sweeney out at second . Punto singled to right . Nava walked . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Aviles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez at first base . Youkilis at third base . Sweeney in right field . Byrd in center field . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Johnson struck out swinging . Albers pitching for Red Sox . Escobar grounded out to first . Bautista flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez flied out to center . Ortiz singled to right . Saltalamacchia walked , Ortiz to second . Cordero pitching for Blue Jays . Youkilis walked , Ortiz to third , Saltalamacchia to second . Sweeney grounded out to first , Ortiz scored , Saltalamacchia to third , Youkilis to second . Byrd lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Albers pitching for Red Sox . Encarnacion singled to left . Miller pitching for Red Sox . Rasmus flied out to center . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Lawrie singled to right , Encarnacion to third , Encarnacion scored , Lawrie to second on throwing error by right fielder Sweeney . Davis flied out to center . Lawrie caught stealing third , catcher to third . Cooper batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 9th . Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Punto homered to right ( 444 feet ) . Nava hit by pitch . Aviles flied out to center . Gonzalez struck out swinging , Nava stole second . Ortiz intentionally walked . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Cooper grounded out to second . Mathis struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 7 - Blue Jays 4 .	Punto , surging Red Sox fend off Jays