Blue Jays - Top 1st . Humber pitching for White Sox . Lawrie struck out swinging . Rasmus singled to center . Rasmus to second on passed ball by Pierzynski . Bautista walked . Johnson flied out to left . Escobar walked , Rasmus to third , Bautista to second . Cooper walked , Rasmus scored , Bautista to third , Escobar to second . Arencibia flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . De Aza singled to left center , De Aza to second on error by left fielder Davis . Beckham sacrificed to pitcher , De Aza to third . Dunn struck out swinging . Viciedo safe at second on error by center fielder Rasmus , De Aza scored . Rios grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Humber pitching for White Sox . Vizquel lined out to shortstop . Davis flied out to left . Lawrie grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Pierzynski singled to center . Ramirez grounded out to third , Pierzynski to second . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pierzynski out at third . Lillibridge grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hudson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Humber pitching for White Sox . Rasmus singled to right . Bautista flied out to center . Johnson walked , Rasmus to second . Escobar flied out to left . Cooper lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . De Aza popped out to shortstop . Beckham flied out to right . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Humber pitching for White Sox . Arencibia singled to left . Vizquel grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Arencibia out at second . Davis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Viciedo lined out to right . Rios grounded out to shortstop . Pierzynski grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Humber pitching for White Sox . Lawrie doubled to right . Rasmus homered to right ( 382 feet ) , Lawrie scored . Bautista popped out to shortstop . Johnson struck out swinging . Escobar singled to left . Cooper homered to left ( 361 feet ) , Escobar scored . Arencibia struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez struck out swinging . Hudson grounded out to pitcher . Lillibridge grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Stewart pitching for White Sox . Vizquel grounded out to pitcher . Davis grounded out to third . Lawrie singled to center . Rasmus singled to left , Lawrie to third . Bautista singled to center , Lawrie scored , Rasmus to second . Johnson singled to center , Rasmus scored , Bautista to third . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . De Aza singled to right . Beckham lined out to left . Dunn popped out to second . Viciedo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , De Aza out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Stewart pitching for White Sox . Cooper grounded out to second . Arencibia flied out to center . Vizquel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Rios singled to right . Pierzynski homered to right ( 392 feet ) , Rios scored . Ramirez struck out swinging . Hudson walked . Lillibridge safe at first on error by third baseman Lawrie , Hudson to third . De Aza grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hudson scored , Lillibridge out at second . Beckham popped out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Stewart pitching for White Sox . Davis flied out to right . Lawrie singled to left . Rasmus doubled to deep center , Lawrie scored . Rasmus to third on passed ball by Pierzynski . Bautista hit sacrifice fly to right , Rasmus scored . Ohman pitching for White Sox . Johnson lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Dunn homered to right ( 377 feet ) . Cordero pitching for Blue Jays . Viciedo grounded out to pitcher . Rios singled to right . Pierzynski walked , Rios to second . Ramirez flied out to center . Rios out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Hudson batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Ohman pitching for White Sox . Escobar flied out to left . Cooper grounded out to second . Arencibia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Lillibridge struck out swinging . De Aza grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 9 - White Sox 5 .	Rasmus ' 5 - hit night powers Jays past White Sox