Angels - Top 1st . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Trout grounded out to shortstop . Izturis singled to left . Pujols lined out to left . Morales singled to left , Izturis to second . Trumbo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Richards pitching for Angels . Lawrie doubled to right . Rasmus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lawrie to third . Bautista grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lawrie scored , Rasmus out at second . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Callaspo grounded out to second . Bourjos struck out looking . Romine struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Richards pitching for Angels . Johnson doubled to left . Escobar homered to left ( 418 feet ) , Johnson scored . Davis fouled out to third . Lind lined out to center . Arencibia singled to right . Arencibia to second on passed ball by Wilson . Lawrie safe at first on error by center fielder Bourjos , Arencibia scored . Rasmus doubled to deep right center , Lawrie scored . Bautista singled to left , Rasmus scored . Encarnacion singled to left center , Bautista to third , Bautista scored , Encarnacion to third on throwing error by left fielder Trout . Johnson tripled to left , Encarnacion scored . Escobar struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 2 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Wilson singled to left center . Trout struck out swinging . Izturis doubled to deep center , Wilson scored . Pujols flied out to center . Morales grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Richards pitching for Angels . Davis fouled out to catcher . Lind flied out to center . Arencibia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Trumbo popped out to shortstop . Callaspo grounded out to first . Bourjos grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Richards pitching for Angels . Lawrie singled to center . Rasmus grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lawrie out at second . Bautista walked , Rasmus to second . Encarnacion struck out looking . Johnson walked , Rasmus to third , Bautista to second . Escobar lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Romine singled to center . Wilson flied out to left . Trout grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Romine out at second . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Richards pitching for Angels . Davis popped out to third . Lind walked . Arencibia walked , Lind to second . Carpenter pitching for Angels . Lawrie homered to left ( 388 feet ) , Lind and Arencibia scored . Rasmus fouled out to catcher . Francisco hit for Bautista . Francisco struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Francisco in left field . Davis in right field . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Pujols grounded out to second . Morales grounded out to first . Trumbo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Carpenter pitching for Angels . Encarnacion flied out to left . Johnson walked . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson out at second . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Vizquel at third base . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Callaspo grounded out to shortstop . Bourjos reached on infield single to third . Romine singled to right , Bourjos to second . Wilson grounded into double play , third to first , Bourjos out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Carpenter pitching for Angels . Lind grounded out to second . Arencibia struck out swinging . Vizquel fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Trout fouled out to catcher . Izturis flied out to right . Pujols lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Carpenter pitching for Angels . Rasmus flied out to center . Francisco grounded out to third . Encarnacion walked . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Pauley pitching for Blue Jays . Morales singled to right center . Hester ran for Morales . Trumbo singled to left , Hester to second . Callaspo lined out to right , Hester to third . Bourjos popped out to shortstop . Romine singled to center , Hester scored , Trumbo to third . Wilson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 2 - Blue Jays 11 .	Jays blast Angels with 7 - run second