Angels - Top 1st . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Trout doubled to shallow right . Hunter grounded out to third . Pujols flied out to right , Trout scored on error by right fielder Davis . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Wilson pitching for Angels . Lawrie grounded out to pitcher . Rasmus walked . Bautista lined into double play , shortstop to first , Rasmus doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Morales grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick grounded out to first . Callaspo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Encarnacion singled to center , Encarnacion out stretching at second . Escobar singled to right . Francisco struck out swinging . Davis popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar doubled to left . Hester grounded out to pitcher . Trout flied out to right , Aybar to third . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Arencibia flied out to center . Vizquel lined out to left . Lawrie grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Pujols struck out swinging . Trumbo flied out to center . Morales grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Rasmus hit by pitch . Bautista grounded out to pitcher , Rasmus to second . Encarnacion walked . Rasmus caught stealing third , catcher to third , Encarnacion to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Kendrick singled to shallow center . Callaspo homered to left ( 386 feet ) . Kendrick scored . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . Hester flied out to center . Trout struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Francisco grounded out to shortstop . Davis struck out swinging . Arencibia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Hunter flied out to right . Pujols struck out swinging . Trumbo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Vizquel walked . Lawrie singled to shallow left , Vizquel to second . Rasmus walked , Vizquel to third , Lawrie to second . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vizquel and Lawrie scored on error by second baseman Kendrick , Rasmus safe at third on error by second baseman Kendrick . Encarnacion walked . Hawkins pitching for Angels . Escobar flied out to right , Rasmus thrown out at home . Lind hit for Francisco . Lind grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 7th . Encarnacion in left field . Lind at first base . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Morales struck out swinging . Kendrick singled to left . Callaspo flied out to center . Aybar walked , Kendrick to second . Hester struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Isringhausen pitching for Angels . Davis popped out to first . Arencibia homered to left ( 425 feet ) . Vizquel popped out to shortstop . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Cordero pitching for Blue Jays . Trout homered to center ( 444 feet ) . Hunter fouled out to catcher . Pujols singled to shallow left . Trumbo homered to left ( 436 feet ) . Pujols scored . Morales doubled to left . Chavez pitching for Blue Jays . Kendrick fouled out to first . Callaspo struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Trout in left field . Bourjos in center field . Frieri pitching for Angels . Rasmus struck out swinging . Bautista reached on infield single to third , Bautista to second on throwing error by third baseman Callaspo . Encarnacion hit by pitch . Escobar flied out to right , Bautista to third , Encarnacion to second on throwing error by right fielder Hunter . Lind struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Chavez pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar reached on infield single to third . Hester grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Aybar safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Chavez . Trout walked , Hester to second . Hunter hit sacrifice fly to center , Aybar scored , Hester to third . Pujols singled to shallow left , Hester scored , Trout to second . Richmond pitching for Blue Jays . Bourjos singled to shallow left , Trout scored , Pujols to second . Pujols to third on wild pitch by Richmond . Morales grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pujols scored , Bourjos out at second . Kendrick singled to shallow center , Morales to second . Callaspo safe at first on error by pitcher Richmond , Morales to third , Kendrick to second . Aybar popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Walden pitching for Angels . Davis walked . Arencibia struck out swinging . Vizquel walked , Davis to second . Lawrie popped out to second . Rasmus homered to right ( 412 feet ) . Davis and Vizquel scored . Bautista struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 10 - Blue Jays 6 .	Trout homers as Angels salvage split with Jays