Red Sox - Top 1st . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Ciriaco grounded out to shortstop . Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher . Aviles flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus grounded out to first . Lawrie reached on infield single to third , Lawrie out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Ross grounded out to third . Gomez walked . Lavarnway grounded out to pitcher , Gomez to second . Nava grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Lind doubled to left . Escobar grounded out to shortstop , Lind to third . Johnson grounded out to first . Arencibia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Loney struck out looking . Iglesias popped out to first . Ciriaco singled to center . Ellsbury singled to shallow left , Ciriaco to second . Ciriaco stole third , Ellsbury stole second . Aviles flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Sierra hit by pitch . Gose walked , Sierra to second . Davis struck out looking . Rasmus walked , Sierra to third , Gose to second . Sierra scored , Gose to third , Rasmus to second on wild pitch by Matsuzaka . Rasmus to third on wild pitch by Matsuzaka . Lawrie walked . Lind grounded out to second , Rasmus scored , Lawrie to second . Escobar struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Laffey pitching for Blue Jays . Ross walked . Gomez singled to left , Ross to second . Lavarnway homered to left ( 374 feet ) , Ross and Gomez scored . Nava grounded out to third . Loney flied out to right . Iglesias walked . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . Ciriaco grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Johnson flied out to right . Arencibia struck out swinging . Sierra lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop . Aviles singled to shallow left . Ross grounded out to catcher , Aviles to second . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Aviles to third . Lavarnway walked , Gomez to second . Nava singled to shallow right , Aviles and Gomez scored , Lavarnway to third . Loney lined out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Gose grounded out to second . Davis struck out swinging . Rasmus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Iglesias hit by pitch . Ciriaco sacrificed to pitcher , Iglesias to second . Ellsbury flied out to left . Aviles flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . Lind tripled to deep center . Mortensen pitching for Red Sox . Escobar singled to shallow left , Lind scored . Johnson struck out swinging , Escobar stole second . Arencibia fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Ross struck out swinging . Gomez struck out looking . Lavarnway grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Sierra grounded out to first . Gose struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Nava singled to shallow right . Loney grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Nava out at second . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Loney out at second . Iglesias stole second , Iglesias safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Lind . Ciriaco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Rasmus singled to center . Lawrie doubled to left , Rasmus scored . Lind lined out to left . Carpenter pitching for Red Sox . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lawrie out at third . Escobar to second on wild pitch by Carpenter . Johnson intentionally walked . Arencibia flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury singled to shallow left center . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Aviles flied out to right . Ross singled to left , Ellsbury to second . Gomez tripled to deep right center , Ellsbury and Ross scored . Lavarnway hit sacrifice fly to left , Gomez scored . Nava grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Bailey pitching for Red Sox . Sierra popped out to second . Gose struck out swinging . Davis singled to shallow center . Davis to second on fielder 's indifference . Rasmus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 8 - Blue Jays 5 .	Gomez breaks tie , lifts Red Sox over Jays in 9th