Cardinals - Top 1st . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Carpenter flied out to left . Goldschmidt homered to center ( 443 feet ) . DeJong homered to left center ( 462 feet ) . Ozuna hit by pitch . Molina flied out to center . O'Neill popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Cain grounded out to first . Yelich lined out to second . Shaw grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Fowler singled to right center . Wong popped out to second . Hudson sacrificed to third , Fowler to second . Carpenter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Moustakas homered to right ( 417 feet ) . Thames singled to right . Piña struck out swinging . Thames to second on wild pitch by Hudson . Gamel singled to right center , Thames scored . Arcia grounded out to shortstop , Gamel to second . Peralta singled to center , Gamel scored on throwing error by center fielder O'Neill , Peralta safe at second on throwing error by center fielder O'Neill . Cain singled to right center , Peralta to third . Yelich homered to left center ( 405 feet ) , Peralta scored and Cain scored . Shaw struck out looking . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Goldschmidt walked . DeJong walked , Goldschmidt to second . Ozuna struck out swinging . Molina doubled to left , Goldschmidt scored , DeJong to third . Robinson hit for O'Neill . Robinson struck out swinging . Fowler grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Robinson in center field . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Moustakas walked . Thames singled to left , Moustakas to second . Piña grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Thames out at second , Moustakas to third . Gamel walked , Piña to second . Arcia grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gamel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Wong walked . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Wong to second . Carpenter struck out looking . Albers pitching for Brewers . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . DeJong popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Woodruff hit for Albers . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Woodruff doubled to left . Cain grounded out to second , Woodruff to third . Yelich intentionally walked . Shaw struck out swinging . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Moustakas popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Wilson pitching for Brewers . Ozuna lined out to right . Molina grounded out to third . Robinson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Thames flied out to center . Piña struck out swinging . Gamel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Claudio pitching for Brewers . Fowler reached on infield single to third . Wong grounded out to second , Fowler to second . Gyorko hit for Webb . Gyorko walked . Carpenter walked , Gyorko to second , Fowler to third . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Grandal catching . Fowler scored , Carpenter to second on passed ball by Grandal , Gyorko to third on passed ball by Grandal . Fowler scored , Carpenter to second on passed ball by Grandal , Gyorko to third on passed ball by Grandal . Goldschmidt singled to right , Gyorko scored , Carpenter to third . DeJong flied out to center . Ozuna singled to center , Carpenter scored , Goldschmidt to third . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Mayers pitching for Cardinals . Arcia flied out to left . Grandal singled to right . Cain walked , Grandal to second . Yelich homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Grandal scored and Cain scored . Shaw struck out swinging . Moustakas walked . Leone pitching for Cardinals . Thames struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Robinson popped out to third . Fowler flied out to right . Wong lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Braun hit for Guerra . Leone pitching for Cardinals . Braun struck out swinging . Gamel walked . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Fowler in center field . Martínez in right field . Arcia popped out to shortstop . Grandal singled to right , Gamel to third . Cain struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Barnes pitching for Brewers . Martínez struck out looking . Carpenter struck out swinging . Goldschmidt walked . DeJong grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Yelich homered to center ( 388 feet ) . Shaw flied out to left . Moustakas doubled to deep left . Thames walked . Aguilar hit for Barnes . Aguilar grounded out to pitcher , Thames to second , Moustakas to third . Gamel struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Hader pitching for Brewers . Ozuna homered to left ( 419 feet ) . Molina struck out swinging . Wieters hit for Brebbia . Wieters struck out looking . Fowler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Brewers 10 .	Yelich lifts Brewers with 3 HRs , career - high 7 RBIs