Brewers - Top 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Cain struck out swinging . Yelich fouled out to third . Braun walked . Grandal fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Panik singled to center . Yastrzemski singled to shallow left center , Panik to second . Belt popped out to shortstop . Sandoval struck out swinging . Vogt lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Moustakas flied out to left . Pérez lined out to left . Arcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . Crawford struck out swinging . Duggar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Piña homered to left ( 398 feet ) . Nelson struck out swinging . Cain fouled out to catcher . Yelich lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Bumgarner struck out swinging . Panik struck out swinging . Yastrzemski grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Braun grounded out to third . Grandal walked . Moustakas doubled to deep right , Grandal to third . Pérez hit sacrifice fly , Grandal scored , Pérez safe at second on error by right fielder Pillar , Moustakas to third . Arcia grounded out to third , Moustakas scored , Pérez to third . Piña singled to deep left center , Pérez scored . Nelson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 4th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Belt struck out swinging . Sandoval struck out swinging . Vogt tripled to deep right . Pillar singled to shallow left , Vogt scored . Crawford singled to deep center , Pillar to third . Duggar grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Cain singled to left . Yelich grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cain out at second . Braun singled to left center , Yelich to third . Grandal hit sacrifice fly to center , Yelich scored . Moustakas flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Bumgarner walked . Panik walked , Bumgarner to second . Yastrzemski walked , Panik to second , Bumgarner to third . Houser pitching for Brewers . Belt walked , Bumgarner scored , Yastrzemski to second , Panik to third . Sandoval grounded out to first , Panik scored , Belt to second , Yastrzemski to third . Vogt hit sacrifice fly to center , Yastrzemski scored , Belt to third . Pillar grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Pérez struck out looking . Arcia lined out to first . Piña walked . Houser struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Houser pitching for Brewers . Crawford doubled to deep right center . Duggar popped out to shortstop . Longoria hit for Bumgarner . Longoria reached on infield single to shortstop , Crawford to third . Panik hit sacrifice fly to center , Crawford scored . Yastrzemski singled to center , Longoria to third . Belt struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Gott pitching for Giants . Cain struck out swinging . Yelich walked . Yelich stole second . Braun singled to left , Yelich to third . Grandal hit sacrifice fly to center , Yelich scored . Moustakas fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Sandoval struck out looking . Vogt tripled to deep right . Pillar singled to right , Vogt scored . Crawford doubled to right , Pillar scored on error by right fielder Yelich , Crawford safe at third on error by right fielder Yelich . Duggar lined out to left . Austin hit for Gott . Austin struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Watson pitching for Giants . Pérez flied out to center . Arcia grounded out to pitcher . Piña lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Claudio pitching for Brewers . Panik singled to left . Yastrzemski grounded into double play , first to shortstop to second , Panik out at second . Belt singled to deep right . Sandoval singled to right center , Belt to third . Vogt reached on infield single to shortstop , Belt scored , Sandoval to second . Burnes pitching for Brewers . Pillar grounded out to second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Smith pitching for Giants . Aguilar hit for Burnes . Aguilar struck out swinging . Cain struck out swinging . Yelich homered to center ( 418 feet ) . Braun singled to shallow left center . Grandal flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 7 - Giants 8 .	Vogt , Yastrzemski team up to lead Giants over Brewers 8 - 7