Mariners - Top 1st . Davies pitching for Brewers . Smith struck out swinging . Crawford flied out to center . Santana walked . Vogelbach flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Grandal grounded out to shortstop . Yelich grounded out to shortstop . Braun doubled to deep right . Braun scored on error by third baseman Seager , Moustakas safe at first on error by third baseman Seager . Aguilar singled to center , Moustakas to second . Gamel struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 2nd . Davies pitching for Brewers . Narváez grounded out to third . Seager singled to center . Williamson singled to center , Seager to second . Gordon lined into double play , pitcher to shortstop , Seager doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . Davies struck out swinging . Arcia lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Davies pitching for Brewers . Gonzales struck out looking . Smith doubled to right . Crawford tripled to right center , Smith scored . Santana doubled to left , Crawford scored , Santana to second . Vogelbach homered to right ( 419 feet ) , Santana scored . Narváez lined out to right . Seager struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Grandal flied out to right . Yelich flied out to center . Braun doubled to left . Moustakas grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Davies pitching for Brewers . Williamson walked . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Williamson safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas . Gonzales sacrificed , Williamson to home on throwing error by pitcher Davies , Gonzales to first on throwing error by pitcher Davies , Gordon to third on throwing error by pitcher Davies . Smith fouled out to shortstop . Crawford grounded out to second , Gordon scored , Gonzales to second . Santana struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Aguilar grounded out to second . Gamel hit ground rule double to deep center . Pérez grounded out to pitcher . Woodruff hit for Davies . Woodruff struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Wilkerson pitching for Brewers . Vogelbach grounded out to second . Narváez singled to center . Seager fouled out to shortstop . Williamson walked , Narváez to second . Gordon doubled to left , Narváez scored , Williamson to third . Gonzales struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Arcia struck out swinging . Grandal homered to left ( 425 feet ) . Yelich grounded out to first . Braun singled to left . Moustakas singled to right , Braun to third . Aguilar singled to left , Braun scored , Moustakas to second . Gamel flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Wilkerson pitching for Brewers . Smith walked . Crawford flied out to center . Santana fouled out to first . Vogelbach grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Gearrin pitching for Mariners . Pérez grounded out to second . Shaw hit for Wilkerson . Shaw walked . Arcia grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Shaw safe at second on error by shortstop Crawford . Grandal flied out to center , Shaw to third . Adams pitching for Mariners . Yelich struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 7th . Moustakas at second base . Pérez at shortstop . Shaw at third base . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Narváez walked . Seager walked , Narváez to second . Williamson flied out to left . Gordon singled to shallow left , Seager to second , Narváez thrown out at home . Adams struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Adams pitching for Mariners . Braun struck out swinging . Moustakas struck out swinging . Aguilar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Smith struck out swinging . Crawford singled to left center . Crawford to second on passed ball by Grandal . Santana walked . Vogelbach walked , Santana to second , Crawford to third . Narváez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vogelbach out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Bass pitching for Mariners . Gamel grounded out to first . Pérez walked . Shaw grounded out to first . Thames hit for Nelson . Thames grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Seager doubled to right center . Williamson flied out to center . Gordon grounded out to shortstop , Seager to third . Beckham hit for Bass . Beckham reached on infield single to third , Seager scored . Smith grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Nola at first base . Festa pitching for Mariners . Grandal struck out looking . Yelich struck out swinging . Braun flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Brewers 3 .	Vogelbach 's homer lifts Mariners to first interleague win