Brewers - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Pirates . Grisham struck out swinging . Grandal grounded out to pitcher . Moustakas doubled to deep right . Hiura homered to right center ( 388 feet ) , Moustakas scored . Thames popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Pomeranz pitching for Brewers . Newman struck out looking . Reynolds flied out to center . Marte flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Braun tripled to deep right . Gamel hit sacrifice fly to center , Braun scored . Arcia grounded out to third . Pomeranz grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Pomeranz pitching for Brewers . Osuna struck out looking . Cabrera struck out swinging . Moran fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Grisham flied out to center . Grandal singled to left center . Moustakas flied out to right . Hiura doubled to left , Grandal to third . Thames singled to right , Grandal scored and Hiura scored . Braun walked , Thames to second . Gamel grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Pomeranz pitching for Brewers . Reyes flied out to right . Stallings homered to left ( 392 feet ) . Williams walked . Newman grounded into double play , third to second to first , Williams out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Arcia grounded out to third . Pomeranz grounded out to pitcher . Grisham doubled to deep center . Grandal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Reynolds lined out to shortstop . Marte walked . Osuna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Marte safe at second on error by second baseman Hiura . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Osuna to second , Marte out at third . Moran grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Moustakas grounded out to shortstop . Hiura homered to center ( 404 feet ) . Thames grounded out to first . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop . Stallings flied out to left . Frazier hit for Williams . Frazier grounded out to first , Reyes to second . Newman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Markel pitching for Pirates . Gamel walked . Arcia reached on infield single to third , Gamel to second . Cain hit for Guerra . Arcia to second on passed ball by Stallings , Gamel to third on passed ball by Stallings . Cain singled to right , Gamel scored and Arcia scored . Grisham popped out to third . Grandal grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cain safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Osuna . Moustakas flied out to left . Hiura hit by pitch , Grandal to second , Cain to third . Thames struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Brewers . Gamel in right field . Cain in center field . Reynolds struck out looking . Marte reached on infield single to third . Osuna singled to right , Marte to second . Cabrera struck out looking . Moran fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Feliz pitching for Pirates . Williams struck out swinging . Gamel walked . Arcia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gamel safe at second on error by second baseman Reyes . Cain struck out looking . Grisham grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for Brewers . Reyes grounded out to third . Stallings walked . González hit for Feliz . González struck out swinging . Newman safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas , Stallings to second . Reynolds singled to right center , Stallings scored , Newman to third . Jeffress pitching for Brewers . Marte singled to center , Newman scored , Reynolds to third . Osuna lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 8th . Hartlieb pitching for Pirates . Grandal grounded out to pitcher . Moustakas grounded out to shortstop . Hiura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Jeffress pitching for Brewers . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Moran grounded out to second . Reyes lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Vázquez pitching for Pirates . Thames struck out looking . Piña hit for Jeffress . Piña struck out swinging . Gamel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Stallings struck out swinging . Díaz hit for Vázquez . Díaz struck out swinging . Newman popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 8 - Pirates 3 .	Hiura hits 2 HRs , Brewers beat Pirates 8 - 3 to complete sweep