Brewers - Top 1st . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Grisham singled to right . Hiura hit by pitch , Grisham to second . Grandal lined into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hiura doubled off first . Braun singled to center , Grisham scored and Grisham scored on error by shortstop Story , Braun safe at first on error by shortstop Story . Thames lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Davies pitching for Brewers . Hampson struck out looking . Blackmon grounded out to third . Arenado grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Cain grounded out to shortstop . Spangenberg walked . Arcia struck out swinging . Davies struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Gamel in left field . Davies pitching for Brewers . Story grounded out to shortstop . Murphy grounded out to first . McMahon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Grisham flied out to left . Hiura doubled to deep right . Grandal flied out to center , Hiura to third . Gamel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Davies pitching for Brewers . Hilliard hit ground rule double to deep center . Wolters singled to center , Hilliard scored , Wolters to second . Senzatela sacrificed to pitcher , Wolters to third . Hampson flied out to right . Blackmon lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Thames flied out to left . Cain homered to left ( 433 feet ) . Spangenberg grounded out to first . Arcia grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Davies pitching for Brewers . Arenado flied out to right . Story walked . Murphy flied out to center . Story stole second . McMahon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Davies singled to right center . Grisham grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Davies out at second . Hiura singled to right , Grisham to third . Grandal struck out swinging . Gamel walked , Hiura to second . Thames grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Davies pitching for Brewers . Hilliard flied out to left . Wolters safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Hiura . Senzatela bunt popped out to third . Wolters to second on wild pitch by Davies . Hampson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 6th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Cain singled to center . Spangenberg struck out swinging . Arcia grounded out to shortstop , Cain to second . Austin hit for Davies . Cain to third on balk . Austin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Black pitching for Brewers . Blackmon homered to right center ( 401 feet ) . Arenado singled to right . Story walked , Arenado to second . Claudio pitching for Brewers . Murphy singled to center , Arenado scored , Story to second . McMahon grounded out to second , Murphy to second , Story to third . Hilliard walked . Wolters walked , Story scored , Hilliard to second , Murphy to third . Jackson pitching for Brewers . Fuentes hit for Senzatela . Tapia hit for Fuentes . Tapia homered to right ( 383 feet ) , Murphy scored , Hilliard scored and Wolters scored . Hampson grounded out to second . Blackmon walked . Arenado walked , Blackmon to second . Story grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Arenado out at second . 7 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Pazos pitching for Rockies . Grisham struck out looking . Hiura singled to deep center . Grandal grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hiura out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Faria pitching for Brewers . Murphy singled to left . McMahon homered to left ( 372 feet ) , Murphy scored . Hilliard doubled to deep right . Wolters struck out swinging . Alonso hit for Pazos . Alonso singled to center , Hilliard scored . Hampson reached on infield single to catcher , Alonso to second . Blackmon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hampson out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Valaika at second base . McMahon at third base . Harvey pitching for Rockies . Gamel walked . Thames flied out to center . Taylor hit for Cain . Taylor singled to right , Gamel to second . Spangenberg walked , Taylor to second , Gamel to third . Arcia singled to left , Gamel scored and Taylor scored , Spangenberg to second . Piña hit for Faria . Piña walked , Arcia to second , Spangenberg to third . Díaz pitching for Rockies . Grisham grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Spangenberg out at home . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Taylor in center field . Piña catching . Valaika walked . Story struck out swinging . Murphy grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Valaika out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Diaz pitching for Rockies . Hiura doubled to left . Shaw hit for Nelson . Shaw singled to right center , Hiura scored . Gamel grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Shaw out at second . Thames doubled to deep left , Gamel to third . Taylor walked . Spangenberg reached on infield single to shortstop , Gamel scored , Taylor to second , Thames to third . Arcia grounded out to first , Thames scored , Spangenberg to second , Taylor to third . Moustakas hit for Piña . Moustakas flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 7 - Rockies 11 .	Brewers slip in NL Central chase , fall to Rockies 11 - 7