Mariners - Top 1st. Wang pitching for Yankees. Suzuki grounded out to catcher. Lopez grounded out to third. Vidro singled to center. Ibanez walked, Vidro to second. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Damon grounded out to second. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Abreu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Johjima grounded out to pitcher. Sexson struck out swinging. Balentien walked. Betancourt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Rodriguez walked. Giambi walked, Rodriguez to second. Duncan flied out to left. Cano grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Giambi out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Suzuki homered to right. Lopez lined out to shortstop. Vidro grounded out to first. Ibanez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Molina struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to second. Damon doubled to deep right. Damon stole third. Jeter doubled to deep left, Damon scored. Abreu grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Beltre walked. Johjima reached on infield single to third, Beltre to second. Sexson walked, Beltre to third, Johjima to second. Balentien grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beltre out at home, Johjima to third, Sexson to second. Betancourt singled to left, Johjima scored, Sexson to third, Balentien to second. Suzuki safe at first on error by first baseman Duncan, Sexson scored, Balentien to third, Betancourt to second. Lopez grounded into double play, first to catcher to shortstop, Balentien out at home, Suzuki out at second, Lopez to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Rodriguez flied out to right. Giambi hit by pitch. Duncan grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Giambi out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Vidro grounded out to second. Ibanez flied out to center. Beltre flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Cano walked. Molina singled to center, Cano to second. Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher, Cano to third, Molina to second. Damon grounded out to first, Cano scored, Molina to third. Jeter grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Johjima flied out to center. Sexson struck out swinging. Balentien grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Abreu grounded out to second. Rodriguez singled to left. Giambi struck out swinging, Rodriguez stole second. Duncan lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Betancourt lined out to left. Suzuki singled to left center. Lopez doubled to left, Suzuki to third. Vidro singled to right center, Suzuki and Lopez scored. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Ibanez popped out to shortstop. Beltre flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Green pitching for Mariners. Cano grounded out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to right. Damon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Johjima reached on infield single to second. Sexson struck out swinging. Balentien struck out swinging. Betancourt singled to right, Johjima to third. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Green pitching for Mariners. Jeter walked. Rhodes pitching for Mariners. Abreu doubled to deep right center, Jeter scored. Putz pitching for Mariners. Rodriguez walked. Giambi struck out looking. Matsui hit for Duncan. Matsui reached on infield single to pitcher, Abreu to third, Rodriguez to second, Abreu scored, Rodriguez to third on throwing error by pitcher Putz. Cano hit sacrifice fly to center, Rodriguez scored, Matsui to second. Molina doubled to deep right center, Matsui scored. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. Ensberg at first base. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Lopez popped out to shortstop. Vidro struck out looking. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Yankees 6.	Yanks rally for four in eighth to sweep M's