Yankees - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Damon flied out to center. Jeter singled to center. Abreu grounded out to pitcher, Jeter to second. Rodriguez homered to left, Jeter scored. Matsui singled to left. Giambi singled to center, Matsui to second. Cano flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Gomez grounded out to second. Casilla grounded out to shortstop. Mauer flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Moeller struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to first. Damon singled to left. Damon to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Jeter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Morneau flied out to left. Cuddyer singled to left center. Monroe grounded out to third, Cuddyer to second. Young doubled to deep right, Cuddyer scored. Harris grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Abreu flied out to center. Rodriguez walked. Matsui grounded out to second, Rodriguez to second. Giambi grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Macri grounded out to third. Gomez singled to right. Casilla reached on bunt single to second, Gomez scored. Mauer grounded out to pitcher, Casilla to second. Morneau grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Cano reached on infield single to second. Moeller flied out to right. Cabrera singled to shallow center, Cano to third. Damon grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Cuddyer flied out to center. Monroe grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Jeter doubled to deep right center. Abreu flied out to center, Jeter to third. Rodriguez popped out to first. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Harris struck out swinging. Macri doubled to left. Gomez grounded out to third. Casilla grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Giambi singled to center. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Giambi out at second. Moeller hit ground rule double to deep left, Cano to third. Cabrera singled to left, Cano scored, Moeller to third. Damon singled to right, Moeller scored, Cabrera to second. Jeter flied out to right. Abreu flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Mauer singled to center. Morneau grounded out to third, Mauer to second. Cuddyer singled to center, Mauer to third. Monroe reached on infield single to second, Mauer scored, Cuddyer to second. Young doubled to deep right, Cuddyer scored, Monroe to third. Harris struck out swinging. Macri flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Rodriguez doubled to left. Reyes pitching for Twins. Matsui walked, Rodriguez to third on wild pitch by Reyes. Matsui batting. Giambi grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rodriguez scored, Matsui to second. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to first, Giambi out at second, Matsui to third. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Moeller struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Gomez grounded out to shortstop. Casilla grounded out to second. Mauer homered to right. Morneau grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Damon grounded out to first. Jeter singled to deep right, Jeter tagged out at second. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Cuddyer doubled to deep right. Punto hit for Monroe. Punto sacrificed to first, Cuddyer to third. Punto hit for Monroe. Punto sacrificed to first, Cuddyer to third. Young doubled to right center, Cuddyer scored. Young caught stealing third, catcher to third. Harris singled to left. Lamb hit for Macri. Lamb walked, Harris to second. Gomez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Lamb at third base. Nathan pitching for Twins. Rodriguez singled to center. Matsui grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. Giambi lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 5 - Twins 6.	Young, Twins tip Yankees