Yankees - Top 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Jeter doubled to deep center. Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop. Rodriguez walked, Jeter to third, Abreu to second. Giambi grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jeter scored, Rodriguez out at second, Abreu to third, Abreu scored on throwing error by shortstop Wilson. Posada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Giambi out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Morgan grounded out to second. Sanchez flied out to center. McLouth grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Cano popped out to shortstop. Christian flied out to left. Chamberlain walked. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Chamberlain out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Doumit singled to right. Bay singled to right, Doumit to second. LaRoche struck out swinging. Bautista flied out to left. Wilson singled to right, Doumit thrown out at home, Bay to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop, Jeter to second on throwing error by shortstop Wilson. Abreu grounded out to first, Jeter to third. Rodriguez popped out to shortstop. Giambi singled to right, Jeter scored. Posada singled to center, Giambi to third. Cano grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Duke struck out swinging. Morgan grounded out to catcher. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Christian reached on bunt single to third. Chamberlain sacrificed to first, Christian to second. Cabrera lined out to center. Jeter doubled to deep center, Christian scored. Abreu grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. McLouth struck out swinging. Doumit grounded out to pitcher. Bay grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Rodriguez lined out to left. Giambi popped out to third. Posada grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. LaRoche struck out swinging. Bautista walked. Wilson hit by pitch, Bautista to second. Rivas hit for Duke. Rivas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilson out at second, Bautista to third. Morgan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Beam pitching for Pirates. Cano homered to right center. Christian popped out to second. Chamberlain lined out to right. Cabrera walked. Cabrera stole second. Jeter walked. Abreu homered to right, Cabrera and Jeter scored. Rodriguez singled to center. Giambi grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Sanchez flied out to center. McLouth flied out to center. Doumit doubled to deep right. Michaels hit for Bay. Michaels struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Morgan in left field. Michaels in right field. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Posada grounded out to third. Cano singled to center. Christian grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cano out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. LaRoche grounded out to first. Bautista struck out swinging. Wilson singled to center. Mientkiewicz hit for Burnett. Mientkiewicz singled to left, Wilson to second. Ohlendorf pitching for Yankees. Betemit at first base. Morgan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Osoria pitching for Pirates. Betemit singled to center. Cabrera singled to center, Betemit to second. Gonzalez hit for Jeter. Gonzalez flied out to center, Betemit to third. Abreu doubled to right, Betemit scored, Cabrera to third. Molina hit for Rodriguez. Molina grounded out to third. Ohlendorf lined out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Gonzalez at shortstop. Molina catching. Posada at first base. Betemit at third base. Ohlendorf pitching for Yankees. Sanchez struck out swinging. McLouth grounded out to second. Doumit struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Posada walked. Cano singled to center, Posada to second. Christian walked, Posada to third, Cano to second. Betemit grounded into fielder's choice double play, third to catcher, Cano out at third, Posada out at home, Christian to second. Cabrera singled to shallow left, Christian scored, Betemit to second. Gonzalez popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Veras pitching for Yankees. Michaels singled to left. LaRoche struck out swinging. Bautista flied out to center. Wilson singled to left, Michaels to second. Chavez hit for Grabow. Chavez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 10 - Pirates 0.	Joba gets 1st win as starter