Rangers - Top 1st. Ponson pitching for Yankees. Kinsler flied out to center. Young grounded out to second. Hamilton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Damon grounded out to shortstop. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Ponson pitching for Yankees. Bradley flied out to center. Catalanotto doubled to right. Davis lined out to shortstop. Ramirez lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez singled to left. Giambi flied out to left. Posada grounded out to second, Rodriguez to second. Cano doubled to deep right, Rodriguez scored. Betemit grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Ponson pitching for Yankees. Boggs singled to left. Duran flied out to center. Kinsler singled to center, Boggs to second. Young doubled to right, Boggs scored, Kinsler to third. Hamilton singled to center, Kinsler and Young scored. Bradley grounded into double play, second to first, Hamilton out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Gardner grounded out to shortstop. Damon singled to right. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to second, Damon safe at second on error by second baseman Kinsler. Abreu flied out to right, Damon to third. Rodriguez walked, Jeter to second. Giambi homered to right, Damon, Jeter and Rodriguez scored. Posada grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 4th. Ponson pitching for Yankees. Catalanotto singled to left. Davis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Catalanotto out at second. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Vazquez at shortstop. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Cano grounded out to pitcher. Betemit grounded out to second. Gardner lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Ponson pitching for Yankees. Boggs walked. Duran grounded out to pitcher, Boggs to second. Kinsler walked. Vazquez lined into double play, second to first, Kinsler doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Mendoza pitching for Rangers. Damon lined out to pitcher. Jeter walked. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jeter out at second. Rodriguez safe at first on error by third baseman Duran, Abreu to second. Giambi hit by pitch, Abreu to third, Rodriguez to second. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Posada walked, Abreu scored, Rodriguez to third, Giambi to second. Cano grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 6th. Ponson pitching for Yankees. Hamilton walked. Bradley homered to right, Hamilton scored. Catalanotto reached on infield single to second. Davis homered to center, Catalanotto scored. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Ramirez struck out swinging. Boggs grounded out to third. Duran struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Betemit walked. Gardner walked, Betemit to second. Damon lined out to left. Jeter grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gardner out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Kinsler bunt grounded out to pitcher. Vazquez grounded out to first. Hamilton walked. Bradley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Madrigal pitching for Rangers. Abreu hit ground rule double to left. Rodriguez walked. Giambi doubled to deep left center, Abreu and Rodriguez scored. Posada doubled to right, Giambi scored. Cano singled to right, Posada to third. Betemit grounded out to second, Posada scored, Cano to second. Cano to third on wild pitch by Madrigal. Gardner singled to right, Cano scored. Wright pitching for Rangers. Gardner stole second. Damon singled to left, Gardner scored, Damon to second advancing on throw. Jeter grounded out to second, Damon to third. Abreu walked. Rodriguez homered to right, Damon and Abreu scored. Giambi grounded out to second. 9 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Gonzalez at third base. Molina catching. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Catalanotto walked. Davis fouled out to third. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Catalanotto out at second. Boggs walked, Ramirez to second. Duran struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Wright pitching for Rangers. Molina singled to right. Cano lined out to second. Betemit singled to left, Molina to second. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to second, Betemit out at second, Molina to third. Damon singled to right, Molina scored, Gardner to second. Jeter singled to right, Gardner to third, Damon to second. Abreu singled to center Gardner scored, Damon scored, Jeter to second. Gonzalez flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Hawkins pitching for Yankees. Moeller at first base. Betemit at third base. Gonzalez at shortstop. Kinsler flied out to center. Vazquez flied out to left. Hamilton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 7 - Yankees 18.	That enough, Hank? Yanks score 18 in win