Angels - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Figgins flied out to right. Aybar struck out looking. Teixeira walked. Guerrero walked, Teixeira to second. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guerrero out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Garland pitching for Angels. Damon grounded out to pitcher. Jeter flied out to center. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Anderson singled to right. Kendrick singled to center, Anderson to second. Anderson caught stealing third, pitcher to second. Kendrick stole second. Rivera flied out to center. Mathis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Garland pitching for Angels. Rodriguez struck out looking. Giambi struck out swinging. Cano flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Figgins singled to center. Aybar grounded out to third, Figgins to second. Teixeira reached on infield single to shortstop. Guerrero flied out to left, Figgins to third. Teixeira stole second. Hunter homered to right center, Figgins and Teixeira scored. Anderson singled to center. Kendrick singled to right center, Anderson to third. Rivera homered to left, Anderson and Kendrick scored. Mathis struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Garland pitching for Angels. Nady grounded out to pitcher. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Cabrera safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Garland. Damon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Figgins reached on infield single to second. Aybar flied out to center. Teixeira flied out to right. Guerrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Garland pitching for Angels. Jeter flied out to right. Abreu homered to right. Rodriguez doubled to deep center. Giambi flied out to center. Cano flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Hunter struck out swinging. Anderson popped out to second. Kendrick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Garland pitching for Angels. Nady walked. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Nady out at second. Cabrera tripled to deep right center. Damon singled to right, Cabrera scored, Damon to third on error by right fielder Guerrero. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Rivera grounded out to catcher. Mathis doubled to deep right center. Figgins singled to left, Mathis scored. Figgins stole second. Aybar walked. Britton pitching for Yankees. Teixeira popped out to shortstop. Guerrero homered to left, Figgins and Aybar scored. Hunter flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Garland pitching for Angels. Abreu grounded out to second. Rodriguez flied out to center. Giambi singled to left center. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to third, Giambi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Britton pitching for Yankees. Anderson singled to right. Kendrick flied out to right. Rivera flied out to left. Anderson to second on wild pitch by Britton. Mathis popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Garland pitching for Angels. Nady homered to left center. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third. Oliver pitching for Angels. Cabrera singled to right, Rodriguez to third. Damon lined to pitcher, Rodriguez tagged out at home, Cabrera out at second, Damon to first. Jeter grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Britton pitching for Yankees. Figgins singled to right. Aybar tripled to deep right center, Figgins scored. Teixeira singled to left center, Aybar scored. Guerrero grounded into double play, third to second to first, Teixeira out at second. Hunter struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Willits in right field. Oliver pitching for Angels. Abreu grounded out to second. Rodriguez popped out to first. Sexson hit for Giambi. Sexson singled to left. Cano struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Sexson at first base. Britton pitching for Yankees. Anderson doubled to left. Budde ran for Anderson. Kendrick singled to left, Budde to third. Matthews hit for Rivera. Matthews lined into double play, second to first, Kendrick doubled off first. Mathis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Quinlan in left field. Matthews in center field. O'Day pitching for Angels. Nady singled to left center. Betemit hit for Rodriguez. Betemit singled to right, Nady to second. Cabrera singled to right, Nady to third, Betemit to second. Damon walked, Nady scored, Betemit to third, Cabrera to second. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Betemit scored, Damon out at second, Cabrera to third. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera scored, Jeter out at second. Rodriguez grounded out to catcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 12 - Yankees 6.	Angels crush Yanks to spoil Pudge's debut