Yankees - Top 1st. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Damon grounded out to first. Jeter homered to left. Abreu flied out to center. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Kinsler grounded out to third. Catalanotto singled to right. Young grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to  first, Catalanotto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Giambi hit by pitch. Nady singled to left, Giambi to second. Cano grounded into double play, third to second to first, Nady out at second, Giambi to third. Betemit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Hamilton grounded out to second. Byrd doubled to deep left center. Boggs singled to right, Byrd to third. Laird grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Boggs out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Molina grounded out to pitcher. Damon struck out looking. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Davis grounded out to second. Vazquez singled to center. Kinsler flied out to right. Catalanotto walked, Vazquez to second. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Abreu singled to center. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Abreu out at second. Giambi walked. Nady grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Giambi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Hamilton struck out swinging. Byrd singled to center. Boggs grounded out to second, Byrd to second. Laird struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Cano singled to center. Betemit grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cano out at second. Molina grounded out to pitcher, Betemit to second. Damon singled to right, Betemit scored. Damon to second on throw. Jeter walked. Abreu fouled out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Davis grounded out to second. Vazquez singled to left. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vazquez out at second. Catalanotto singled to center, Kinsler to third. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Giambi lined out to right. Nady struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Hamilton struck out looking. Byrd doubled to right. Boggs grounded into fielder's choice double play, pitcher to third to shortstop to second, Byrd out at third, Boggs out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Cano singled to center. Betemit singled to center, Cano to second. Molina bunt popped out to first. Damon grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Betemit out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Laird flied out to center. Davis struck out swinging. Vazquez lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Wright pitching for Rangers. Jeter reached on infield single to third. Jeter stole second. Abreu grounded out to pitcher, Jeter to third. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Giambi intentionally walked. Cabrera ran for Giambi. Nady grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Cabrera in center field. Sexson at first base. Bruney pitching for Yankees. Damon in left field. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Marte pitching for Yankees. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Wright pitching for Rangers. Cano doubled to deep left. Betemit grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cano out at third. Molina grounded out to second. Damon singled to left, Betemit to second. Jeter singled to right, Betemit scored, Damon to second, Damon to third advancing on play. Jeter tagged out at second attempting to advance on throw. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Hamilton flied out to center. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. Boggs struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 3 - Rangers 0.	Yanks' Mussina stops Rangers for 15th win