Nationals - Top 1st. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Eaton walked. Kendrick grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Eaton out at second. Rendon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. McNeil hit by pitch. Alonso grounded into double play, shortstop to first, McNeil out at second. Canó grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Soto walked. Zimmerman flied out to right. Suzuki singled to left center, Soto to second. Difo walked, Suzuki to second, Soto to third. Scherzer reached on infield single to shortstop, Soto scored, Difo to second, Suzuki to third. Robles singled to right center, Suzuki scored, Scherzer to second, Difo to third. Eaton hit ground rule double to deep left, Difo scored and Scherzer scored, Robles to third. Kendrick hit sacrifice fly to center, Robles scored. Rendon grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Conforto doubled to right center, Conforto safe at third on throwing error by right fielder Eaton. Ramos singled to left, Conforto scored. Davis singled to right, Ramos to second. Rosario struck out swinging. Broxton struck out swinging, Davis out at second, Ramos to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 3rd. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Soto struck out swinging. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Wheeler flied out to left. McNeil singled to left. Alonso struck out swinging. Canó struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Difo grounded out to first. Scherzer lined out to right. Robles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Conforto struck out swinging. Ramos lined out to second. Davis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Eaton grounded out to pitcher. Kendrick walked. Rendon walked, Kendrick to second. Soto flied out to center, Kendrick to third. Zimmerman walked, Rendon to second. Suzuki walked, Kendrick scored, Zimmerman to second, Rendon to third. McNeil at third base. Peterson pitching for Mets. Nimmo in left field. Rendon scored on Peterson wild pitch, Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Peterson, Zimmerman to third on wild pitch by Peterson. Difo intentionally walked. Scherzer struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Rosario struck out swinging. Broxton grounded out to pitcher. Nimmo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Peterson pitching for Mets. Robles walked. Robles stole second, Robles safe at third on throwing error by catcher Ramos. Eaton popped out to second. Kendrick struck out looking. Rendon walked. Soto walked, Rendon to second. Zimmerman walked, Robles scored, Soto to second, Rendon to third. Suzuki singled to left, Rendon scored, Zimmerman to second, Soto to third. Difo fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 6th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. McNeil grounded out to second. Alonso doubled to shallow left. Canó flied out to center, Alonso to third. Conforto hit by pitch. Ramos lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Avilán pitching for Mets. Guillorme at second base. Scherzer struck out looking. Robles hit by pitch. Eaton flied out to left. Kendrick singled to shallow center, Robles to third. Rendon homered to left center (422 feet), Robles scored and Kendrick scored. Soto grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Guillorme singled to right. Rosario singled to right, Guillorme to second. Broxton struck out looking. Nimmo doubled to deep right, Guillorme scored, Rosario to third. Grace pitching for Nationals. McNeil singled to right, Rosario scored, Nimmo to third. Alonso homered to center (417 feet), Nimmo scored and McNeil scored. d'Arnaud hit for Avilán. d'Arnaud grounded out to third. Conforto struck out looking. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. d'Arnaud catching. Gsellman pitching for Mets. Zimmerman singled to left. Suzuki grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Zimmerman out at second. Difo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Do. Smith hit for Gsellman. Rosenthal pitching for Nationals. Do. Smith hit by pitch. Do. Smith to second on wild pitch by Rosenthal. Do. Smith to second on wild pitch by Rosenthal. Do. Smith to third on wild pitch by Rosenthal. Guillorme walked. Suero pitching for Nationals. Rosario struck out swinging. Broxton struck out swinging. Nimmo lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Lugo pitching for Mets. Adams hit for Suero. Adams struck out swinging. Robles struck out swinging. Eaton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Ross pitching for Nationals. McNeil hit by pitch. Alonso walked, McNeil to second. d'Arnaud flied out to center, Alonso to second, McNeil to third. Conforto homered to right (379 feet), McNeil scored and Alonso scored. Lagares hit for Lugo. Doolittle pitching for Nationals. Lagares struck out swinging. Guillorme flied out to left. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 12 - Mets 9.	Scherzer gets 1st win, Nats beat wild Mets 12-9