Padres - Top 1st. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Venable singled to center. Bartlett struck out looking. Ludwick popped into double play, to first, Venable doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Richard pitching for Padres. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. Gomez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Headley. Braun grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gomez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 2nd. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Headley bunt grounded out to catcher. Hawpe struck out swinging. Maybin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Richard pitching for Padres. Fielder reached on infield single to second. McGehee singled to left, Fielder to second. Betancourt singled to right, Fielder to third, McGehee to second. Hart singled to left, Fielder scored, McGehee to third, Betancourt to second. Lucroy singled to left into double play, left to third to second to shortstop to second, Betancourt and McGehee scored, Hart out at third, Lucroy out at second. Marcum struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez flied out to right. Richard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Richard pitching for Padres. Weeks flied out to center. Gomez doubled to left. Braun singled to left, Gomez scored. Fielder walked, Braun to second. Braun to third, Fielder to second on wild pitch by Richard. McGehee singled to right, Braun and Fielder scored. Betancourt grounded into double play, third to second to first, McGehee out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Venable flied out to left. Bartlett struck out looking. Ludwick popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Richard pitching for Padres. Hart safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Bartlett. Lucroy doubled to deep center, Hart scored. Marcum sacrificed to catcher, Lucroy to third. Weeks singled to center, Lucroy scored. Luebke pitching for Padres. Gomez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Weeks out at second. Braun walked, Gomez to second. Fielder grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 5th. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Headley struck out looking. Hawpe flied out to left. Maybin flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Luebke pitching for Padres. McGehee grounded out to shortstop. Betancourt struck out swinging. Hart grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Phillips doubled to left. Gonzalez reached on infield single to second, Phillips to third. Luebke struck out swinging. Venable struck out swinging. Bartlett singled to center, Phillips scored, Gonzalez to second. Ludwick grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Luebke pitching for Padres. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. Marcum doubled to left. Weeks struck out swinging. Gomez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Headley singled to right center. Hawpe singled to right, Headley to second. Maybin singled to left center, Headley to third, Hawpe to second. Phillips singled to deep right, Headley and Hawpe scored, Maybin to third. Gonzalez singled to left, Maybin scored, Phillips to second. Denorfia hit for Luebke. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Denorfia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second, Phillips to third. Phillips scored on Estrada's wild pitch. Venable flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Braun struck out swinging. Fielder singled to left center. McGehee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Fielder out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Bartlett grounded out to shortstop. Ludwick grounded out to third. Headley singled to right center. Stetter pitching for Brewers. Cantu hit for Hawpe. Cantu singled to center, Headley to second. Loe pitching for Brewers. Maybin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Cantu at first base. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Betancourt grounded out to second. Hart flied out to center. Lucroy singled to left. Kotsay hit for Loe. Kotsay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Axford pitching for Brewers. Phillips struck out swinging. Gonzalez safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Weeks. Patterson hit for Gregerson. Patterson struck out looking. Gonzalez to second on fielder's indifference. Venable singled to right, Gonzalez scored. Bartlett singled to center, Venable to third. Ludwick grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 6 - Brewers 8.	Brewers' 8-0 lead enough as Padres fall short