Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Johnson flied out to center. Drew struck out swinging. Upton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Weeks safe at first on error by second baseman Johnson. Morgan flied out to center. Hart grounded into double play, third to second to first, Weeks out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Young popped out to shortstop. Montero flied out to left. Burroughs flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Fielder struck out swinging. Betancourt grounded out to third. Kotsay grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Miranda grounded out to first. Parra singled to center. Hudson struck out swinging. Johnson walked. Drew popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. McGehee doubled to left. Lucroy singled to center, McGehee to third. Marcum grounded into fielder's choice to first, McGehee scored, Lucroy to second. Weeks struck out looking. Morgan lined into double play, pitcher to shortstop, Lucroy out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Upton struck out looking. Young struck out looking. Montero homered to right (391 feet). Burroughs popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Hart homered to center (436 feet). Fielder singled to left. Betancourt flied out to right. Kotsay lined out to center. McGehee singled to center, Fielder to second. Lucroy walked, Fielder to third, McGehee to second. Marcum homered to left center (393 feet), Fielder, McGehee and Lucroy scored. Weeks singled to right. Morgan reached on infield single to shortstop, Weeks to second. Hart struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Miranda struck out swinging. Parra grounded out to pitcher. Pena hit for Hudson. Pena homered to left center (430 feet). Johnson doubled to deep right. Drew grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Castillo pitching for Diamondbacks. Fielder struck out swinging. Betancourt fouled out to third. Kotsay singled to right. McGehee lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Upton singled to left. Young walked, Upton to second. Montero grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Young out at second, Upton to third. Burroughs reached on infield single to second, Upton scored, Burroughs to second on throwing error by second baseman Weeks. Miranda doubled to deep right, Burroughs scored. Parra grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. Counsell hit for Marcum. Counsell hit by pitch. Weeks lined out to shortstop. Morgan singled to center, Counsell to second. Hart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Hawkins pitching for Brewers. Roberts hit for Owings. Roberts singled to center. Johnson grounded out to second, Roberts to second. Drew singled to center, Roberts scored. Upton struck out swinging. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Drew out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Fielder singled to right. Betancourt grounded into double play, third to second to first, Fielder out at second. Kotsay popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Loe pitching for Brewers. Montero singled to center. Burroughs singled to left, Montero thrown out at third. Miranda doubled to deep center, Burroughs scored, Miranda thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Parra singled to left. Nady hit for Paterson. Morgan in left field. Axford pitching for Brewers. Gomez in center field. Nady struck out swinging. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. McGehee grounded out to second. Lucroy popped out to second. Gomez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Axford pitching for Brewers. Johnson reached on bunt single to pitcher. Drew bunt popped out to catcher. Johnson to second on wild pitch by Axford. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Young singled to left, Johnson scored. Young stole second. Young safe at third on throwing error by catcher Lucroy. Montero singled to right, Young scored. Burroughs singled to center, Montero to second. Morgan in center field. Gamel in left field. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Montero to third, Burroughs to second on wild pitch by Estrada. Miranda walked. Parra struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Weeks struck out looking. Morgan struck out swinging. Hart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 8 - Brewers 6.	D-backs rally late