Brewers - Top 1st. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Hart struck out swinging. Morgan struck out looking. Braun grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Ellis struck out looking. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Fielder grounded out to first. Weeks grounded out to third. McGehee grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Smith grounded out to first. Stewart tripled to deep right center. Fowler struck out swinging, Fowler safe at on error by player player, Stewart scored, Fowler to first on throwing error by catcher Lucroy. Iannetta doubled to left, Fowler scored. Chacin singled to shallow left, Iannetta scored. Gonzalez struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 3rd. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Jo Wilson struck out looking. Lucroy singled to right. Greinke sacrificed to first, Lucroy to second. Hart struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Ellis walked. Helton flied out to center, Ellis thrown out at second. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Morgan singled to center. Braun struck out swinging. Fielder singled to center, Morgan to second. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fielder out at second, Morgan to third. McGehee grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Smith singled to left. Stewart singled to center, Smith to second. Fowler sacrificed to pitcher, Smith to third, Stewart to second. Iannetta walked. Chacin struck out looking. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Jo Wilson grounded out to pitcher. Lucroy grounded out to first. Greinke walked. Hart homered to left (379 feet), Greinke scored. Morgan flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Helton fouled out to first. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Braun grounded out to second. Fielder fouled out to third. Weeks doubled to deep right. McGehee grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Kotsay in left field. Greinke pitching for Brewers. Smith flied out to center. Stewart struck out looking. Fowler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Jo Wilson singled to right. Lucroy singled to right, Jo Wilson to second. Counsell hit for Greinke. Counsell sacrificed to pitcher, Jo Wilson to third, Lucroy to second. Hart hit by pitch. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Morgan reached on bunt single to first, Jo Wilson scored, Lucroy to third, Hart to second, Lucroy scored, Hart to third, Morgan to second on throwing error by first baseman Helton. Kotsay hit sacrifice fly to center, Hart scored. Alfonzo catching. Morgan to third on wild pitch by Reynolds. Fielder walked. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Weeks grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Hawkins pitching for Brewers. Alfonzo singled to right. Spilborghs hit for Betancourt. Spilborghs singled to center, Alfonzo to second. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Spilborghs out at second, Alfonzo to third. Loe pitching for Brewers. Ellis struck out swinging. Helton doubled to deep right, Alfonzo and Gonzalez scored. Tulowitzki singled to center, Helton scored, Tulowitzki thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Lindstrom pitching for Rockies. McGehee reached on infield single to shortstop. Jo Wilson singled to left, McGehee to second. Betancourt ran for McGehee. Lucroy sacrificed to third, Betancourt to third, Jo Wilson to second. Kottaras hit for Loe. Kottaras grounded out to pitcher, Betancourt scored. Jo Wilson to third on passed ball by Alfonzo. Hart grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Betancourt at shortstop. Jo Wilson at third base. Rodriguez pitching for Brewers. Smith grounded out to first. Stewart struck out looking. Fowler safe at first on error by first baseman Fielder. Alfonzo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 9th. Street pitching for Rockies. Morgan flied out to left. Kotsay flied out to left. Fielder walked. Weeks homered to center (428 feet), Fielder scored. Betancourt flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Axford pitching for Brewers. Herrera hit for Street. Herrera grounded out to second. Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop. Giambi hit for Ellis. Gonzalez stole second. Giambi struck out swinging. Helton singled to center, Gonzalez scored. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Helton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 8 - Rockies 7.	Weeks' 2-run HR powers Brewers over Rockies