Royals - Top 1st. Bauer pitching for Indians. Jay grounded out to first. Soler fouled out to first. Moustakas reached on infield single to first. Pérez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Hammel pitching for Royals. Lindor popped out to second. Brantley singled to right. Ramírez homered to right center (397 feet), Brantley scored. Encarnación grounded out to third. Alonso homered to left center (385 feet). Kipnis flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Duda grounded out to shortstop. Merrifield doubled to left. Gordon grounded out to second. Escobar singled to center, Merrifield scored. Almonte singled to center, Escobar to third. Almonte to second on wild pitch by Bauer. Jay doubled to left, Escobar and Almonte scored. Soler struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Hammel pitching for Royals. Naquin flied out to left. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. Allen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Moustakas grounded out to first. Pérez safe at first on error by center fielder Allen. Duda doubled to deep right, Pérez to third. Merrifield walked. Gordon struck out swinging. Escobar walked, Pérez scored, Duda to third, Merrifield to second. Almonte flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Hammel pitching for Royals. Lindor grounded out to first. Brantley flied out to right. Ramírez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Jay grounded out to second. Soler singled to center. Moustakas singled to center, Soler to second. Pérez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Moustakas out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Hammel pitching for Royals. Encarnación reached on infield single to shortstop. Alonso walked, Encarnación to second. Kipnis bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Encarnación out at third, Alonso to second. Naquin doubled to deep left center, Alonso and Kipnis scored. Pérez walked. Allen flied out to center. Lindor walked, Naquin to third, Pérez to second. Brantley homered to right (374 feet), Naquin, Pérez and Lindor scored. Hill pitching for Royals. Ramírez struck out looking. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Guyer in right field. Bauer pitching for Indians. Duda doubled to deep center. Merrifield singled to right, Duda to third. Gordon struck out swinging. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Duda scored, Merrifield out at second. Almonte singled to center, Escobar to third. Otero pitching for Indians. Jay grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Smith pitching for Royals. Encarnación struck out swinging. Alonso walked. Kipnis walked, Alonso to second. Guyer struck out swinging. Pérez walked, Alonso to third, Kipnis to second. Allen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Otero pitching for Indians. Soler safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Lindor. Moustakas doubled to left, Soler scored. Pérez flied out to right, Moustakas to third. Duda doubled to deep left, Moustakas scored. Marshall pitching for Indians. Merrifield popped out to second. Gordon walked. Escobar singled to center, Duda scored, Gordon to second. Almonte struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 6th. Keller pitching for Royals. Lindor singled to left. Brantley grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Lindor out at second. Ramírez reached on infield single to shortstop. Encarnación flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Indians. Jay walked. Soler struck out looking. Moustakas struck out swinging. Pérez homered to left (363 feet), Jay scored. McAllister pitching for Indians. Duda flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Keller pitching for Royals. Alonso grounded out to third. Kipnis grounded out to shortstop. Guyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Keller pitching for Royals. Pérez struck out looking. Allen lined out to center. Lindor walked. Brantley popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Almonte bunt grounded out to pitcher. Jay grounded out to shortstop. Soler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Ramírez grounded out to third. Encarnación grounded out to shortstop. Alonso flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 10 - Indians 9.	Miller returns but allows Perez HR as Royals beat Indians