Astros - Top 1st. Kluber pitching for Indians. Springer singled to right. Bregman struck out looking. Springer caught stealing second, catcher to second. Altuve struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Lindor grounded out to third. Brantley lined out to center. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Correa grounded out to second. González struck out swinging. Gurriel lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Encarnación singled to deep right. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Encarnación to third. Gomes struck out swinging. Kipnis struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Gattis doubled to left. Stassi struck out swinging. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gattis out at third. Springer grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Allen flied out to right. Lindor grounded out to second. Brantley doubled to deep right. Ramírez doubled to deep left, Brantley scored. Encarnación lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Bregman singled to center. Altuve lined out to right. Correa struck out looking. González singled to center, Bregman to third. Gurriel flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Cabrera lined out to shortstop. Gomes struck out swinging. Kipnis singled to right. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kipnis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Gattis grounded out to shortstop. Stassi struck out swinging. Kemp reached on bunt single to second. Springer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Allen grounded out to shortstop. Lindor grounded out to third. Brantley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Bregman grounded out to third. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Correa flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Ramírez struck out swinging. Encarnación singled to left. Cabrera singled to left center, Encarnación to second. Gomes singled to left, Encarnación to third, Cabrera to second. Kipnis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Encarnación scored, Gomes out at second, Cabrera to third. Kipnis to second on passed ball by Stassi. Davis walked. Allen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Kluber pitching for Indians. González struck out swinging. Gurriel safe at first on error by third baseman Ramírez. Gattis singled to right, Gurriel to second. Stassi singled to right, Gurriel to third, Gattis to second. Miller pitching for Indians. Davis hit for Kemp. Davis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stassi out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 7th. González in center field. Davis in left field. Harris pitching for Astros. Lindor struck out swinging. Brantley singled to right center. Ramírez flied out to left. Smith pitching for Astros. Brantley stole second. Encarnación struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Alonso at first base. Miller pitching for Indians. Springer doubled to deep center. Bregman walked. Altuve doubled to left, Springer and Bregman scored. Allen pitching for Indians. Correa grounded out to shortstop, Altuve to third. González sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Altuve scored. Gurriel singled to left, González to second. Gattis hit by pitch, González to third, Gurriel to second. Stassi walked, González scored, Gurriel to third, Gattis to second. Otero pitching for Indians. Davis lined out to shortstop. Springer lined out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. González in left field. Marisnick in center field. Devenski pitching for Astros. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. Gomes struck out swinging. Kipnis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Drake pitching for Indians. Bregman flied out to left. Altuve doubled to right center. Correa doubled to right, Altuve scored. González hit by pitch. Gurriel singled to left, Correa to third, González to second. Gattis singled to left, Correa and González scored, Gattis to second, Gurriel to second, Gurriel to third advancing on throw. Stassi grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gurriel out at home. Marisnick singled to center, Gattis scored, Stassi to second. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Springer homered to left center (391 feet), Stassi and Marisnick scored. Bregman grounded out to third. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Sipp pitching for Astros. Davis flied out to right. González hit for Allen. González doubled to deep right. Lindor walked. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lindor out at second, González to third. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Brantley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 11 - Indians 2.	Astros rally vs Miller, pour it on for 11-2 win over Indians