Indians - Top 1st. Duffy pitching for Royals. Lindor singled to shallow center. Brantley singled to deep right center, Lindor to third. Ramírez reached on infield single to shortstop, Lindor scored, Brantley to second. Encarnación struck out swinging. Guyer walked, Brantley to third, Ramírez to second. Alonso hit sacrifice fly to center, Brantley scored. Gomes flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Bieber pitching for Indians. Merrifield lined out to center. Herrera singled to right center. Pérez lined out to left. Duda homered to right (436 feet), Herrera scored. Bonifacio walked. Gordon flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Duffy pitching for Royals. González struck out swinging. Davis lined out to center. Lindor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Bieber pitching for Indians. Dozier flied out to right. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop. Mondesi grounded into fielder's choice to second, Escobar out at second. Mondesi stole second. Merrifield singled to shallow right center, Mondesi scored. Herrera doubled to left, Merrifield scored. Pérez flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Brantley grounded out to pitcher. Ramírez flied out to center. Encarnación popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Bieber pitching for Indians. Duda flied out to left. Bonifacio doubled to shallow left. Gordon grounded out to first, Bonifacio to third. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Guyer grounded out to shortstop. Alonso singled to deep center. Alonso to second on wild pitch by Duffy. Gomes grounded out to third. González grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Bieber pitching for Indians. Escobar lined out to right. Mondesi singled to deep right. Merrifield lined into double play, to first, Mondesi doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Davis grounded out to second. Lindor singled to center. Brantley lined out to left. Ramírez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Bieber pitching for Indians. Herrera singled to left. Pérez struck out swinging. Herrera caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Duda doubled to deep right. Bonifacio flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Encarnación walked. Guyer hit by pitch, Encarnación to second. Alonso reached on infield single to shortstop, Encarnación to third, Guyer to second. Gomes homered to left (369 feet), Encarnación, Guyer and Alonso scored. González grounded out to first. Davis singled to center. Lindor grounded out to pitcher, Davis to second. Brantley grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Bieber pitching for Indians. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Dozier struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. McCarthy pitching for Royals. Ramírez flied out to center. Encarnación grounded out to shortstop. Guyer reached on bunt single to pitcher, Guyer to second on throwing error by pitcher McCarthy. Alonso intentionally walked. Gomes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 7th. Ramírez pitching for Indians. Mondesi struck out swinging. Merrifield popped out to second. Herrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Maurer pitching for Royals. González reached on infield single to shortstop. Davis sacrificed to catcher, González to second. Lindor intentionally walked. Brantley grounded out to second, González to third, Lindor to second. Ramírez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Ramirez pitching for Indians. Pérez hit by pitch. Pérez pitching for Indians. Duda flied out to right. Bonifacio flied out to right. Gordon singled to right, Pérez to second. Allen pitching for Indians. Dozier singled to center, Pérez scored, Gordon to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Encarnación lined out to right. Naquin hit for Guyer. Naquin struck out swinging. Alonso singled to right. Gomes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Naquin in right field. Allen pitching for Indians. Escobar flied out to right. Mondesi reached on infield single to second, Mondesi to second on throwing error by second baseman González. Merrifield walked. Herrera struck out swinging. Pérez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Indians 6 - Royals 4.	Gomes' grand slam helps Indians rally past Royals, 6-4