Twins - Top 1st. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Mauer singled to right. Forsythe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mauer out at second. Rosario flied out to center. Sanó struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Gibson pitching for Twins. Lindor singled to center. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lindor out at second, Brantley to second on throwing error by third baseman Sanó. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop, Brantley to third. Encarnación walked. Alonso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Kepler grounded out to third. Austin struck out swinging. Cave grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Cabrera struck out swinging. Kipnis grounded out to shortstop. Gomes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Garver struck out swinging. Adrianza popped out to shortstop. Mauer doubled to right. Forsythe walked. Rosario flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Allen grounded out to first. Lindor singled to center. Brantley singled to center, Lindor to third. Ramírez hit sacrifice fly to center, Lindor scored, Brantley to second. Encarnación singled to left center, Brantley scored. Alonso grounded into fielder's choice to third, Encarnación out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Sanó struck out swinging. Kepler singled to right. Austin struck out swinging. Cave grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Cabrera walked. Kipnis walked, Cabrera to second. Gomes grounded out to third, Cabrera to third, Kipnis to second. Allen grounded out to third, Cabrera scored. Lindor grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Garver struck out swinging. Adrianza reached on infield single to second. Mauer struck out looking. Forsythe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Brantley singled to center. Brantley to second on wild pitch by Gibson. Ramírez reached on infield single to third. Encarnación struck out swinging. Alonso grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ramírez out at second, Brantley to third. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Rosario flied out to left. Sanó walked. Kepler grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sanó out at second. Austin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Kipnis reached on bunt single to third. Gomes singled to shallow right, Kipnis to third. Allen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kipnis scored, Gomes out at second. Moya pitching for Twins. Lindor singled to center, Allen to second. Brantley lined out to left. Ramírez doubled to deep left center, Allen and Lindor scored. Encarnación singled to left, Ramírez scored. Alonso struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Guyer in right field. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Cave struck out looking. Garver lined out to center. Adrianza flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Drake pitching for Twins. Guyer struck out swinging. Kipnis singled to right center. Gomes struck out swinging. Allen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Mauer grounded out to third. Forsythe struck out swinging. Hand pitching for Indians. Rosario singled to center. Sanó walked, Rosario to second. Kepler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Astudillo at third base. Sanó at first base. Busenitz pitching for Twins. Lindor reached on infield single to third, Lindor to second on throwing error by third baseman Astudillo. González ran for Lindor. Brantley singled to left center, González to third. Ramírez popped out to third. Díaz hit for Encarnación. Díaz grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, González scored, Brantley out at second. Alonso fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 9th. González at shortstop. Otero pitching for Indians. Austin lined out to right. Cave homered to right center (398 feet). Garver singled to center. Adrianza lined out to shortstop. Astudillo grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 1 - Indians 8.	Carrasco strikes out 11, Indians roll past Twins 8-1