Twins - Top 1st. Suter pitching for Brewers. Mauer grounded out to second. Rosario struck out swinging. Dozier struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Gibson pitching for Twins. Miller singled to left. Thames singled to right, Miller to third. Aguilar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Miller scored, Thames out at second. Shaw batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 2nd. Suter pitching for Brewers. Grossman singled to right. Polanco lined out to left. Astudillo singled to center, Grossman to second. Kepler struck out looking. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Braun grounded out to third. Orf popped out to shortstop. Piña flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Suter pitching for Brewers. Gibson singled to center. Mauer doubled to deep center, Gibson to third. Rosario struck out swinging. Dozier grounded out to shortstop, Gibson scored. Grossman flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Broxton struck out swinging. Suter singled to left. Miller struck out swinging. Thames walked, Suter to second. Aguilar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Suter pitching for Brewers. Polanco flied out to right. Astudillo singled to left center. Kepler flied out to left. Astudillo picked off first. Wilson batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Shaw flied out to right. Braun reached on infield single to third. Orf grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Braun out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Suter pitching for Brewers. Wilson flied out to left. Gibson singled to left. Mauer lined out to center. Rosario reached on infield single to shortstop, Gibson to second. Dozier singled to left, Gibson to third, Rosario to second. Grossman homered to left center (391 feet), Gibson, Rosario and Dozier scored. Polanco grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Piña homered to center (416 feet). Broxton doubled to left center. Villar hit for Suter. Villar reached on infield single to second, Broxton to third. Miller singled to center, Broxton scored, Villar to second. Thames lined out to shortstop. Aguilar walked, Villar to third, Miller to second. Shaw struck out looking. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to third, Villar scored on error by third baseman Astudillo, Miller to third, Aguilar to second. Orf flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 6th. Williams pitching for Brewers. Astudillo grounded out to second. Kepler singled to right. Wilson lined out to second. Morrison hit for Gibson. Morrison grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Reed pitching for Twins. Piña struck out swinging. Broxton struck out looking. Williams singled to right. Rogers pitching for Twins. Miller flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Jennings pitching for Brewers. Mauer flied out to center. Rosario grounded out to pitcher. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Duke pitching for Twins. Thames struck out looking. Aguilar singled to right. Shaw grounded into fielder's choice to first, Aguilar out at second. Hildenberger pitching for Twins. Braun fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Jennings pitching for Brewers. Grossman struck out swinging. Polanco flied out to center. Astudillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Hildenberger pitching for Twins. Orf struck out swinging. Piña struck out looking. Broxton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Jennings pitching for Brewers. Kepler singled to right. Barnes pitching for Brewers. Wilson fouled out to third. Escobar hit for Hildenberger. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kepler out at second, Escobar to second on throwing error by shortstop Miller. Mauer safe at first on error by shortstop Miller, Escobar advanced to third on Miller error, Escobar out at home in rundown. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Escobar at third base. Rodney pitching for Twins. Sogard hit for Barnes. Sogard grounded out to shortstop. Miller singled to left. Thames singled to center, Miller to second. Aguilar singled to center, Miller to third, Thames to second. Shaw hit sacrifice fly to center, Miller scored, Thames to third. Braun grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 10th. Knebel pitching for Brewers. Rosario struck out swinging. Dozier grounded out to second. Grossman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 10th. Cave in center field. Kepler in right field. Littell pitching for Twins. Orf hit by pitch. Piña singled to left, Orf to second. Broxton walked, Orf to third, Piña to second. Pérez hit for Knebel. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Orf out at home, Piña to third, Broxton to second. Miller walked, Piña scored, Broxton to third, Pérez to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 5 - Brewers 6.	Miller's bases-loaded walk leads Brewers past Twins, 6-5