Pirates - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Frazier homered to right ( 362 feet ) . Marte struck out looking . Cabrera struck out looking . Bell singled to right . Reynolds struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Pirates . Carpenter flied out to left . Goldschmidt singled to left . DeJong struck out swinging . Ozuna singled to center , Ozuna safe at second on error by center fielder Marte , Goldschmidt to third . Martínez walked . Molina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Moran singled to right center . Cervelli grounded into double play , third to second to first , Moran out at second . Tucker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Fowler popped out to shortstop . Wong reached on infield single to shortstop . Wainwright grounded out to second , Wong to second . Carpenter grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Williams grounded out to shortstop . Frazier struck out looking . Marte lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Goldschmidt singled to right . DeJong struck out swinging . Ozuna singled to left center , Goldschmidt to second . Martínez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ozuna out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera lined out to third . Bell grounded out to first . Reynolds singled to shallow center . Moran singled to center , Reynolds to third . Cervelli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Molina lined out to left . Fowler singled to right center , Fowler safe at second on throwing error by right fielder Cabrera . Wong safe at first on error by shortstop Tucker , Fowler safe at third on error by shortstop Tucker . Wainwright sacrificed to pitcher , Wong to second . Carpenter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Tucker grounded out to shortstop . Williams struck out swinging . Frazier struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Goldschmidt grounded out to pitcher . DeJong popped out to third . Ozuna flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Marte struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to second . Bell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Martínez grounded out to pitcher . Molina flied out to center . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . Moran fouled out to third . Cervelli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Wong flied out to center . Muñoz hit for Wainwright . Muñoz reached on infield single to catcher . Carpenter flied out to left . Goldschmidt singled to shallow right , Muñoz to third . DeJong reached on infield single to first , Muñoz scored , Goldschmidt to second . Ozuna flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Tucker singled to left . Newman hit for Williams . Newman singled to right , Tucker to third . Frazier struck out swinging . Marte singled to right , Tucker scored , Newman to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Marte out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Crick pitching for Pirates . Martínez walked . Molina singled to right center , Martínez to third . Fowler struck out swinging . Wong grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Hicks pitching for Cardinals . Bader in center field . Bell reached on infield single to shortstop . Reynolds struck out swinging . Moran walked , Bell to second . Cervelli struck out swinging . Tucker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moran out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Vázquez pitching for Pirates . Bader grounded out to second . Carpenter flied out to left . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 2 - Cardinals 1 .	Frazier , Williams lead Pirates to 2 - 1 win over Cardinals