Cardinals - Top 1st . Keller pitching for Royals . Fowler flied out to left . Edman grounded out to second . Goldschmidt lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Merrifield grounded out to second . Gordon grounded out to second . Dozier reached on infield single to shortstop . Soler walked , Dozier to second . Cuthbert grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Keller pitching for Royals . Ozuna safe at first on error by first baseman O'Hearn . DeJong grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ozuna out at second . Carpenter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . O'Hearn singled to right . Starling grounded into double play , third to second to first , O'Hearn out at second . Viloria doubled to deep center . Lopez fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Keller pitching for Royals . Molina popped out to second . Wong walked . Arozarena struck out swinging . Fowler walked , Wong to second . Edman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Merrifield lined out to right . Gordon grounded out to first . Dozier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Keller pitching for Royals . Goldschmidt lined out to right . Ozuna flied out to left . DeJong flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Soler struck out looking . Cuthbert lined out to center . O'Hearn doubled to right center . Starling grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Keller pitching for Royals . Carpenter lined out to center . Molina flied out to center . Wong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Viloria struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Merrifield singled to shallow center . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Merrifield out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Keller pitching for Royals . Arozarena grounded out to third . Fowler walked . Edman struck out looking . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Dozier struck out swinging . Soler walked . Cuthbert grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Soler out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Keller pitching for Royals . Ozuna singled to left . DeJong singled to right , Ozuna to second . Carpenter singled to center , Ozuna scored , DeJong to second . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Molina singled to left , DeJong scored , Carpenter to second . Wong reached on bunt single to catcher , Molina to second , Carpenter to third . Arozarena reached on infield single to shortstop , Carpenter scored , Wong to second , Molina to third . Fowler hit sacrifice fly to center , Molina scored , Wong to third . Edman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wong scored , Arozarena out at second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . O'Hearn struck out swinging . Starling grounded out to shortstop . Viloria grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Staumont pitching for Royals . Ozuna lined out to right . DeJong homered to left ( 431 feet ) . Carpenter grounded out to first . Molina lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Lopez flied out to center . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Merrifield lined out to center . Gordon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Wong struck out swinging . Arozarena singled to right . Fowler struck out swinging . Edman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Arozarena out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Fernandez pitching for Cardinals . Dozier grounded out to shortstop . Soler grounded out to third . Cuthbert struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Royals 0 .	Hudson solid , Cardinals crack Keller in 6 - 0 rout of Royals