Cubs - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Pierre grounded out to second. Cedeno singled to center. Walker struck out looking. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cedeno out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Maddux pitching for Cubs. Counsell singled to right center. Byrnes struck out swinging. Counsell stole second. Tracy struck out looking. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Murton grounded out to pitcher. Jones singled to center. Barrett singled to left, Jones to second. Perez flied into double play, left to second, Jones doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Maddux pitching for Cubs. Jackson doubled to deep center. Green grounded out to first, Jackson to third. Estrada hit sacrifice fly to center, Jackson scored. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Maddux grounded out to third. Pierre walked. Cedeno singled to right, Pierre to third. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cedeno out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Maddux pitching for Cubs. Batista singled to right. Counsell lined out to shortstop. Byrnes doubled to left, Batista to third. Tracy homered to left center, Batista and Byrnes scored. Gonzalez lined out to first. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez doubled to deep left center. Murton popped out to second. Jones singled to right, Ramirez to third. Barrett walked, Jones to second. Perez popped out to shortstop. Maddux walked, Ramirez scored, Jones to third, Barrett to second. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Maddux pitching for Cubs. Green singled to right. Estrada singled to center, Green to second. Hudson struck out swinging. Batista struck out bunting foul. Counsell fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Cedeno singled to center. Walker flied out to left. Cedeno stole second. Ramirez popped out to second. Murton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Maddux pitching for Cubs. Byrnes singled to right. Byrnes stole second, Byrnes safe at third on throwing error by catcher Barrett. Tracy hit sacrifice fly to center, Byrnes scored. Gonzalez singled to right. Jackson flied out to left. Green singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Estrada struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 6th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones walked. Barrett grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jones out at second. Williamson pitching for Cubs. Perez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Barrett out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Williamson pitching for Cubs. Hudson grounded out to first. Batista grounded out to first. Counsell reached on infield single to pitcher. Counsell stole second, Counsell safe at third on throwing error by catcher Barrett. Bynum hit for Williamson. Byrnes lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 7th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Bynum grounded out to second. Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop. Ohman pitching for Cubs. Cedeno grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Pierre out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Ohman pitching for Cubs. Tracy struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Jackson singled to right. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Green grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker grounded out to third. Ramirez grounded out to second. Murton singled to center. Howry pitching for Cubs. Jones flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Howry pitching for Cubs. Estrada popped out to shortstop. Easley hit for Aquino. Hudson flied out to left. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Easley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Barrett walked. Mabry hit for Howry. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez reached on infield single to shortstop, Barrett to second. Mabry struck out swinging. Pierre walked, Barrett to third, Perez to second. Cedeno struck out swinging. Walker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 1 - Diamondbacks 5.	Maddux loses first of year, now 1-9 vs. D-Backs