White Sox - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Podsednik singled to center. Iguchi struck out swinging. Konerko struck out swinging. Dye doubled to right center, Podsednik scored. Pierzynski singled to left, Dye scored, Pierzynski to second advancing on throw. Cintron popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Pierre singled to right. Cedeno reached on bunt single to first, Pierre to second. Lee doubled to center, Pierre scored, Cedeno to third, Cedeno scored, Lee to third on throwing error by center fielder Mackowiak. Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to left, Lee scored. Barrett homered to left center. Pagan grounded out to shortstop. Murton doubled to deep right. Perez doubled to left, Murton scored. Zambrano homered to left, Perez scored. Pierre struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Mackowiak grounded out to second. Uribe popped out to second. Buehrle grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Cedeno struck out swinging. Lee grounded out to catcher. Ramirez fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Podsednik struck out swinging. Iguchi fouled out to right. Konerko grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Barrett singled to center. Pagan fouled out to first. Murton popped out to third. Perez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Dye grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski walked. Pierzynski to second on wild pitch by Zambrano. Cintron hit by pitch. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Uribe homered to center, Pierzynski and Cintron scored. Buehrle grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Zambrano flied out to right. Pierre singled to center. Pierre caught stealing second, catcher to second to first to shortstop. Cedeno singled to center. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. Iguchi walked. Konerko struck out swinging. Dye flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Ramirez safe at first on error by third baseman Cintron. Barrett singled to center, Ramirez to second. Pagan singled to center, Ramirez to third, Barrett to second. Murton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez scored, Pagan out at second, Barrett to third. Perez homered to center, Barrett and Murton scored. Zambrano struck out swinging. Pierre grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop. Cintron flied out to left. Mackowiak walked. Riske pitching for White Sox. Uribe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Riske pitching for White Sox. Cedeno popped out to shortstop. Lee singled to left. Ramirez struck out swinging. Thome hit for Riske. Barrett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Thome homered to right center. Podsednik doubled to shallow center. Novoa pitching for Cubs. Iguchi singled to center, Podsednik to third. Konerko singled to right, Podsednik scored, Iguchi to second. Dye struck out looking. Pierzynski flied out to left. Politte pitching for White Sox. Crede at third base. Cintron grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Konerko out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Politte pitching for White Sox. Pagan homered to right. Murton reached on infield single to third. Jones hit for Novoa. Perez flied out to center. Murton stole second. Jones doubled to deep center, Murton scored. Pierre grounded out to second, Jones to third. Pagan in left field. Williamson pitching for Cubs. Jones in right field. Cedeno grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Williamson pitching for Cubs. Mackowiak tripled to deep center. Uribe struck out swinging. Crede homered to left, Mackowiak scored. Eyre pitching for Cubs. Podsednik struck out looking. Howry pitching for Cubs. Walker at second base. Perez at shortstop. Iguchi homered to right. Konerko fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Politte pitching for White Sox. Lee struck out swinging. Ramirez flied out to right. Barrett singled to center. Pagan homered to center, Barrett scored. Walker singled to right. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Walker out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Howry pitching for Cubs. Dye singled to left. Gload hit for Politte. Pierzynski fouled out to first. Gload singled to left, Dye to second. Mackowiak singled to left, Dye to third, Gload to second. Uribe hit sacrifice fly to right, Dye scored, Gload to third. Crede grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mackowiak out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 11 - Cubs 15.	Cubs trample Buerhle in first, hold on to beat ChiSox