Reds - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Pirates. Winker reached on infield single to shortstop. Suárez struck out looking. Votto singled to center, Winker to second. Gennett lined into double play, left to second to first, Votto doubled off first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Castillo pitching for Reds. Harrison flied out to center. Polanco flied out to left. Marte singled to left. Marte stole second. Bell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Duvall fouled out to first. Mesoraco grounded out to first. Peraza struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Castillo pitching for Reds. Dickerson doubled to deep center. Cervelli grounded out to first, Dickerson to third. Moran doubled to deep right, Dickerson scored. Mercer doubled to shallow left, Moran scored. Williams grounded out to pitcher, Mercer to third. Harrison struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Castillo doubled to deep center. Castillo to third on wild pitch by Williams. Hamilton walked. Winker reached on infield single to first, Castillo scored, Hamilton to second. Suárez struck out looking. Votto singled to center, Hamilton scored, Winker to second, Winker to third on error by center fielder Marte. Gennett lined out to third. Duvall struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Castillo pitching for Reds. Polanco grounded out to first. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Bell walked. Dickerson singled to right, Bell to second. Cervelli walked, Bell to third, Dickerson to second. Moran singled to center, Bell and Dickerson scored, Cervelli to third. Mercer grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Mesoraco flied out to center. Peraza flied out to right. Castillo singled to left. Hamilton singled to shallow left, Castillo to second. Winker singled to left, Castillo to third, Hamilton to second. Suárez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Castillo pitching for Reds. Williams grounded out to pitcher. Harrison flied out to center. Polanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Votto flied out to center. Gennett lined out to left. Duvall grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Castillo pitching for Reds. Marte struck out swinging. Bell walked. Dickerson flied out to center. Cervelli popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Mesoraco popped out to second. Peraza reached on infield single to shortstop. Pennington hit for Castillo. Pennington singled to center, Peraza to second. Santana pitching for Pirates. Hamilton grounded out to catcher, Peraza to third, Pennington to second. Winker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Gallardo pitching for Reds. Moran singled to left. Mercer doubled to deep right, Moran to third. Frazier hit for Santana. Frazier grounded out to first. Harrison singled to center, Moran scored, Mercer to third. Harrison stole second. Polanco walked. Marte tripled to deep right center, Mercer, Harrison and Polanco scored. Bell walked. Brice pitching for Reds. Dickerson doubled to deep right, Marte and Bell scored, Dickerson out stretching at third. Cervelli flied out to left. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Smoker pitching for Pirates. Suárez singled to left. Votto grounded into fielder's choice to second, Suárez out at second. Gennett grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Votto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Ervin in left field. Duvall at first base. Brice pitching for Reds. Moran singled to center. Mercer singled to left center, Moran to second. Freese hit for Smoker. Freese hit into fielder's choice to right, Mercer out at second, Moran to third. Harrison singled to left center, Moran scored, Freese to third. Polanco doubled to deep center, Freese and Harrison scored. Marte safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Duvall, Polanco scored. Bell lined into double play, center to shortstop to second, Marte doubled off second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 8th. Holmes pitching for Pirates. Duvall walked. Mesoraco grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Duvall out at second. Peraza reached on infield single to third. Gosselin hit for Brice. Gosselin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Hughes pitching for Reds. Suárez at shortstop. Gosselin at third base. Dickerson hit by pitch. Cervelli walked, Dickerson to second. Moran grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cervelli out at second, Dickerson to third. Mercer struck out swinging. Holmes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Holmes pitching for Pirates. Hamilton walked. Winker grounded out to first, Hamilton to second. Suárez lined out to right. Ervin singled to left, Hamilton scored. Ervin to second on fielder's indifference. Gennett struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 3 - Pirates 14.	Moran and Marte lead streaking Pirates over Reds 14-3