Pirates - Top 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison flied out to center. Meadows struck out swinging. Marte doubled to left. Freese reached on infield single to first, Marte scored. Dickerson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Descalso flied out to center. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Lamb grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Díaz singled to right center. Bell struck out swinging. Mercer struck out swinging. Musgrove flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Murphy singled to center. Peralta reached on infield single to second, Murphy to second. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Peralta out at second, Murphy to third. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Murphy out at home, Marte to second. Ahmed flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison grounded out to third. Meadows lined out to right. Marte grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Corbin grounded out to second. Descalso grounded out to second. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Freese grounded out to third. Dickerson struck out swinging. Díaz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Lamb hit by pitch. Murphy flied out to left. Peralta flied out to left. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Bell walked. Mercer doubled to right, Bell to third. Musgrove struck out swinging. Harrison intentionally walked. Meadows doubled to left, Bell and Mercer scored, Harrison to third. Marte singled to right, Harrison and Meadows scored. Freese grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Marte out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Owings struck out swinging. Ahmed struck out swinging. Corbin singled to right. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson lined out to right. Díaz singled to left center. Bell walked, Díaz to second. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer flied into double play, center to shortstop to first, Bell doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Goldschmidt singled to center. Lamb grounded out to second, Goldschmidt to second. Murphy hit by pitch. Peralta flied out to center, Goldschmidt to third. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Musgrove grounded out to third. Harrison hit by pitch. Meadows flied out to center. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harrison out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Owings hit by pitch. Owings to second on wild pitch by Musgrove. Ahmed singled to center, Owings scored. Shipley safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Freese, Ahmed to second. Santana pitching for Pirates. Descalso singled to right, Ahmed scored, Shipley to third. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Lamb homered to left (374 feet), Shipley and Descalso scored. Murphy struck out swinging. Peralta fouled out to third. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 8th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Freese singled to right. Dickerson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freese out at second. Díaz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Dickerson out at second. Bell walked, Díaz to second. Mercer reached on infield single to shortstop, Díaz to third, Bell to second. Moran hit for Santana. Moran flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Rodríguez at second base. Crick pitching for Pirates. Marte singled to right center. Owings walked, Marte to second. Marte stole third. Marte scored, Owings to second on wild pitch by Crick. Owings to third on balk by Crick. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Jay hit for Bradley. Neverauskas pitching for Pirates. Jay walked. Descalso tripled to deep right center, Owings and Jay scored. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Descalso scored on Neverauskas' wild pitch. Lamb grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Peralta in left field. Jay in right field. Boxberger pitching for Diamondbacks. Rodríguez hit by pitch. Meadows grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rodríguez out at second. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 5 - Diamondbacks 9.	Diamondbacks score on late wild pitches to beat Pirates 9-5