Pirates - Top 1st. Kluber pitching for Indians. Dickerson singled to left. Marte flied out to center. Polanco grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Dickerson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Pirates. Lindor flied out to center. Brantley flied out to right. Ramírez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Díaz flied out to center. Moran singled to deep right. Bell grounded into fielder's choice to second, Moran out at second. Freese safe at first on error by first baseman Alonso, Bell to third. Harrison homered to left (430 feet), Bell and Freese scored. Mercer doubled to left. Dickerson walked. Marte singled to right, Mercer scored, Dickerson to third, Marte to second advancing on throw. Polanco flied out to right. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Díaz grounded out to shortstop. Alonso lined out to center. Cabrera singled to right. Kipnis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Díaz flied out to center. Moran struck out swinging. Bell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Gomes grounded out to third. Naquin grounded out to third. Lindor flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Freese grounded out to third. Harrison singled to center. Mercer singled to right, Harrison to second. Dickerson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mercer out at second, Harrison to third. Marte singled to center, Harrison scored, Dickerson to second. Polanco tripled to deep left center, Dickerson and Marte scored. Díaz struck out looking. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Brantley grounded out to first. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. Díaz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Moran struck out swinging. Bell singled to center. Freese grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bell out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Alonso walked. Cabrera flied out to left. Kipnis reached on infield single to pitcher, Alonso to second. Gomes popped out to second. Naquin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kipnis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Harrison struck out swinging. Mercer lined out to center. Dickerson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Lindor grounded out to shortstop. Brantley singled to right. Brantley to second on wild pitch by Williams. Ramírez walked. Díaz singled to left, Brantley to third, Ramírez to second. Alonso struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Marte batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 7 - Indians 0.	Harrison, Polanco power Pirates past Indians, Kluber 7-0