Cardinals - Top 1st. Archer pitching for Pirates. Carpenter homered to right center (406 feet). Molina flied out to right. DeJong hit by pitch. Ozuna popped out to first. O'Neill struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Frazier doubled to right. Marte reached on infield single to pitcher, Frazier to third. Polanco tripled to deep right, Frazier and Marte scored. Freese grounded out to shortstop. Moran hit sacrifice fly to left, Polanco scored. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Archer pitching for Pirates. Gyorko walked. Fowler singled to right, Gyorko to second. Muñoz doubled to right, Gyorko scored, Fowler to third. Gant struck out swinging. Carpenter intentionally walked. Molina struck out swinging. DeJong struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Harrison struck out swinging. Mercer struck out swinging. Archer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Archer pitching for Pirates. Ozuna doubled to deep left. O'Neill struck out looking. Gyorko grounded out to shortstop, Ozuna to third. Fowler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Frazier singled to right. Marte doubled to left, Frazier to third. Polanco hit sacrifice fly to center, Frazier scored. Freese grounded out to second, Marte to third. Moran walked. Cervelli singled to center, Marte scored, Moran to third. Harrison singled to left, Moran scored, Cervelli to second. Mercer lined out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Archer pitching for Pirates. Muñoz walked. Gant bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Muñoz out at second. Carpenter flied out to left. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Archer struck out swinging. Frazier struck out swinging. Marte singled to left center. Polanco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Archer pitching for Pirates. DeJong walked. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeJong safe at second on error by shortstop Mercer. O'Neill singled to center, Ozuna out at third, DeJong to third. Gyorko singled to right center, DeJong scored, O'Neill to third. Fowler singled to shallow right center, O'Neill scored, Gyorko to second. Santana pitching for Pirates. Muñoz singled to left, Gyorko to third, Fowler to second. Martínez hit for Gant. Martínez grounded out to third, Gyorko scored, Fowler to third, Muñoz to second. Carpenter intentionally walked. Molina grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Freese singled to left. Moran struck out swinging. Cervelli flied out to center. Harrison popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Santana pitching for Pirates. DeJong fouled out to third. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. O'Neill singled to center. Gyorko singled to left, O'Neill to second. Fowler walked, O'Neill to third, Gyorko to second. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Muñoz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Mercer flied out to center. Bostick hit for Rodríguez. Bostick struck out swinging. Frazier lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Kela pitching for Pirates. Garcia hit for Brebbia. Garcia lined out to center. Carpenter hit ground rule double to right. Molina struck out swinging. DeJong singled to deep right, Carpenter thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Marte popped out to first. Polanco flied out to center. Freese singled to right. Moran grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Crick pitching for Pirates. Ozuna hit by pitch. O'Neill singled to center, Ozuna to third, O'Neill to second advancing on throw. Gyorko grounded out to second, Ozuna scored, O'Neill to third. Fowler grounded into fielder's choice to first, O'Neill out at home. Muñoz singled to center, Fowler to second. Bader hit for Webb. Bader grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Carpenter at third base. Molina at first base. Gyorko at second base. Peña catching. Muñoz in right field. Hicks pitching for Cardinals. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. Harrison reached on infield single to third. Mercer walked, Harrison to second. Osuna hit for Crick. Osuna struck out swinging. Frazier singled to center, Harrison scored, Mercer to second. Marte flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Luplow in left field. Vázquez pitching for Pirates. Carpenter flied out to center. Molina singled to right. DeJong struck out swinging. Ozuna flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 6 - Pirates 7.	Frazier's RBI single in 8th lifts Pirates past Cardinals 7-6