Pirates - Top 1st. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Marte struck out swinging. Frazier grounded out to third. Polanco lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Nova pitching for Pirates. Carpenter reached on infield single to first. Carpenter to second on wild pitch by Nova. Molina grounded out to second, Carpenter to third. Martínez homered to left (402 feet), Carpenter scored. O'Neill grounded out to third. DeJong flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Cervelli popped out to second. Dickerson popped out to third. Bell popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Nova pitching for Pirates. Gyorko lined out to center. Bader grounded out to third. Garcia lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Moran struck out swinging. Hechavarria flied out to left. Nova struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Nova pitching for Pirates. Flaherty singled to center. Carpenter lined out to center. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Flaherty out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Marte flied out to center. Frazier grounded out to first. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Nova pitching for Pirates. Martínez singled to center. O'Neill homered to left center (436 feet), Martínez scored. DeJong struck out swinging. Gyorko walked. Bader reached on infield single to third, Gyorko to second. Garcia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bader out at second, Gyorko to third. Flaherty walked, Garcia to second. Brault pitching for Pirates. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Cervelli singled to left center. Dickerson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cervelli out at second. Bell doubled to right. Moran singled to center, Bell scored, Moran thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Brault pitching for Pirates. Molina doubled to left. Martínez lined out to center. O'Neill struck out swinging. DeJong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Hechavarria struck out swinging. Brault grounded out to shortstop. Marte flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Brault pitching for Pirates. Gyorko grounded out to shortstop. Bader hit by pitch. Garcia lined out to left. Flaherty struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Frazier grounded out to second. Polanco flied out to right. Cervelli singled to center. Dickerson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Brault pitching for Pirates. Carpenter singled to center. Molina struck out swinging. Martínez struck out swinging. O'Neill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Muñoz in right field. Hicks pitching for Cardinals. Bell walked. Moran singled to right, Bell to third. Hechavarria grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bell scored, Moran out at second. Harrison hit for Brault. Harrison walked. Marte reached on infield single to third, Harrison to second. Hudson pitching for Cardinals. Frazier grounded into fielder's choice to second, Marte out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Harrison at second base. Crick pitching for Pirates. DeJong hit by pitch. Gyorko doubled to deep left, DeJong to third. Gant ran for Gyorko. Bader struck out swinging. Garcia singled to shallow center, DeJong scored, Gant to third. Adams hit for Hudson. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gant out at home, Garcia to second. Carpenter struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Wisdom at third base. Norris pitching for Cardinals. Polanco grounded out to third. Cervelli hit by pitch. Dickerson grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Cervelli out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 2 - Cardinals 5.	Martinez, O'Neill HR, Shildt a winner as Cards beat Pirates