Dodgers - Top 1st . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Crawford flied out to center . Hairston Jr. singled to right . Kemp grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hairston Jr. out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Magill pitching for Dodgers . Pagan doubled to shallow center . Scutaro walked . Sandoval walked , Pagan to third , Scutaro to second . Posey hit ground rule double to deep left , Pagan and Scutaro scored , Sandoval to third . Pence struck out swinging . Blanco reached on infield single to shortstop , Sandoval scored . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Blanco out at second , Posey to third . Belt walked , Crawford to second . Vogelsong struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Ethier struck out swinging . Ellis grounded out to second . Schumaker singled to right center . Uribe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schumaker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Magill pitching for Dodgers . Pagan flied out to center . Scutaro singled to center . Sandoval singled to right center , Scutaro to third . Scutaro scored , Sandoval to second on wild pitch by Magill . Posey walked . Pence singled to left , Sandoval to third , Posey to second . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Blanco hit sacrifice fly to left , Sandoval scored . Crawford grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Gordon fouled out to left . Howell struck out looking . Crawford singled to center . Hairston Jr. hit by pitch , Crawford to second . Kemp flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Belt flied out to left . Vogelsong singled to center . Pagan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vogelsong out at second . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Ethier struck out looking . Ellis homered to center ( 413 feet ) . Schumaker struck out swinging . Uribe singled to center . Gordon flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Sandoval singled to shallow left . Posey singled to right center , Sandoval to second . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Posey out at second , Sandoval to third . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sandoval scored , Pence out at second . Blanco to second on wild pitch by Howell . Crawford struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Punto hit for Howell . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Punto walked . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Punto out at second . Hairston Jr. hit ground rule double to deep center , Crawford to third . Kemp singled to center , Crawford and Hairston Jr. scored . Ethier flied out to center . Ellis walked , Kemp to second . Schumaker singled to left , Kemp scored , Ellis to second . Uribe singled to left , Ellis scored , Schumaker to second . Machi pitching for Giants . Torres in left field . Gordon tripled to deep right center , Schumaker and Uribe scored . Punto doubled to deep right , Gordon scored . Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop , Punto to third . Crawford stole second . Hairston Jr. struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Uribe at first base . Punto at third base . Belt struck out swinging . Torres homered to center ( 421 feet ) . Pagan popped out to third . Scutaro walked . Sandoval flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Peguero in left field . Torres in center field . Machi pitching for Giants . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . Ethier singled to left center . Ellis singled to center , Ethier to second . Schumaker lined out to left . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Posey walked . Pence singled to left , Posey to second . Arias hit for Machi . Arias hit by pitch , Posey to third , Pence to second . Cruz at first base . Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers . Crawford struck out swinging . Belt struck out swinging . Posey scored , Pence to third , Arias to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Torres grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Giants . Gordon walked . Punto sacrificed to catcher , Gordon to second . Gordon stole third . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gordon scored . Kontos pitching for Giants . Cruz flied out to right . Kemp popped out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Peguero doubled to deep center . Scutaro singled to right , Peguero to third . Sandoval hit sacrifice fly to right , Peguero scored . Posey grounded out to pitcher , Scutaro to second . Pence grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Ethier walked . Ellis bunted into double play , first to shortstop to second , Ethier out at second . Schumaker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Noonan hit for Affeldt . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Noonan grounded out to pitcher . Crawford flied out to left . Belt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Sellers hit for Belisario . Sellers struck out looking . Gordon singled to left . Gordon stole second . Punto struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . League pitching for Dodgers . Torres walked . Peguero grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Torres out at second . Peguero stole second . Scutaro walked . Sandoval reached on infield single to third , Peguero to third , Scutaro to second . Posey grounded into double play , second to first , Sandoval out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 10th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Kemp struck out swinging . Ethier walked . Ellis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 10th . League pitching for Dodgers . Pence struck out swinging . Quiroz hit for Casilla . Quiroz homered to left ( 383 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 9 - Giants 10 .	Giants get walk - off HR for 2nd straight night