Marlins - Top 1st . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Hechavarria grounded out to third . Diaz grounded out to second . Polanco flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Slowey pitching for Marlins . Crawford flied out to left . Gordon popped out to shortstop . Gonzalez singled to right . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Ruggiano grounded out to shortstop . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Olivo walked . Dobbs grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Slowey pitching for Marlins . Ethier doubled to center . Ellis sacrificed to pitcher , Ethier to third . Schumaker singled to right , Ethier scored . Uribe singled to left , Schumaker to second . Ryu sacrificed to pitcher , Schumaker to third , Uribe to second . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Green struck out swinging . Slowey continues to bat after dropped foul ball by first baseman Gonzalez . Slowey struck out swinging . Hechavarria singled to center . Diaz popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Slowey pitching for Marlins . Gordon homered to right ( 388 feet ) . Gonzalez singled to right . Kemp singled to right , Gonzalez to second . Ethier singled to right , Gonzalez to third , Kemp to second , Kemp out at second over running base . Ethier batting . Ellis walked , Ethier to second . Schumaker grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Gonzalez scored , Ethier out at third , Ellis to second . Uribe walked , Ellis to third , Schumaker to second . Ryu grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Polanco doubled to deep left . Ruggiano grounded out to third , Polanco to third . Ozuna struck out swinging . Olivo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Slowey pitching for Marlins . Crawford flied out to second . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Dobbs walked . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Dobbs out at second . Slowey sacrificed to pitcher , Green to second . Hechavarria walked . Diaz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Slowey pitching for Marlins . Kemp flied out to center . Ethier singled to right center . Ellis singled to right , Ethier to third . Schumaker singled to right , Ethier scored , Ellis to third . Uribe hit sacrifice fly to left , Ellis scored . Schumaker stole second . Ryu walked . Rauch pitching for Marlins . Crawford singled to center , Schumaker thrown out at home , Ryu to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Polanco singled to left . Ruggiano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Polanco out at second . Ozuna grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ruggiano out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Rauch pitching for Marlins . Gordon grounded out to first . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Kemp grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Olivo homered to left ( 402 feet ) . Dobbs grounded out to shortstop . Green lined out to left . Coghlan singled to right . Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers . Hechavarria lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Ethier doubled to deep right . Ellis struck out swinging . Schumaker walked . Uribe singled to center , Ethier scored , Schumaker to third . Schumaker scored , Uribe to second on passed ball by Olivo . Punto struck out looking . Crawford flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Guerrier pitching for Dodgers . Diaz lined out to right . Polanco popped out to shortstop . Ruggiano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Gordon walked . Cruz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gordon out at second . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Ozuna grounded out to pitcher . Skipworth struck out swinging . Dobbs lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 1 - Dodgers 7 .	Ethier tallies 4 hits in Dodgers ' rout