Dodgers - Top 1st . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Crawford singled to left . Crawford stole second . Ellis grounded out to second , Crawford to third . Gonzalez lined out to second . Kemp singled to right center , Crawford scored . Van Slyke grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Aoki singled to left . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Aoki out at second . Braun walked , Segura to second . Lucroy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Braun out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Punto singled to left . Uribe singled to center , Punto to second . Hernandez reached on infield single to pitcher , Punto to third , Uribe to second . Ryu struck out swinging . Crawford singled to right , Punto and Uribe scored , Hernandez to second . Ellis singled to left , Hernandez to third , Crawford to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernandez scored , Crawford to third , Ellis safe at second on error by shortstop Segura . Kemp struck out swinging . Van Slyke walked , Crawford scored , Ellis to third , Gonzalez to second . Punto walked , Ellis scored , Gonzalez to third , Van Slyke to second . Figaro pitching for Brewers . Uribe flied out to right . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Gomez singled to left . Betancourt singled to center , Gomez thrown out at third , Betancourt to second advancing on throw . Weeks grounded out to shortstop , Betancourt to third . Bianchi grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Figaro pitching for Brewers . Hernandez homered to right ( 355 feet ) . Ryu struck out swinging . Crawford popped out to shortstop . Ellis lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Figaro struck out looking . Aoki safe at first on error by shortstop Punto . Segura struck out looking . Braun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 4th . Figaro pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Kemp struck out swinging . Van Slyke doubled to deep left . Punto grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Gomez struck out swinging . Betancourt walked . Weeks struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Figaro pitching for Brewers . Uribe grounded out to third . Hernandez walked . Ryu struck out swinging . Crawford walked , Hernandez to second . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Bianchi lined out to right . Gonzalez hit for Figaro . Gonzalez singled to right center . Aoki grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez flied out to left . Kemp singled to center . Van Slyke grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kemp out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Segura grounded out to second . Braun homered to left ( 403 feet ) . Lucroy flied out to right . Gomez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Punto grounded out to second . Uribe popped out to second . Hernandez walked . Ryu flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Betancourt grounded out to pitcher . Weeks flied out to center . Bianchi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Brewers . Crawford grounded out to second . Ellis flied out to center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Maldonado hit for Rodriguez . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Maldonado flied out to right . Aoki reached on infield single to shortstop . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Segura singled to left , Aoki to second . Braun grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Segura out at second , Aoki to third . Lucroy singled to right , Aoki scored , Braun to third . Lucroy stole second . Gomez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Kemp walked . Kemp stole second . Van Slyke doubled to left , Kemp scored . Punto singled to center , Van Slyke to third . Uribe grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Van Slyke scored , Punto out at second . Hernandez grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . League pitching for Dodgers . Betancourt flied out to left . Weeks reached on infield single to second . Bianchi grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Weeks out at second . Schafer hit for Kintzler . Schafer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 9 - Brewers 2 .	Mattingly critical of Dodgers