Dodgers - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford grounded out to first . Puig grounded out to first . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Bautista grounded out to pitcher . Encarnacion singled to left . Lind singled to right center , Encarnacion to second . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez struck out swinging . Ethier hit ground rule double to deep center . Ellis homered to center ( 428 feet ) , Ethier scored . Schumaker lined out to first . Uribe hit by pitch . Ellis singled to shallow right , Uribe to second . Crawford singled to center , Uribe scored , Ellis to second , Ellis to third on throwing error by center fielder Rasmus . Puig singled to center , Ellis scored , Crawford to second . Gonzalez walked , Crawford to third , Puig to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . DeRosa singled to left . Rasmus flied out to center . Arencibia struck out swinging . Lawrie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DeRosa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Blue Jays . Ethier doubled to right . Ellis singled to shallow center , Ethier scored . Ellis to second on wild pitch by Johnson . Schumaker reached first base on catcher 's interference . Schumaker batting . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Uribe lined out to second . Ellis flied out to right . Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop , Ellis to third , Schumaker to second . Puig struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Reyes flied out to left . Bautista grounded out to third . Encarnacion reached on infield single to shortstop . Lind walked , Encarnacion to second . Cabrera singled to center , Encarnacion scored , Lind to second . DeRosa singled to right , Lind scored , Cabrera to third . Rasmus struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez walked . Ramirez singled to deep left , Gonzalez to third . Ethier grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Gonzalez scored , Ramirez out at second . Ellis safe at first on error by first baseman Lind . Schumaker grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Arencibia struck out looking . Lawrie walked . Reyes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lawrie out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . Ellis singled to left . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ellis safe at second on throwing error by pitcher McGowan . Puig flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Bautista flied out to right . Encarnacion singled to center . Lind grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Encarnacion out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez walked . Ethier safe at first on error by first baseman Lind , Ramirez to third . Ellis singled to center , Ramirez scored , Ethier to second . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Schumaker singled to shallow center , Ethier to third , Ellis to second . Uribe grounded out to shortstop , Ethier scored , Ellis to third , Schumaker to second . Ellis hit sacrifice fly to center , Ellis scored , Schumaker to third . Crawford singled to center , Schumaker scored . Puig struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera singled to center . DeRosa lined out to right . Rasmus singled to shallow right , Cabrera to second . Dominguez pitching for Dodgers . Arencibia reached on infield single to shortstop , Cabrera to third , Rasmus to second . Lawrie grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera scored , Arencibia out at second , Rasmus to third . Rasmus scored , Lawrie to second on wild pitch by Dominguez . Reyes fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez walked . Ramirez doubled to shallow left , Gonzalez to third . Ethier struck out swinging . Ellis singled to shallow right , Gonzalez scored , Ramirez to third . Schumaker homered to right ( 399 feet ) , Ramirez and Ellis scored . Uribe struck out looking . Ellis flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Hairston Jr. in left field . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Bautista popped out to second . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Lind grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Davis in right field . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Hairston Jr. flied out to center . Puig hit by pitch . Gonzalez flied out to right . Ramirez lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera grounded out to third . DeRosa hit ground rule double to right . Rasmus singled to right , DeRosa scored . Arencibia flied out to center . Lawrie struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Ethier struck out looking . Ellis grounded out to second . Schumaker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Federowicz at first base . Withrow pitching for Dodgers . Bonifacio hit for Reyes . Bonifacio singled to center . Davis flied out to right . Thole hit for Encarnacion . Thole struck out swinging . Lind struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 14 - Blue Jays 5 .	Ellis ' career - best 5 RBIs keep Dodgers hot