Dodgers - Top 1st . Turner pitching for Marlins . Crawford flied out to center . Ellis flied out to right . Gonzalez doubled to deep right center . Ramirez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Yelich doubled to left . Solano grounded out to second , Yelich to third . Stanton grounded out to second , Yelich scored . Morrison grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Turner pitching for Marlins . Ethier reached on infield single to second . Uribe singled to center , Ethier to third . Schumaker grounded into double play , first to catcher to third , Ethier out at home , Uribe to second . Federowicz intentionally walked . Capuano grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Lucas lined out to center . Ruggiano struck out looking . Hechavarria grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Turner pitching for Marlins . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Ellis singled to right . Gonzalez lined out to left . Ellis to second on wild pitch by Turner . Ramirez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Mathis singled to left . Turner sacrificed to third , Mathis to second . Yelich grounded out to third . Solano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Turner pitching for Marlins . Ethier singled to right . Uribe singled to left , Ethier to second . Schumaker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Uribe out at second , Ethier to third . Federowicz intentionally walked . Capuano walked , Federowicz to second . Crawford reached on infield single to second , Ethier scored , Federowicz to third , Capuano to second . Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop , Federowicz scored , Capuano to third , Crawford to second , Capuano scored , Crawford to third on throwing error by shortstop Hechavarria . Gonzalez singled to right , Crawford scored , Ellis to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Stanton singled to left . Morrison singled to right , Stanton to third . Lucas walked , Morrison to second . Ruggiano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Stanton scored , Lucas out at second , Morrison to third . Hechavarria singled to left , Morrison scored , Ruggiano to second . Mathis flied out to center , Ruggiano to third . Turner grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Turner pitching for Marlins . Ethier walked . Uribe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ethier out at second . Schumaker walked . Federowicz singled to right , Schumaker to third . Capuano grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Yelich grounded out to shortstop . Solano grounded out to shortstop . Stanton doubled to deep center . Morrison flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Caminero pitching for Marlins . Crawford reached on infield single to catcher . Ellis flied out to left . Gonzalez singled to right , Crawford to third . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . League pitching for Dodgers . Lucas struck out swinging . Ruggiano singled to center . Hechavarria walked , Ruggiano to second . Mathis singled to left , Ruggiano scored , Hechavarria to second . Dobbs hit for Caminero . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Dobbs flied out to left . Yelich walked , Hechavarria to third , Mathis to second . Withrow pitching for Dodgers . Schumaker at second base . Puig in right field . Solano struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Ethier struck out swinging . Uribe flied out to right . Schumaker doubled to left . Federowicz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Withrow pitching for Dodgers . Stanton singled to center . Morrison singled to right , Stanton to second . Lucas grounded into double play , third to second to first , Morrison out at second , Stanton to third . Ruggiano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Puig homered to left center ( 397 feet ) . Crawford grounded out to second . Hairston Jr. hit for Withrow . Hairston Jr. lined out to left . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Hechavarria struck out looking . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . Pierre hit for Jennings . Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers . Marisnick hit for Pierre . Marisnick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Webb pitching for Marlins . Ramirez doubled to deep center . Ethier struck out swinging . Uribe safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Hechavarria , Ramirez to third . Schumaker fouled out to catcher . Uribe stole second . Federowicz reached on infield single to third , Ramirez scored , Uribe to third . Puig fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Punto at second base . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Yelich grounded out to second . Solano struck out swinging . Stanton popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 6 - Marlins 4 .	Puig hits go - ahead HR in 8th following fine