Yankees - Top 1st . Ramirez pitching for Orioles . Gardner singled to right . Judge flied out to right , Gardner to second . Gregorius doubled to deep right , Gardner scored . Stanton grounded out to third . Bird walked . Andújar hit by pitch , Gregorius to third , Bird to second . Frazier struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Beckham lined out to second . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . Machado walked . Trumbo lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Ramirez pitching for Orioles . Romine fouled out to first . Walker walked . Gardner grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker out at second . Judge grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gardner out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Davis doubled to right . Valencia lined out to second . Peterson grounded out to second , Davis to third . Rickard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Ramirez pitching for Orioles . Gregorius singled to right . Stanton reached on infield single to shortstop , Gregorius to second . Bird struck out swinging . Andújar struck out swinging . Gregorius caught stealing third , catcher to third . Frazier batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Sisco grounded out to first . Beckham walked . Schoop grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Beckham out at second . Machado lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Ramirez pitching for Orioles . Frazier struck out swinging . Romine popped out to shortstop . Walker reached on bunt single to third . Gardner homered to right ( 426 feet ) , Walker scored . Judge singled to center . Gregorius grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Trumbo singled to right . Davis struck out swinging . Valencia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Trumbo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Ramirez pitching for Orioles . Stanton doubled to left . Stanton to third on wild pitch by Ramírez . Bird singled to center , Stanton scored . Meisinger pitching for Orioles . Andújar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bird out at second . Frazier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Andújar out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Peterson grounded out to second . Rickard walked . Sisco struck out looking . Beckham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Meisinger pitching for Orioles . Romine struck out looking . Walker grounded out to shortstop . Gardner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Schoop singled to right . Machado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Schoop out at second . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Meisinger pitching for Orioles . Judge struck out swinging . Gregorius grounded out to shortstop . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Gallegos pitching for Yankees . Davis walked . Valencia grounded into double play , third to second to first , Davis out at second . Peterson walked . Peterson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rickard batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Brach pitching for Orioles . Bird struck out looking . Andújar grounded out to shortstop . Frazier doubled to deep right . Romine homered to left ( 414 feet ) , Frazier scored . Walker doubled to deep left . Gardner doubled to right , Walker scored . Scott pitching for Orioles . Gardner to third on wild pitch by Scott . Judge walked . Gregorius walked , Judge to second . Wade ran for Gregorius . Stanton safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Schoop , Gardner scored , Judge to third , Wade to second . Bird struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Wade at shortstop . Gallegos pitching for Yankees . Rickard singled to left . Sisco flied out to center . Beckham homered to left ( 414 feet ) , Rickard scored . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . Machado grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Mancini in left field . Scott pitching for Orioles . Andújar doubled to deep right center . Frazier walked . Romine doubled to right , Andújar scored , Frazier thrown out at home . Walker grounded out to shortstop . Gardner reached on infield single to second , Romine to third . Judge singled to right , Romine scored , Gardner to second . Fry pitching for Orioles . Wade flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Gallegos pitching for Yankees . Trumbo grounded out to third . Davis grounded out to second . Valencia flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 10 - Orioles 2 .	Gardner , Yankees beat Orioles 10 - 2 for doubleheader split