Orioles - Top 1st . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Villar singled to center . Beckham singled to left , Villar to second . Jones grounded out to pitcher , Villar to third , Beckham to second . Trumbo grounded out to second , Villar scored , Beckham to third . Davis walked . Mancini flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Choo grounded out to second . Odor walked . Andrus singled to left , Odor to second . Beltré lined out to center , Odor to third . Profar homered to right ( 436 feet ) , Odor and Andrus scored . Gallo grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Núñez singled to left . Peterson sacrificed to third , Núñez to second . Joseph struck out swinging . Villar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Kiner - Falefa lined out to right . Calhoun doubled to left . DeShields doubled to right center , Calhoun scored . DeShields to third on passed ball by Joseph . Choo struck out swinging . Odor walked . Andrus singled to right , DeShields scored , Odor to third . Odor scored , Andrus to third on wild pitch by Cashner . Beltré walked . Profar singled to center , Andrus scored , Beltré to third . Gallo doubled to right , Beltré scored , Profar to third . Hart pitching for Orioles . Kiner - Falefa singled to center , Profar and Gallo scored , Kiner - Falefa out stretching at second . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Beckham lined out to center . Jones walked . Trumbo struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Hart pitching for Orioles . Calhoun grounded out to pitcher . DeShields grounded out to first . Choo reached on infield single to third . Odor walked , Choo to second . Andrus doubled to deep left , Choo scored , Odor to third . Beltré struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Mancini singled to left . Mancini to second on wild pitch by Gallardo . Núñez lined out to center . Peterson reached on infield single to first , Mancini to third . Joseph struck out swinging . Villar lined out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Mariñez pitching for Orioles . Profar grounded out to first . Gallo walked . Kiner - Falefa singled to left , Gallo to second . Calhoun doubled to deep center , Gallo scored , Kiner - Falefa to third . DeShields walked . Choo struck out swinging . Odor walked , Kiner - Falefa scored , Calhoun to third , DeShields to second . Andrus lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Beckham singled to center . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beckham out at second . Trumbo homered to left ( 372 feet ) , Jones scored . Davis flied out to center . Mancini grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Castro pitching for Orioles . Beltré singled to left . Profar struck out swinging . Gallo reached on infield single to shortstop , Beltré to second . Kiner - Falefa struck out swinging . Beltré to third , Gallo to second on wild pitch by Castro . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Núñez singled to right . Peterson grounded out to pitcher , Núñez to second . Joseph homered to left ( 399 feet ) , Núñez scored . Butler pitching for Rangers . Villar singled to left . Beckham singled to left , Villar to second . Jones struck out swinging , Villar to third , Beckham to second on wild pitch by Butler . Trumbo lined out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Castro pitching for Orioles . DeShields walked . Choo struck out swinging . Odor homered to right ( 429 feet ) , DeShields scored . Andrus popped out to second . Beltré singled to center . Profar grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Butler pitching for Rangers . Davis lined out to left . Mancini grounded out to third . Núñez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Rickard in center field . Scott pitching for Orioles . Gallo homered to right ( 377 feet ) . Kiner - Falefa popped out to second . Calhoun lined out to right . DeShields flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Butler pitching for Rangers . Peterson flied out to right . Joseph lined out to right . Villar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Wynns catching . Scott pitching for Orioles . Choo doubled to left . Choo to third on passed ball by Wynns . Odor walked . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Choo scored , Odor out at second . Beltré flied out to center . Profar walked , Andrus to second . Valencia pitching for Orioles . Gallo struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Butler pitching for Rangers . Beckham grounded out to second . Rickard doubled to deep left . Trumbo struck out swinging . Davis singled to center , Rickard scored . Mancini homered to right ( 361 feet ) , Davis scored . Núñez flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 8 - Rangers 17 .	Rangers score 10 in first 2 innings , beat Orioles 17 - 8