Orioles - Top 1st . Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays . Mullins grounded out to catcher . Villar grounded out to second . Mancini grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Granderson doubled to right . Travis safe at first on error by second baseman Villar . Smoak grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Travis out at second , Granderson to third . Morales singled to shallow right , Granderson scored . Pillar lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 2nd . Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays . Jones singled to right . Davis struck out swinging . Núñez struck out looking . Beckham singled to shallow left , Jones to second . Andreoli reached on infield single to shortstop , Jones to third , Beckham to second . Joseph singled to center , Jones scored , Beckham to third , Andreoli to second . Mullins grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Joseph out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Bundy pitching for Orioles . McKinney popped out to shortstop . Díaz homered to left center ( 390 feet ) . Ureña flied out to left . Maile struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays . Villar lined out to right . Mancini singled to right center . Jones popped out to second . Davis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Granderson singled to center . Travis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Granderson out at second . Smoak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays . Núñez struck out swinging . Beckham grounded out to third . Andreoli grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Morales singled to left center . Pillar hit ground rule double to deep center , Morales to third . McKinney singled to right , Morales and Pillar scored . Díaz flied out to right . Ureña singled to deep right , McKinney to third . Maile safe at first on error by third baseman Núñez , McKinney scored , Ureña to second . Granderson popped out to third . Travis struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 5th . Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays . Joseph grounded out to pitcher . Mullins homered to right ( 377 feet ) . Villar grounded out to second . Mancini popped out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Smoak homered to left ( 352 feet ) . Morales homered to left ( 400 feet ) . Meisinger pitching for Orioles . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . McKinney homered to right center ( 411 feet ) . Díaz flied out to center . Ureña walked . Maile grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Davis struck out swinging . Núñez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Scott pitching for Orioles . Hernández hit for Granderson . Hernández lined out to right . Travis grounded out to shortstop . Smoak lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Hernández in left field . McKinney in right field . Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays . Beckham struck out swinging . Andreoli walked . Joseph struck out swinging . Mullins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Scott pitching for Orioles . Morales struck out swinging . Pillar lined out to shortstop . McKinney walked . Carroll pitching for Orioles . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Petricka pitching for Blue Jays . Villar reached on infield single to second . Mancini struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to third , Villar to second . Villar to third on wild pitch by Petricka . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Carroll pitching for Orioles . Ureña lined out to first . Maile singled to shallow center . Hernández grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Maile out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Shafer pitching for Blue Jays . Núñez walked . Beckham grounded out to third , Núñez to second . Andreoli grounded out to second , Núñez to third . Joseph grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 2 - Blue Jays 8 .	Blue Jays hit 4 home runs , rout slumping Orioles 8 - 2