Yankees - Top 1st . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Gardner hit ground rule double to deep center . Stanton walked . Hicks singled to right , Gardner scored , Stanton to second , Stanton to third advancing on throw . Hicks picked off first . Andújar struck out swinging . Walker flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Gray pitching for Yankees . Mullins struck out swinging . Gentry grounded out to second . Villar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Torres singled to right . Bird flied out to left . Romine singled to left , Torres to second . Torreyes singled to center , Torres to third , Romine to second . Torres scored , Romine to third , Torreyes to second on wild pitch by Cashner . Gardner grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Romine scored , Torreyes to third . Stanton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gardner out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Gray pitching for Yankees . Davis grounded out to third . Mancini singled to center . Mancini to second on wild pitch by Gray . Núñez struck out swinging . Andreoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Hicks reached on infield single to third . Andújar popped out to third . Walker grounded out to second , Hicks to second . Torres walked . Torres caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop , Hicks to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Bird batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Gray pitching for Yankees . Peterson grounded out to first . Joseph struck out swinging . Mullins bunt grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Bird struck out swinging . Romine singled to right . Torreyes safe at first on error by first baseman Mancini , Romine to second . Gardner grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Torreyes out at second , Romine to third . Stanton singled to deep right , Romine scored , Gardner to third . Hicks popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Gray pitching for Yankees . Gentry grounded out to shortstop . Villar grounded out to shortstop . Davis singled to deep center . Mancini doubled to deep right , Davis to third . Núñez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Andújar singled to right . Andújar caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Walker fouled out to third . Torres flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Gray pitching for Yankees . Andreoli struck out swinging . Peterson grounded out to second . Joseph flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Bird flied out to center . Romine flied out to center . Torreyes fouled out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Gray pitching for Yankees . Mullins grounded out to shortstop . Gentry grounded out to shortstop . Villar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Gardner flied out to right . Stanton struck out swinging . Hicks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Gray pitching for Yankees . Davis struck out swinging . Mancini walked . Holder pitching for Yankees . Núñez walked , Mancini to second . Andreoli struck out swinging . Peterson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Castro pitching for Orioles . Andújar singled to left center . Walker lined out to left . Torres singled to right , Andújar to third . Bird grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Torres out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Robinson in right field . Holder pitching for Yankees . Joseph grounded out to shortstop . Mullins grounded out to first . Gentry doubled to left . Villar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Castro pitching for Orioles . Romine homered to center ( 418 feet ) . Torreyes struck out looking . Gardner flied out to left . Stanton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . Davis flied out to left . Mancini doubled to deep right . Núñez struck out swinging . Andreoli singled to shallow right , Mancini to third . Peterson singled to right , Mancini scored , Andreoli to second . Betances pitching for Yankees . Andreoli to third on wild pitch by Betances . Joseph struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 5 - Orioles 1 .	Gray pitches Yankees past Orioles 5 - 1 for doubleheader sweep