Orioles - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Royals . Mullins struck out swinging . Rickard struck out swinging . Villar homered to left ( 415 feet ) . Mancini grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Hess pitching for Orioles . Merrifield flied out to right . Gordon singled to left center . Dozier grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Royals . Davis struck out looking . Andreoli struck out looking . Valera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Hess pitching for Orioles . O'Hearn flied out to left . Bonifacio singled to left center . Herrera grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bonifacio out at second . Phillips singled to shallow center , Herrera to second . Escobar singled to center , Herrera scored , Phillips to second . Viloria grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Royals . Peterson grounded out to first . Joseph struck out looking . Mullins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Hess pitching for Orioles . Merrifield singled to center . Merrifield stole second . Gordon singled to shallow left , Merrifield to third . Dozier struck out swinging . O'Hearn flied out to center , Gordon to third . Bonifacio doubled to deep center , Gordon scored . Herrera flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 3 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Royals . Rickard struck out looking . Villar lined out to center . Mancini singled to center . Davis singled to left , Mancini to third . Andreoli flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Hess pitching for Orioles . Phillips struck out swinging , Phillips safe at first on wild pitch by Hess . Escobar singled to right , Phillips to third . Viloria grounded out to first , Escobar to second . Merrifield singled to left , Phillips scored , Escobar to third . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Escobar out at home , Merrifield to second . Dozier struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Royals . Valera grounded out to second . Peterson struck out swinging . Joseph grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Gilmartin pitching for Orioles . O'Hearn grounded out to second . Bonifacio walked . Herrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bonifacio out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Royals . Mullins lined out to center . Rickard singled to right . Villar flied out to left . Rickard stole second . Mancini grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Gilmartin pitching for Orioles . Phillips struck out looking . Escobar singled to right center . Viloria walked , Escobar to second . Merrifield grounded into double play , third to first , Escobar out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Royals . Davis singled to deep center . Andreoli grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Davis out at second . Valera lined into double play , second to first , Andreoli doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Gilmartin pitching for Orioles . Gordon popped out to shortstop . Dozier doubled to deep center . O'Hearn struck out swinging . Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles . Bonifacio lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Hill pitching for Royals . Núñez hit for Peterson . Núñez grounded out to shortstop . Joseph lined out to left . Mullins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Núñez at third base . Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles . Herrera hit by pitch . Phillips struck out swinging . Escobar walked , Herrera to second . Viloria doubled to deep right , Herrera and Escobar scored . Merrifield struck out swinging . Gordon doubled to left center , Viloria scored . Dozier tripled to deep center , Gordon scored . Scott pitching for Orioles . O'Hearn grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Rickard reached on infield single to pitcher . Villar struck out swinging . Mancini grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rickard out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 1 - Royals 9 .	Jorge Lopez shuts down Orioles as Royals roll , 9 - 1