Giants - Top 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Blanco singled to right . Theriot singled to left , Blanco to second . Cabrera hit ground rule double to deep left , Blanco scored , Theriot to third . Posey hit sacrifice fly to right , Theriot scored , Cabrera to third . Pagan grounded out to third . Cabrera scored on Hundley 's passed ball . Pill singled to center . Arias singled to left center , Pill to second . Crawford grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Denorfia doubled to right . Maybin struck out looking . Headley doubled to right , Denorfia scored . Quentin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Headley out at third . Guzman tripled to deep right , Quentin scored . Forsythe grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Bumgarner lined out to left . Blanco popped out to shortstop . Theriot grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Hundley singled to center . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hundley out at second . Richard walked . Denorfia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Richard out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Cabrera flied out to center . Posey grounded out to third . Pagan singled to right . Pill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Maybin walked . Headley grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Maybin out at second . Quentin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Arias grounded out to second . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Bumgarner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Forsythe walked . Hundley struck out swinging , Forsythe stole second . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Blanco homered to right ( 385 feet ) . Theriot grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Posey singled to left . Pagan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Posey out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Richard struck out looking . Denorfia grounded out to third . Maybin homered to left center ( 435 feet ) . Headley grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Richard pitching for Padres . Pill singled to shallow right . Arias grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pill out at second . Crawford reached on infield single to second , Arias to second . Bumgarner sacrificed to third , Arias to third , Crawford to second . Blanco safe at second on error by second baseman Forsythe , Arias and Crawford scored . Brach pitching for Padres . Blanco to third on wild pitch by Brach . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Quentin reached on infield single to shortstop . Guzman singled to right , Quentin to second . Forsythe walked , Quentin to third , Guzman to second . Hundley struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to second , Quentin scored , Guzman to third , Forsythe to second . Alonso hit for Brach . Alonso fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Cabrera grounded out to second . Posey grounded out to shortstop . Pagan grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Hensley pitching for Giants . Denorfia tripled to deep left center . Maybin flied out to right . Headley grounded out to first , Denorfia scored . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Belt hit for Pill . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Belt struck out swinging . Arias grounded out to shortstop . Crawford walked . Hensley grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Belt at first base . Hensley pitching for Giants . Guzman struck out swinging . Forsythe singled to center . Hundley grounded out to third , Forsythe to second . Forsythe to third on wild pitch by Hensley . Cabrera walked . Kotsay hit for Gregerson . Lopez pitching for Giants . Kotsay grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Blanco popped out to shortstop . Theriot popped out to second . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Romo pitching for Giants . Denorfia struck out swinging . Maybin flied out to right . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 6 - Padres 5 .	Bumgarner , streaking Giants edge out Padres