Giants - Top 1st . Millwood pitching for Mariners . Blanco flied out to left . Theriot reached on infield single to third . Theriot stole second . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Theriot to third . Posey struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Suzuki flied out to right . Wells homered to left ( 390 feet ) . Seager struck out swinging . Montero homered to left ( 445 feet ) . Saunders struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Millwood pitching for Mariners . Pagan flied out to left . Sandoval singled to left . Belt singled to center , Sandoval to second . Arias grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Belt out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Smoak lined out to left . Ackley flied out to left . Jaso walked . Ryan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Millwood pitching for Mariners . Crawford doubled to left . Blanco sacrificed to first , Crawford to third , Blanco safe at first on error by first baseman Smoak . Crawford to third on error by first baseman Smoak . Theriot singled to right center , Crawford scored , Blanco to second . Cabrera lined out to left . Blanco stole third . Theriot stole second . Posey singled to shallow left , Blanco scored , Theriot to third . Pagan struck out looking . Sandoval struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Suzuki lined out to first . Wells struck out swinging . Seager struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Millwood pitching for Mariners . Belt walked . Arias grounded out to third , Belt to second . Crawford singled to right , Belt to third . Blanco struck out looking . Theriot singled to center , Belt scored , Crawford to second . Cabrera singled to center , Crawford scored , Theriot to second . Posey flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Montero struck out looking . Saunders flied out to right . Smoak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Millwood pitching for Mariners . Pagan popped out to second . Sandoval grounded out to first . Belt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Ackley singled to right . Jaso walked , Ackley to second . Ryan sacrificed to third , Ackley to third , Jaso to second . Suzuki reached on infield single to second , Ackley scored , Jaso to third . Jaso scored , Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Lincecum . Wells fouled out to first . Seager lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Arias grounded out to shortstop . Crawford lined out to left . Blanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Montero singled to left . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Saunders singled to right center , Montero to second . Smoak popped out to shortstop . Ackley reached on infield single to shortstop , Montero to third , Saunders to second . Gutierrez hit for Jaso . Gutierrez reached on infield single to third , Montero scored , Saunders to third , Ackley to second . Ryan singled to center , Saunders and Ackley scored , Gutierrez to second . Suzuki grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ryan out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Theriot struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to third . Posey walked . Pagan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Kontos pitching for Giants . Wells singled to left . Seager popped out to shortstop . Montero singled to center , Wells to second . Saunders fouled out to catcher . Smoak flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Sandoval struck out swinging . Belt struck out swinging . Arias grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Kontos pitching for Giants . Ackley struck out looking . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Ryan singled to center . Ryan caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Suzuki batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Crawford lined out to shortstop . Blanco struck out swinging . Theriot grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 4 - Mariners 7 .	Mariners send Lincecum to 6th straight loss \n\n