Giants - Top 1st . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Christian flied out to center . Theriot singled to left . Cabrera singled to right , Theriot to second . Posey singled to left center , Theriot to third , Cabrera to second . Sandoval struck out swinging . Pagan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Posey out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Cain pitching for Giants . Lombardozzi grounded out to shortstop . Harper lined out to center . Zimmerman grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Belt grounded out to first . Arias lined out to center . Cain struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Cain pitching for Giants . Morse singled to right center . LaRoche singled to right center , Morse to third . Desmond grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Morse scored , LaRoche out at second . Espinosa flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Christian doubled to deep left . Theriot grounded out to first , Christian to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Christian scored . Posey walked . Sandoval singled to left center , Posey to second . Pagan singled to left , Posey scored , Sandoval to second . Belt grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Cain pitching for Giants . Flores flied out to left . Detwiler grounded out to pitcher . Lombardozzi singled to right . Harper flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Arias struck out swinging . Cain struck out swinging . Christian reached on infield single to third . Theriot reached on infield single to third , Christian to second . Cabrera doubled to left , Christian scored , Theriot to third . Posey walked . Sandoval grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at third , Posey to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Cain pitching for Giants . Zimmerman grounded out to second . Morse grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche reached on bunt single to third . Desmond walked , LaRoche to second . Espinosa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Pagan singled to right . Belt singled to center , Pagan to second . Arias grounded into double play , third to second , Pagan out at third , Belt out at second , Arias to first . Cain struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Cain pitching for Giants . Flores struck out swinging . Ankiel hit for Detwiler . Ankiel struck out swinging . Lombardozzi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Christian singled to left center . Christian stole second . Theriot sacrificed to third , Christian to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right , Christian scored . Posey grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Cain pitching for Giants . Harper grounded out to first . Zimmerman flied out to center . Morse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Sandoval singled to center . Pagan tripled to deep right center , Sandoval scored . Belt struck out swinging . Arias struck out swinging . Cain grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Cain pitching for Giants . LaRoche flied out to left . Desmond homered to right ( 399 feet ) . Espinosa homered to right center ( 393 feet ) . Flores flied out to center . Bernadina hit for Stammen . Affeldt pitching for Giants . DeRosa hit for Bernadina . DeRosa doubled to left . Lombardozzi reached on infield single to pitcher , DeRosa to third . Harper doubled to left center , DeRosa scored , Lombardozzi to third . Romo pitching for Giants . Zimmerman lined out to center . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Christian struck out swinging . Theriot singled to right . Theriot to second on balk by Rodriguez . Cabrera grounded out to first , Theriot to third . Posey flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Romo pitching for Giants . Morse struck out swinging . LaRoche grounded out to second . Desmond singled to right center . Espinosa hit by pitch , Desmond to second . Desmond stole third . Flores flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Sandoval struck out swinging . Pagan popped out to shortstop . Belt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Schierholtz in right field . Crawford at shortstop . Arias at third base . Casilla pitching for Giants . Moore hit for Clippard . Moore doubled to deep left center . Lombardozzi sacrificed to catcher , Moore to third , Lombardozzi safe at first on error by pitcher Casilla . Harper singled to right , Moore scored , Lombardozzi to third . Zimmerman intentionally walked , Harper to second . Morse grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lombardozzi out at home , Harper to third , Zimmerman to second . LaRoche grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Harper scored , Morse out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Giants 5 - Nationals 6 .	Nationals walk off to complete sweep of Giants