Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Eaton singled to center . Hill grounded out to shortstop , Eaton to second . Upton walked . Goldschmidt lined out to shortstop . Montero singled to center , Eaton scored , Upton to third . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagan grounded out to third . Scutaro grounded out to second . Sandoval grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Parra struck out swinging . McDonald grounded out to third . Cahill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey struck out swinging . Pence struck out swinging . Belt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Eaton grounded out to pitcher . Hill popped out to shortstop . Upton singled to left . Goldschmidt flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Nady struck out looking . Crawford struck out looking . Bumgarner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Montero flied out to left . Johnson tripled to deep right center . Parra struck out swinging . McDonald singled to shallow left , Johnson scored . Cahill grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagan flied out to center . Scutaro flied out to right . Sandoval grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Eaton flied out to left . Hill doubled to deep left . Upton grounded out to third . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Montero grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 5th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey grounded out to second . Pence grounded out to third . Belt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Johnson struck out looking . Parra struck out swinging . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Nady lined out to center . Crawford walked . Bumgarner sacrificed to pitcher , Crawford to second . Pagan lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Cahill grounded out to shortstop . Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop . Hill doubled to deep left , Eaton scored , Hill to third on throwing error by shortstop Crawford . Machi pitching for Giants . Blanco in left field . Upton struck out looking . Goldschmidt singled to right , Hill scored . Montero singled to shallow left , Goldschmidt to second . Johnson doubled to right , Goldschmidt and Montero scored . Mijares pitching for Giants . Parra flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 7th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Scutaro singled to right . Sandoval grounded out to pitcher , Scutaro to second . Posey reached on infield single to pitcher . Pence walked , Scutaro to third , Posey to second . Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt singled to right center , Scutaro and Posey scored , Pence to third . Theriot hit for Blanco . Theriot grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Belt out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Theriot in left field . Penny pitching for Giants . McDonald reached on infield single to second . Wheeler hit for Zagurski . Wheeler singled to right , McDonald to second . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McDonald out at third , Wheeler to second . Hill flied out to right , Wheeler to third . Upton popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Huff hit for Penny . Huff walked . Pagan grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Runzler pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt singled to right center . Montero struck out looking , Goldschmidt stole second . Johnson intentionally walked . Parra flied out to center . Otero pitching for Giants . McDonald grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Lindstrom pitching for Diamondbacks . Scutaro singled to center . Sandoval struck out swinging . Posey struck out looking . Scutaro to second on fielder 's indifference . Pence struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Giants 2 .	Cahill dominates Giants , D - backs win again