Yankees - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Soriano homered to left. Johnson homered to right center. Ja Giambi grounded out to first. Williams grounded out to shortstop. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Crawford struck out swinging. Baldelli struck out swinging. Huff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Mondesi walked. Mondesi stole second. Ventura grounded out to first, Mondesi to third advancing on play. Flaherty struck out swinging. Almonte grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Martin reached on infield single to shortstop. Lee flied out to center. Grieve walked, Martin to second. Anderson walked, Martin to third, Grieve to second. Valentin hit sacrifice fly to left, Martin scored. Ordonez flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Soriano singled to left. Johnson walked, Soriano to second. Ja Giambi walked, Soriano to third, Johnson to second. Williams hit sacrifice fly to left, Soriano scored. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ja Giambi out at second, Johnson to third. Mondesi walked, Matsui to second. Ventura lined out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Crawford grounded out to third. Baldelli struck out looking. Huff doubled to right center. Martin grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Flaherty singled to left. Almonte sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Flaherty to second. Soriano grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Almonte out at second, Flaherty to third. Johnson lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Lee lined out to shortstop. Grieve singled to right center. Anderson lined out to shortstop, Grieve out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Ja Giambi walked. Ja Giambi to second on balk by Zambrano. Williams flied out to center. Matsui grounded out to second, Ja Giambi to third. Mondesi popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Valentin grounded out to shortstop. Ordonez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Almonte. Crawford grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Ordonez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Ventura struck out looking. Flaherty walked. Flaherty to second on wild pitch by Zambrano. Almonte doubled to deep center, Flaherty scored. Almonte to third on wild pitch by Zambrano. Soriano singled to left, Almonte scored. Venafro pitching for Devil Rays. Soriano caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Johnson singled to center. Ja Giambi struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Baldelli struck out swinging. Huff struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Venafro pitching for Devil Rays. Williams homered to left. Matsui singled to left. Mondesi doubled to left, Matsui to third. Latham ran for Mondesi. Ventura singled to center, Matsui scored, Latham to third. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Flaherty reached on infield single to first, Latham scored, Ventura to second. Almonte grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Flaherty out at second, Ventura to third. Latham in right field. Soriano flied out to center. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Clemens pitching for Yankees. Lee walked. Grieve singled to right, Lee to second. Anderson lined out to center. Valentin homered to right, Lee and Grieve scored. Ordonez singled to center. Crawford grounded out to second, Ordonez to second. Baldelli struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Johnson flied out to deep left. Ja Giambi walked. Williams doubled to left center, Ja Giambi scored, Williams out at third. Matsui lined out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Huff singled to center. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Huff out at second. Lee singled to right, Martin to second. Grieve struck out swinging. Anderson flied out to deep right center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Latham singled to shallow center. Latham to second on wild pitch by Sosa. Ventura flied out to deep right center, Latham to third. Flaherty popped out to shallow right center. Almonte singled to left, Latham scored. Soriano struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Acevedo pitching for Yankees. Valentin grounded out to first. Ordonez doubled to right center. Crawford singled to left, Ordonez to third. Baldelli singled to left, Ordonez scored, Crawford to second. Huff struck out looking. Martin lined out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 10 - Devil Rays 5.	Clemens wins 295th as Yanks rout Devil Rays