Devil Rays - Top 1st. Daal pitching for Orioles. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Rolls lined out to right center. Baldelli doubled to right. Huff flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays. Hairston walked. Mora homered to left, Hairston scored. Matthews Jr flied out to deep left. Conine singled to left. Gibbons lined into double play, pitcher to first, Conine doubled off first. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Daal pitching for Orioles. Easley flied out to deep center. Hall singled to center. Shumpert reached on bunt single to third, Hall to second. Valentin singled to right, Hall to third, Shumpert to second. Ordonez hit sacrifice fly to left, Hall scored. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays. Batista reached on infield single to third. Cordova doubled to right, Batista to third, Batista scored, Cordova to third on error by right fielder Rolls. Cruz grounded out to second, Cordova scored. Fordyce singled to right. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Hairston struck out looking. Mora flied out to left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Daal pitching for Orioles. Rolls lined out to third. Baldelli grounded out to pitcher. Huff struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Matthews Jr doubled to right. Conine flied out to shallow left. Gibbons grounded out to shortstop, Matthews Jr to third. Batista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Daal pitching for Orioles. Easley singled to left center. Hall grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Easley out at second. Shumpert grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Cordova flied out to shallow right. Cruz popped out to shortstop. Fordyce grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Daal pitching for Orioles. Valentin flied out to center. Ordonez popped out to shallow right. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Hairston grounded out to shortstop. Mora grounded out to shortstop. Matthews Jr grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Daal pitching for Orioles. Rolls grounded out to shortstop. Baldelli grounded out to pitcher. Huff grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Conine flied out to deep left. Gibbons flied out to shallow left. Batista grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Daal pitching for Orioles. Easley grounded out to third. Hall lined out to right. Levine pitching for Devil Rays. Shumpert grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Levine pitching for Devil Rays. Cordova struck out swinging. Cruz flied out to shallow right. Groom pitching for Orioles. Fordyce struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Groom pitching for Orioles. Valentin safe at first on error by first baseman Conine. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Valentin out at second. Crawford struck out swinging. Rolls grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ordonez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Levine pitching for Devil Rays. Hairston singled to center. Mora flied out to center. Hairston caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Julio pitching for Orioles. Matthews Jr grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Julio pitching for Orioles. Baldelli flied out to center. Huff struck out swinging. Easley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 1 - Orioles 4.	O's Daal ends losing skid with win against Rays