Devil Rays - Top 1st. Clement pitching for Cubs. Tyner singled to center. Crawford singled to right, Tyner to second. Huff grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Crawford out at second, Tyner to third. Grieve struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Harris grounded out to first. Gonzalez struck out looking. Patterson doubled to deep right center. Sosa singled to center, Patterson scored. Alou popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Clement pitching for Cubs. Anderson singled to right. Smith lined into double play, shortstop to first, Anderson doubled off first. Valentin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Choi singled to left center. Martinez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Choi out at second. Miller grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Clement pitching for Cubs. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. Brazelton grounded out to shortstop. Tyner grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays. Clement safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Smith. Harris singled to right, Clement to second. Gonzalez doubled to deep center, Clement scored, Harris to third. Patterson tripled to right, Harris and Gonzalez scored. Sosa safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Smith, Patterson scored. Alou grounded out to shortstop. Choi singled to left, Sosa to third. Martinez doubled to left, Sosa scored, Choi to third, Choi scored on error by left fielder Tyner. Parris pitching for Devil Rays. Miller grounded out to shortstop. Clement singled to center, Martinez scored. Harris grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Clement out at second. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 3 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Crawford flied out to center. Huff singled to left. Grieve flied out to left. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Parris pitching for Devil Rays. Gonzalez doubled to deep left. Patterson popped out to second. Goodwin hit for Alou. Sosa flied out to deep center, Gonzalez to third. Goodwin in left field. Goodwin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Smith grounded out to first. Valentin struck out swinging. Lugo singled to center. Parris lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Parris pitching for Devil Rays. Choi flied out to shallow right center. Martinez walked. Miller walked, Martinez to second. Clement sacrificed to pitcher, Martinez to third, Miller to second. Harris popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Tyner walked. Crawford struck out swinging. Huff doubled to right center, Tyner scored. Grieve grounded out to shortstop, Huff to third. Anderson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Parris pitching for Devil Rays. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Patterson grounded out to third. Sosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Smith reached on infield single to second. Valentin grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Smith out at second. Martin hit for Parris. Lugo walked. Levine pitching for Devil Rays. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Levine pitching for Devil Rays. Goodwin grounded out to first. Choi grounded out to second. Farnsworth pitching for Cubs. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Farnsworth pitching for Cubs. Tyner walked. Tyner to second on fielder's indifference. Crawford walked. Huff struck out swinging. Grieve struck out swinging. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Karros hit for Farnsworth. Levine pitching for Devil Rays. Miller struck out swinging. Karros struck out swinging. Borowski pitching for Cubs. Harris flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Borowski pitching for Cubs. Smith flied out to shallow left. Valentin flied out to right. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 1 - Cubs 8.	More cheers for Sosa as Cubs rout Devil Rays