Devil Rays - Top 1st. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Crawford singled to left. Lugo singled to right, Crawford to third. Huff popped out to shortstop. Baldelli safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Giambi, Crawford scored, Lugo to third. Lee hit sacrifice fly to center, Lugo scored. Rolls grounded into fielder's choice to third, Baldelli out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Reyes pitching for Devil Rays. Jeter singled to left. Williams singled to right, Jeter to third. Giambi reached on infield single to pitcher, Williams to second. Posada hit sacrifice fly to center, Jeter scored. Sierra singled to left, Williams scored, Giambi to second. Matsui struck out looking. Boone grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. Hall walked. Sandberg grounded out to pitcher, Hall to second. Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop, Hall to third. Lugo popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Reyes pitching for Devil Rays. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Wilson doubled to right. Jeter to second on balk by Reyes. Williams flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Huff lined out to center. Baldelli grounded out to first. Lee grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Reyes pitching for Devil Rays. Giambi homered to right. Posada flied out to left. Sierra grounded out to first. Matsui popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Rolls singled to left. Anderson singled to left, Rolls to second. Hall grounded into double play, third to first, Rolls out at third, Anderson to second. Sandberg grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Reyes pitching for Devil Rays. Boone grounded out to third. Rivera grounded out to third. Wilson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Crawford flied out to center. Lugo singled to left center. Huff grounded out to first, Lugo to second. Baldelli flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Reyes pitching for Devil Rays. Jeter walked. Williams lined out to second. Giambi walked, Jeter to second, Jeter caught stealing third, catcher to third. Giambi batting. Posada walked, Giambi to second. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Sierra doubled to left center, Giambi and Posada scored. Matsui struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Lee struck out swinging. Rolls grounded out to second. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Boone walked. Rivera singled to left, Boone thrown out at third. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rivera out at second. Jeter walked, Wilson to second. Williams singled to left, Wilson scored, Jeter to second. Giambi struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Hall flied out to left. Sandberg walked. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sandberg out at second. Crawford stole second. Lugo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Posada singled to right. Posada to second on wild pitch by Switzer. Sierra grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Posada out at second. Nelson pitching for Yankees. Matsui grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sierra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Nelson pitching for Yankees. Huff grounded out to shortstop. Baldelli flied out to deep right. Lee homered to right. Rolls popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Boone struck out swinging. Rivera flied out to right. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Wilson lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Anderson singled to right. Hall struck out swinging. LaForest hit for Sandberg. Anderson to second on fielder's indifference. LaForest struck out swinging. Crawford grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 3 - Yankees 6.	NY YANKEES 6, TAMPA BAY 3 (2ND GAME)