Yankees - Top 1st. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Soriano singled to center. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Soriano out at second. Jeter sacrificed to catcher, Johnson to second. Johnson to third on wild pitch by Sosa. Giambi singled to right, Johnson scored. Posada walked, Giambi to second. Williams struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Lugo grounded out to first. Rolls singled to right. Baldelli grounded out to first, Rolls to second. Huff grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Matsui struck out swinging. Boone safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lugo. Garcia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Boone out at second. Soriano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Garcia out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. Piatt doubled to left. Hall flied out to left. Perez walked. Crawford singled to center, Piatt scored, Perez to second. Lugo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Jeter singled to center. Giambi flied out to center. Posada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Rolls singled to right center. Baldelli grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rolls out at second. Huff grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Baldelli out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Williams popped out to shortstop. Matsui flied out to center. Boone grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Gomes struck out swinging. Piatt struck out swinging. Hall reached on infield single to second. Perez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Garcia walked. Soriano flied out to center. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Garcia out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Crawford struck out looking. Lugo struck out swinging. Rolls struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Jeter singled to center. Giambi popped out to shortstop. Posada doubled to deep right, Jeter scored, Posada to third on throwing error by second baseman Perez. Malaska pitching for Devil Rays. Williams doubled to deep left, Posada scored. Backe pitching for Devil Rays. Matsui walked. Boone grounded into double play, third to first, Williams out at third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Baldelli struck out swinging. Huff reached on infield single to shortstop. Gomes struck out swinging. Piatt popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Backe pitching for Devil Rays. Garcia grounded out to first. Soriano grounded out to third. Johnson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Perez struck out looking. Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop. Lugo singled to shallow right, Crawford to second. Rolls flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Jeter hit by pitch. Giambi struck out looking. Posada homered to left, Jeter scored. Williams hit by pitch. Matsui singled to right, Williams to second. Sierra hit for Garcia. Boone singled to left, Williams to third, Matsui to second. Sierra popped out to first. Soriano hit ground rule double to deep center, Williams and Matsui scored, Boone to third. Rivera in right field. Nelson pitching for Yankees. Johnson struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Nelson pitching for Yankees. Baldelli struck out looking. LaForest hit for Gomes. Huff grounded out to third. LaForest hit by pitch. Piatt grounded into fielder's choice to third, LaForest out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Wilson ran for Jeter. Reyes pitching for Devil Rays. Tampa Bay's Switzer ejected by Welke in the 9th. Giambi struck out swinging. Posada flied out to center. Wilson at shortstop. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Williams grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Hammond pitching for Yankees. Hall doubled to left. Perez walked. Crawford lined into double play, shortstop to second, Hall doubled off second. Perez to second on fielder's indifference. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 7 - Devil Rays 1.	Pettitte wins 20th as Yanks clinch playoff berth