Cardinals - Top 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Carpenter doubled to shallow left. Craig struck out swinging. Holliday singled to right, Carpenter to third. Beltran walked, Holliday to second. Molina singled to right, Carpenter and Holliday scored, Beltran to third. Descalso grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beltran scored, Molina safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Rendon. Robinson grounded into double play, third to first, Molina out at third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Span grounded out to second. Werth grounded out to third. Harper flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Kozma grounded out to third. Garcia struck out swinging. Carpenter doubled to deep right center, Carpenter out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Moore struck out swinging. Desmond reached on bunt single to pitcher. Desmond stole second. Espinosa flied out to center, Desmond to third. Rendon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Craig struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Beltran popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Solano grounded out to second. Strasburg grounded out to second. Span grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Molina flied out to center. Descalso lined out to right. Robinson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Werth grounded out to shortstop. Harper grounded out to second. Moore doubled to left. Desmond grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Kozma grounded out to third. Garcia struck out swinging. Carpenter lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Espinosa struck out looking. Rendon lined out to center. Solano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Craig struck out swinging. Holliday singled to center. Beltran flied out to center. Molina flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Strasburg singled to center. Span singled to center, Strasburg to second. Werth grounded out to pitcher, Strasburg to third, Span to second. Harper grounded out to second, Strasburg scored, Span to third. Moore walked. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Desmond struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Descalso struck out looking. Robinson struck out swinging. Kozma lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Espinosa grounded out to shortstop. Rendon singled to center. Solano singled to center, Rendon to third. Lombardozzi hit for Strasburg. Lombardozzi struck out swinging. Solano caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Jay hit for Kelly. Jay singled to center. Carpenter singled to right, Jay to third. Craig grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jay out at home, Carpenter to third, Craig to second. Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop, Carpenter scored, Craig to third. Beltran struck out swinging. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Holliday out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Robinson in right field. Jay in center field. Span grounded out to pitcher. Werth homered to left center (394 feet). Harper walked. LaRoche hit for Moore. LaRoche struck out swinging. Desmond struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. LaRoche at first base. Duke pitching for Nationals. Descalso grounded out to first. Robinson walked. Kozma singled to left, Robinson to second. Robinson stole third. Jay grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Kozma out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Mujica pitching for Cardinals. Espinosa grounded out to first. Rendon flied out to right. Solano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Nationals 2.	Cardinals beat Strasburg, sweep Nationals