Nationals - Top 1st. Cashner pitching for Padres. Span popped out to shortstop. Lombardozzi flied out to left. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Nationals. Cabrera singled to center. Cabrera stole second. Venable struck out swinging. Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Haren. Headley walked. Quentin doubled to deep left, Cabrera scored, Headley to third. Alonso hit sacrifice fly to right, Headley scored, Quentin to third. Gyorko doubled to left, Quentin scored. Blanks flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Cashner pitching for Padres. LaRoche struck out looking. Moore struck out looking. Bernadina flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Nationals. Hundley fouled out to catcher. Cashner reached on bunt single to third. Cabrera flied out to right. Venable flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Cashner pitching for Padres. Espinosa flied out to left. Suzuki singled to left. Haren struck out bunting foul. Span grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Nationals. Headley singled to right. Quentin popped out to third. Headley stole second. Alonso flied out to center, Headley to third. Gyorko walked. Blanks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Lombardozzi reached on infield single to third. Zimmerman homered to left (407 feet), Lombardozzi scored. LaRoche popped out to shortstop. Moore grounded out to third. Bernadina walked. Bernadina stole second. Espinosa popped out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Nationals. Hundley popped out to second. Cashner flied out to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Suzuki grounded out to second. Haren struck out looking. Span reached on infield single to shortstop. Lombardozzi singled to right, Span to third. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Haren pitching for Nationals. Venable homered to right (369 feet). Headley grounded out to first. Quentin struck out swinging. Alonso doubled to deep left. Gyorko singled to left, Alonso scored, Gyorko to second advancing on throw. Blanks homered to left (392 feet), Gyorko scored. Hundley struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Cashner pitching for Padres. LaRoche grounded out to first. Moore flied out to center. Bernadina tripled to deep right center. Espinosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Cashner safe at first on error by first baseman LaRoche. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cashner out at second. Cabrera stole second. Cabrera stole third. Venable grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera out at home. Venable stole second. Venable to third on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Headley walked. Quentin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 7th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Suzuki flied out to right. Perez hit for Rodriguez. Perez struck out swinging. Span singled to center. Venable in right field. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Blanks in left field. Amarista in center field. Lombardozzi doubled to left, Span to third. Zimmerman singled to right, Span scored, Lombardozzi to third. Thatcher pitching for Padres. LaRoche singled to center, Lombardozzi scored, Zimmerman to second. Moore grounded into fielder's choice to third, LaRoche out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Mattheus pitching for Nationals. Alonso singled to center. Alonso to second on balk by Mattheus. Gyorko walked. Blanks walked, Alonso to third, Gyorko to second. Hundley hit sacrifice fly to left, Alonso scored. Amarista singled to left, Gyorko scored, Blanks to second, Blanks to third, Amarista to second on error by catcher Suzuki. Cabrera singled to center, Blanks and Amarista scored. Venable doubled to right center, Cabrera scored. Headley grounded out to second, Venable to third. Kotsay hit for Thatcher. Kotsay grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 8th. Ross pitching for Padres. Bernadina struck out looking. Espinosa grounded out to first. Suzuki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Solano catching. Alonso homered to right center (397 feet). Gyorko struck out swinging. Blanks hit by pitch. Hundley flied out to right. Amarista singled to left, Blanks to second. Cabrera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Ross pitching for Padres. Solano walked. Span grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Solano out at second. Lombardozzi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 4 - Padres 13.	Padres pummel Haren, Nats for series split