Nationals - Top 1st. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Span singled to left. Zimmerman homered to center (422 feet), Span scored. Werth doubled to deep center. LaRoche flied out to center, Werth to third. Desmond lined out to first. Ramos flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Roark pitching for Nationals. Coghlan flied out to left. Solano grounded out to third. Yelich struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Moore struck out swinging. Rendon reached on infield single to second. Rendon to second on wild pitch by Eovaldi. Roark struck out swinging. Span flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Stanton grounded out to pitcher. Ruggiano struck out swinging. Morrison fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman homered to right (414 feet). Werth reached on infield single to second. LaRoche singled to right center, Werth to third. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Werth out at home, LaRoche to third, Desmond to second. Ramos singled to deep right, LaRoche and Desmond scored. Moore lined out to right. Rendon doubled to left, Ramos to third. Roark grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Hechavarria grounded out to second. Mathis struck out looking. Brantly hit for Eovaldi. Brantly flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Span grounded out to first. Zimmerman popped out to shortstop. Werth popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Coghlan singled to center. Solano lined out to center. Yelich singled to right, Coghlan to second. Stanton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Yelich out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Dyson pitching for Marlins. LaRoche struck out looking. Desmond lined out to shortstop. Ramos grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Ruggiano grounded out to second. Morrison struck out swinging. Hechavarria fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Moore singled to left center. Rendon singled to right, Moore to third. Roark struck out swinging. Span hit sacrifice fly to left, Moore scored. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rendon out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Mathis grounded out to third. Pierre hit for Dyson. Pierre singled to left. Coghlan popped out to shortstop. Solano singled to center, Pierre to third, Solano out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Hatcher pitching for Marlins. Werth doubled to deep center. LaRoche doubled to deep right, Werth scored. Desmond popped out to shortstop. Ramos grounded out to second, LaRoche to third. Moore flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Ohlendorf pitching for Nationals. Solano catching. Yelich singled to right. Stanton flied out to left. Ruggiano struck out swinging. Morrison struck out swinging, Morrison safe at first on wild pitch by Ohlendorf, Yelich to second. Hechavarria singled to left, Yelich scored, Morrison to second. Mathis singled to center, Morrison scored, Hechavarria to second. Dobbs hit for Hatcher. Dobbs fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Marisnick in center field. Ruggiano in right field. Phillips pitching for Marlins. Rendon grounded out to shortstop. Solano fouled out to right. Span reached on infield single to pitcher. Caminero pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Brown in left field. Moore at first base. Coghlan lined out to shortstop. Solano grounded out to pitcher. Yelich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Caminero pitching for Marlins. Werth struck out swinging. Tracy hit for Clippard. Tracy flied out to left. Desmond reached on infield single to third. Brown walked, Desmond to second. Desmond to third, Brown to second on wild pitch by Caminero. Moore singled to center, Desmond and Brown scored. Rendon popped out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Perez in right field. Storen pitching for Nationals. Marisnick grounded out to pitcher. Ruggiano singled to right center. Morrison lined out to right. Ruggiano to second on fielder's indifference. Hechavarria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 9 - Marlins 2.	Zimmerman powers Nationals past Marlins 9-2