Braves - Top 1st . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Heyward singled to center . Upton struck out swinging . Heyward caught stealing second , catcher to second . Freeman singled to right . Gattis lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Braves . Carpenter flied out to left . Wong flied out to left . Holliday grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop . Upton flied out to right . Simmons singled to left , Johnson to second . Santana bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Johnson out at third , Simmons to second . Pastornicky singled to center , Simmons scored , Santana to second . Heyward flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Braves . Craig reached on infield single to shortstop . Molina singled to left center , Craig to third . Molina to second on wild pitch by Santana . Adams hit sacrifice fly to deep center , Craig scored , Molina to third , Adams to second on error by center fielder Upton . Peralta popped out to second . Bourjos struck out looking . Lynn grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Upton flied out to right . Freeman struck out looking . Gattis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Braves . Carpenter reached on infield single to second . Wong grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carpenter out at second . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Johnson doubled to right . Upton singled to right , Johnson to third . Simmons grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson scored , Upton out at second . Santana grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Braves . Craig singled to center . Molina singled to left center , Craig to second . Adams grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Molina out at second , Craig to third . Craig scored on Santana 's wild pitch . Peralta walked . Peralta stole second . Bourjos struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Jay in center field . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Pastornicky grounded out to second . Heyward walked . Upton walked , Heyward to second . Freeman flied out to left . Gattis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Braves . Lynn struck out swinging . Carpenter singled to right . Wong singled to right center , Carpenter to second . Holliday doubled to right , Carpenter scored , Wong to third . Craig singled to left , Wong scored , Holliday to third . Molina hit sacrifice fly to left , Holliday scored . Adams flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Johnson grounded out to third . Upton struck out looking . Simmons flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Avilan pitching for Braves . Peralta singled to left center . Jay struck out looking . Lynn sacrificed to catcher , Peralta to second . Carpenter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Schafer hit for Avilan . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Schafer grounded out to pitcher . Pastornicky grounded out to second . Heyward flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Hale pitching for Braves . Wong singled to shallow left . Wong stole second . Holliday hit by pitch . Craig grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Holliday out at second , Wong to third . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Upton singled to right center . Freeman grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Upton out at second . Gattis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Hale pitching for Braves . Adams doubled to deep right center . Peralta lined out to center , Adams to third . Jay intentionally walked . Descalso hit for Martinez . Thomas pitching for Braves . Butler hit for Descalso . Butler struck out looking , Jay stole second . Carpenter grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Johnson struck out looking . Upton grounded out to first . Simmons struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 2 - Cardinals 5 .	Craig , Lynn lead Cardinals past Braves