Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Santana pitching for Braves . Inciarte struck out swinging . Peralta singled to right . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peralta out at second . Montero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Upton singled to left . Upton stole second . Simmons sacrificed to pitcher , Upton to third . Freeman singled to right , Upton scored . Upton doubled to deep left , Freeman to third . Heyward grounded out to second , Freeman scored , Upton to third . Johnson flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Santana pitching for Braves . Prado singled to center . Parra grounded out to first , Prado to second . Ahmed grounded out to second , Prado to third . Prado scored on Santana 's wild pitch . Gregorius flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . La Stella singled to right center . Laird singled to left , La Stella to second . Santana bunted into fielder 's choice to first , La Stella out at third , Laird to second . Upton singled to right , Laird to third , Santana to second . Simmons singled to left , Laird scored , Santana to third , Upton to second . Freeman flied out to left . Upton walked , Santana scored , Upton to third , Simmons to second . Heyward popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Santana pitching for Braves . Collmenter singled to center . Inciarte grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Collmenter out at second . Peralta singled to center . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson lined out to pitcher . La Stella flied out to left . Laird singled to left . Santana struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Braves . Montero grounded out to second . Prado walked . Parra struck out swinging . Ahmed grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Upton grounded out to third . Simmons grounded out to pitcher . Freeman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Santana pitching for Braves . Gregorius flied out to center . Collmenter struck out swinging . Inciarte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Upton struck out looking . Heyward singled to right . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Heyward out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Santana pitching for Braves . Peralta grounded out to first . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . La Stella singled to right . Laird flied out to center . Santana sacrificed to third , La Stella to second . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Santana pitching for Braves . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Parra grounded out to second . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Simmons doubled to deep right . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Freeman singled to right center , Simmons scored . Upton struck out swinging . Heyward grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Freeman out at second . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Santana pitching for Braves . Gregorius singled to right . Kieschnick hit for Perez . Kieschnick flied out to center . Inciarte singled to right , Gregorius to third . Avilan pitching for Braves . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gregorius scored , Inciarte out at second . Walden pitching for Braves . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right center , Peralta to third . Montero struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . La Stella grounded out to second . Laird flied out to center . Doumit hit for Walden . Doumit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Braves . Prado struck out looking . Parra grounded out to second . Ahmed flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Braves 5 .	Freeman , Santana help Braves win 8th straight