Padres - Top 1st . Wood pitching for Braves . Denorfia singled to center . Solarte singled to center , Denorfia to third . Quentin struck out swinging . Medica singled to left , Denorfia scored , Solarte to second . Francoeur walked , Solarte to third , Medica to second . Nelson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Francoeur out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Hahn pitching for Padres . Upton struck out swinging . La Stella flied out to center . Freeman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Wood pitching for Braves . Rivera singled to center . Amarista grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rivera out at second . Hahn reached on infield single to second . Denorfia reached on infield single to third , Hahn to second . Solarte flied out to right . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Hahn pitching for Padres . Upton grounded out to pitcher . Heyward singled to right . Gattis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Heyward out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Wood pitching for Braves . Quentin doubled to deep left center . Medica singled to left , Quentin to third . Medica to second on wild pitch by Wood . Francoeur struck out swinging . Nelson hit sacrifice fly to center , Quentin scored , Medica to third . Rivera flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Hahn pitching for Padres . Johnson struck out swinging . Simmons singled to center . Wood sacrificed to pitcher , Simmons to second . Upton walked . La Stella grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Wood pitching for Braves . Amarista reached on infield single to second . Hahn sacrificed to pitcher , Amarista to second . Denorfia singled to center , Amarista scored , Denorfia to third on throwing error by center fielder Upton . Solarte hit sacrifice fly to left , Denorfia scored . Quentin struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 4th . Hahn pitching for Padres . Freeman grounded out to second . Upton grounded out to first . Heyward safe at first on error by third baseman Nelson . Gattis grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 5th . Wood pitching for Braves . Medica singled to center . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Medica out at second . Nelson grounded out to pitcher , Francoeur to second . Rivera singled to right , Francoeur scored . Amarista struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Hahn pitching for Padres . Johnson grounded out to third . Simmons walked . Pastornicky struck out swinging . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Simmons out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Hale pitching for Braves . Hahn struck out swinging . Denorfia grounded out to third . Solarte grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Hahn pitching for Padres . La Stella lined out to left . Freeman tripled to deep center . Upton hit sacrifice fly to left , Freeman scored . Heyward walked . Gattis struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Hale pitching for Braves . Venable flied out to center . Medica singled to center . Francoeur popped out to second . Nelson walked , Medica to second . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Nelson out at second , Medica to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Boyer pitching for Padres . Johnson flied out to right . Simmons flied out to right . Schafer bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Shreve pitching for Braves . Amarista flied out to left . Conrad struck out swinging . Denorfia flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Quackenbush pitching for Padres . Upton safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Amarista . La Stella grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Upton out at second . Freeman singled to center . Upton walked , Freeman to second . Benoit pitching for Padres . Heyward walked , Freeman to third , Upton to second . Gattis walked , Freeman scored , Upton to third , Heyward to second . Johnson flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 9th . Shreve pitching for Braves . Solarte flied out to center . Venable struck out swinging . Simmons pitching for Braves . Medica grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Benoit pitching for Padres . Simmons struck out swinging . Doumit struck out swinging . Upton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 5 - Braves 2 .	Rookie road king Hahn hurls Padres past Braves 5 - 2