Astros - Top 1st . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Everett doubled to deep left . Palmeiro grounded out to first , Everett to third . Bagwell singled to center , Everett scored . Lamb struck out looking . Lane popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Backe pitching for Astros . Eckstein doubled to left . Walker grounded out to second , Eckstein to third . Pujols homered to center , Eckstein scored . Edmonds grounded out to pitcher . Rolen tripled to deep right . Sanders tripled to deep center , Rolen scored . Grudzielanek singled to right center , Sanders scored . Molina singled to center , Grudzielanek to second . Morris struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Burke struck out swinging . Ausmus grounded out to shortstop . Taveras grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Backe pitching for Astros . Eckstein flied out to center . Walker doubled to deep center . Pujols flied out to center , Walker to third . Edmonds walked . Rolen singled to left , Walker scored , Edmonds to second . Sanders struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Backe walked . Everett flied out to left . Palmeiro lined out to center . Bagwell doubled to deep right center , Backe scored . Lamb flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Backe pitching for Astros . Grudzielanek singled to center . Molina grounded out to third , Grudzielanek to second . Morris flied out to center . Eckstein doubled to deep center , Grudzielanek scored . Walker singled to left , Eckstein scored . Pujols grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Lane singled to left . Burke sacrificed to pitcher , Lane to second . Ausmus struck out looking . Taveras flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Backe pitching for Astros . Edmonds grounded out to pitcher . Rolen popped out to shortstop . Sanders struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Backe struck out swinging . Everett singled to left . Palmeiro grounded out to catcher , Everett to second . Bagwell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Backe pitching for Astros . Grudzielanek reached on infield single to shortstop . Cedeno hit for Morris . Molina sacrificed to pitcher , Grudzielanek to second . Cedeno popped out to shortstop . Eckstein singled to center , Grudzielanek scored , Eckstein out at first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Journell pitching for Cardinals . Lamb singled to right . Lane walked , Lamb to second . Burke singled to right , Lamb to third , Lane to second . Ausmus walked , Lamb scored , Lane to third , Burke to second . Biggio hit for Backe . Taveras grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lane scored , Burke to third , Ausmus safe at second on error by shortstop Eckstein . Biggio grounded into double play , third to first , Burke scored , Ausmus out at third . Springer pitching for Astros . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Taveras out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Springer pitching for Astros . Walker walked . Pujols flied out to right . Edmonds walked , Walker to second . Rolen lined out to third . King pitching for Cardinals . Sanders grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Edmonds out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . King pitching for Cardinals . Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop . Bagwell struck out looking . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi in left field . Lamb walked . Lane struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Springer pitching for Astros . Grudzielanek fouled out to catcher . Molina struck out swinging . Taguchi flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Burke singled to left . Ausmus bunt grounded out to third , Burke to second . Scott hit for Springer . Nunez at second base . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Taveras flied out to center . Franco pitching for Astros . Scott grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Franco pitching for Astros . Eckstein grounded out to first . Walker fouled out to catcher . Harville pitching for Astros . Pujols walked . Edmonds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Everett flied out to center . Palmeiro grounded out to first . Bagwell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 5 - Cardinals 8 .	Pujols ' punch : 2 - run HR helps Cards top Astros