Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Pettitte pitching for Astros . Cintron fouled out to catcher . Clayton doubled to left . Gonzalez flied out to left . Glaus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Taveras grounded out to pitcher . Palmeiro doubled to deep center . Biggio lined out to center . Berkman popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Astros . Cruz popped out to shortstop . Tracy grounded out to second . Terrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Ensberg walked . Ensberg caught stealing second , catcher to second . Lamb walked . Everett flied out to left . Lamb to second on wild pitch by Ortiz . Ausmus singled to right , Lamb scored . Pettitte popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Astros . Snyder singled to left . Ortiz struck out swinging . Cintron doubled to left , Snyder to third . Clayton hit sacrifice fly , center to right to first to shortstop , Snyder scored , Cintron doubled off second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Taveras bunt grounded out to pitcher . Palmeiro singled to right . Biggio singled to left , Palmeiro to second . Berkman popped out to shortstop . Ensberg flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Pettitte pitching for Astros . Gonzalez singled to center . Glaus homered to right , Gonzalez scored . Cruz grounded out to first . Tracy reached on infield single to second . Terrero singled to left , Tracy to second . Snyder walked , Tracy to third , Terrero to second . Ortiz struck out looking . Cintron singled to right , Tracy and Terrero scored , Snyder to third . Clayton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cintron out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Lamb grounded out to pitcher . Everett singled to center . Ausmus singled to right , Everett to second . Pettitte sacrificed to pitcher , Everett to third , Ausmus to second . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Pettitte pitching for Astros . Gonzalez singled to center . Glaus doubled to left , Gonzalez to third . Cruz singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Glaus to third . Tracy struck out swinging . Terrero grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Glaus scored , Cruz out at second . Snyder grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Palmeiro singled to center . Biggio hit by pitch , Palmeiro to second . Berkman lined into double play , to first , Biggio doubled off first . Palmeiro to third on wild pitch by Ortiz . Harville pitching for Astros . Ensberg grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Harville pitching for Astros . Ortiz singled to right . Cintron grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Ortiz out at second . Clayton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Lamb walked . Everett doubled to left , Lamb to third . Self hit for Harville . Ausmus grounded out to shortstop , Lamb scored . Self homered to right , Everett scored . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Taveras doubled to deep right . Taveras picked off second . Qualls pitching for Astros . Palmeiro flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Glaus reached on infield single to third . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Glaus out at second . Tracy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Biggio doubled to deep left center . Berkman reached on infield single to second , Biggio scored . Ensberg struck out swinging . Burns pitching for Astros . Lamb lined into double play , second to first , Berkman doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Burns pitching for Astros . Terrero struck out swinging . Green hit for Cormier . Snyder grounded out to shortstop . Green doubled to right . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Green in right field . Cintron struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Everett popped out to shortstop . Lane hit for Burns . Ausmus struck out swinging . Astacio pitching for Astros . Lane grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Astacio pitching for Astros . Clayton struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to right . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Vizcaino hit for Taveras . Glaus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Vizcaino struck out looking . Palmeiro flied out to left . Biggio homered to left . Bruntlett ran for Berkman . Berkman walked . Ensberg safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Glaus , Bruntlett to second . Lamb walked , Bruntlett to third , Ensberg to second . Everett lined out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Astros 6 .	Glaus , D - Backs rough up Pettitte , hang on vs. Astros 7 - 6