Cardinals - Top 1st . Clemens pitching for Astros . Eckstein walked . Edmonds singled to center , Eckstein to second . Pujols singled to center , Eckstein scored , Edmonds to third , Pujols to second advancing on throw . Walker struck out looking . Grudzielanek doubled to left , Edmonds and Pujols scored . Mabry grounded out to first , Grudzielanek to third . Nunez popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Taveras singled to left . Burke hit ground rule double to right , Taveras to third . Biggio hit sacrifice fly to center , Taveras scored , Burke to third . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Burke scored . Ensberg homered to left , Berkman scored . Lane homered to left . Everett fouled out to third . Ausmus grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Clemens pitching for Astros . Molina tripled to right . Mulder hit sacrifice fly to center , Molina scored . Eckstein singled to center . Edmonds singled to left , Eckstein to second . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Edmonds out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Clemens flied out to center . Taveras reached on infield single to shortstop . Burke lined out to third . Biggio grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Taveras out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Clemens pitching for Astros . Walker grounded out to second . Grudzielanek singled to left , Grudzielanek to second on error by left fielder Burke . Mabry struck out swinging . Nunez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Berkman grounded out to third . Ensberg doubled to deep center . Lane singled to left , Ensberg scored . Everett lined out to third . Lane to second on wild pitch by Mulder . Ausmus grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Clemens pitching for Astros . Molina grounded out to pitcher . Mulder grounded out to first . Eckstein grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Clemens walked . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Taveras reached on bunt single to catcher , Clemens to second . Burke sacrificed to pitcher , Clemens to third , Taveras to second . Biggio struck out swinging . Berkman popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Clemens pitching for Astros . Edmonds singled to left . Pujols grounded out to second , Edmonds to second . Walker struck out looking . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Ensberg flied out to left . Lane walked . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lane out at second . Ausmus fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Clemens pitching for Astros . Mabry singled to right . Springer pitching for Astros . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mabry out at second . Cedeno hit for Reyes . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Nunez out at second . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Bruntlett hit for Springer . Cedeno grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Bruntlett lined out to center . Taveras singled to left . Burke popped out to first . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Bruntlett in center field . Biggio grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Taveras out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Eckstein struck out swinging . Edmonds flied out to left . Pujols singled to left . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Berkman flied out to center . Ensberg lined out to second . Lane struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Mabry grounded out to first . White pitching for Cardinals . Nunez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . White pitching for Cardinals . Everett lined out to shortstop . Ausmus flied out to right . Vizcaino hit for Wheeler . Bruntlett doubled to left . Vizcaino reached on infield single to shortstop , Bruntlett to third . Lidge pitching for Astros . Burke struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Sanders hit for White . Lidge pitching for Astros . Molina flied out to center . Sanders struck out looking . Eckstein reached on infield single to second . Eckstein to second on fielder 's indifference . Edmonds lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Astros 6 .	Mulder - Clemens rematch fizzles , Rocket endures for win