Nationals - Top 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Watson flied out to left . Vidro homered to left center . Johnson fouled out to third . Castilla singled to center . Wilkerson flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Taveras singled to left center . Biggio singled to center , Taveras to third . Berkman struck out looking . Ensberg walked , Biggio to second . Lamb singled to right center , Taveras scored , Biggio to third , Ensberg to second . Palmeiro doubled to right , Biggio , Ensberg and Lamb scored . Everett flied out to center , Palmeiro to third . Quintero intentionally walked . Rodriguez popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Wilson walked . Schneider singled to right , Wilson to second . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Schneider out at second , Wilson to third . Hernandez doubled to left , Wilson scored , Carroll to third . Vidro batting . Johnson batting . Johnson grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Taveras grounded out to second . Biggio singled to center . Berkman struck out looking . Ensberg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Castilla grounded out to shortstop . Wilkerson struck out looking . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Lamb flied out to center . Palmeiro flied out to left . Everett flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Schneider popped out to second . Carroll grounded out to second . Hernandez homered to left . Watson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Quintero grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez struck out looking . Taveras singled to center . Biggio doubled to deep left center , Taveras scored . Berkman grounded out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Vidro singled to right . Johnson flied out to center . Castilla singled to center , Vidro to second . Wilkerson flied into double play , left to second to first , Castilla doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Ensberg walked . Lamb grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Ensberg out at second . Palmeiro doubled to left . Springer pitching for Astros . Everett grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Springer pitching for Astros . Wilson hit by pitch . Schneider grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Wilson out at second . Carroll hit by pitch . Hernandez singled to right , Carroll to third . Gallo pitching for Astros . Watson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Burke hit for Gallo . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Quintero singled to center . Burke sacrificed to pitcher , Quintero to second , Burke safe at first on error by pitcher Hernandez . Taveras sacrificed to third , Quintero to third , Burke to second . Biggio struck out swinging . Berkman intentionally walked . Ensberg hit ground rule double to deep center , Quintero and Burke scored , Berkman to third . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Lamb popped out to third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Vidro grounded out to first . Johnson struck out looking . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Castilla struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Palmeiro singled to left . Everett popped out to third . Vizcaino hit for Wheeler . Quintero grounded out to third , Palmeiro to second . Qualls pitching for Astros . Vizcaino flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Wilkerson lined out to first . Wilson struck out swinging . Schneider singled to center . Carroll struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Taveras singled to right . Biggio singled to right , Taveras to second . Berkman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Biggio out at second , Taveras to third . Ensberg intentionally walked . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Berkman at first base . Lidge pitching for Astros . Bruntlett in left field . Ausmus catching . Baerga hit for Eischen . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Lidge pitching for Astros . Baerga hit by pitch . Watson safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Berkman , Baerga to second . Vidro lined into double play , to first , Watson doubled off first . Johnson doubled to deep right , Baerga scored . Blanco ran for Castilla . Castilla walked . Guillen hit for Wilson . Wilkerson singled to right center , Johnson scored , Blanco to third . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 6 - Astros 7 .	Astros survive spotty ninth , hold off Nationals