Cubs - Top 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Murton grounded out to pitcher . Walker homered to right . Lee walked . Ramirez flied out to center . Garciaparra singled to center , Lee to third . Barrett reached on infield single to second , Lee scored , Garciaparra to second . Burnitz grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Rusch pitching for Cubs . Taveras singled to center . Biggio singled to left , Taveras to second . Berkman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Biggio out at second . Ensberg reached on infield single to shortstop , Taveras scored . Lane singled to center , Ensberg to second . Everett singled to right , Ensberg scored , Lane to third . Burke flied out to center . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Patterson flied out to left . Rusch grounded out to second . Murton homered to right . Walker flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Rusch pitching for Cubs . Quintero struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out looking . Taveras singled to center . Biggio grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Lee singled to right . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lee out at second . Garciaparra walked . Barrett grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garciaparra out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Rusch pitching for Cubs . Berkman singled to right center . Ensberg singled to center , Berkman to second . Lane struck out looking . Everett popped out to first . Burke homered to left , Berkman and Ensberg scored . Quintero struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Burnitz struck out swinging . Patterson tripled to deep right center , Patterson scored on throwing error by second baseman Biggio . Rusch struck out swinging . Murton singled to center . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 4th . Rusch pitching for Cubs . Rodriguez popped out to second . Taveras reached on infield single to pitcher . Biggio walked , Taveras to second . Berkman flied out to left . Wellemeyer pitching for Cubs . Ensberg walked , Taveras to third , Biggio to second . Lane struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Lee walked . Ramirez grounded into double play , pitcher to second to shortstop to first , Lee out at second . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cubs . Everett homered to left . Burke walked . Quintero homered to left , Burke scored . Rodriguez walked . Taveras singled to left , Rodriguez to second . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Biggio walked , Rodriguez to third , Taveras to second . Berkman walked , Rodriguez scored , Taveras to third , Biggio to second . Ensberg singled to left , Taveras scored , Biggio to third , Berkman to second . Lane hit sacrifice fly to left , Biggio scored . Everett struck out swinging . Burke walked , Berkman to third , Ensberg to second . Quintero grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Barrett grounded out to second . Burnitz grounded out to second . Patterson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Rodriguez singled to right . Taveras flied out to left . Biggio flied out to left . Bruntlett at second base . Macias hit for Wuertz . Berkman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Macias walked . Murton fouled out to right . Williamson pitching for Cubs . Macias at second base . Walker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Macias out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Williamson pitching for Cubs . Ensberg homered to left . Lane flied out to right . Everett flied out to left . Lamb at first base . Springer pitching for Astros . Vizcaino at third base . Perez hit for Lee . Burke struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Hollandsworth hit for Ramirez . Springer pitching for Astros . Perez grounded out to third . Hollandsworth grounded out to shortstop . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Perez at second base . Hollandsworth at first base . Macias at third base . Garciaparra flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Quintero grounded out to pitcher . Vizcaino struck out swinging . Taveras safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Macias . Harville pitching for Astros . Bruntlett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 9th . Harville pitching for Astros . Barrett struck out swinging . Burnitz safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Lamb . Patterson walked , Burnitz to second . Macias grounded out to pitcher , Burnitz to third , Patterson to second . Murton popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 4 - Astros 12 .	Ensberg leads Astros ' power surge against Cubs