Astros - Top 1st . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Biggio grounded out to third . Taveras popped out to shortstop . Berkman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Clemens pitching for Astros . Podsednik grounded out to shortstop . Iguchi grounded out to third . Dye homered to right . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Ensberg flied out to right . Lamb homered to right center . Bagwell hit by pitch . Lane grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bagwell out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Clemens pitching for Astros . Everett singled to center . Rowand singled to right , Everett to third . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Everett scored , Rowand out at second . Crede grounded out to third , Pierzynski to second . Uribe doubled to deep center , Pierzynski scored . Podsednik struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Ausmus singled to right . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ausmus out at second . Biggio singled to center , Everett to second . Taveras sacrificed to pitcher , Everett to third , Biggio to second . Berkman doubled to deep right , Everett and Biggio scored . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Ensberg grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Iguchi grounded out to second . Dye walked . Everett struck out swinging . Rowand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Konerko out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Lamb struck out swinging . Bagwell flied out to left . Lane flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Crede homered to left center . Uribe walked . Podsednik singled to center , Uribe to second . Iguchi grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Podsednik out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Ausmus flied out to right . Everett grounded out to third . Biggio grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Dye walked . Konerko singled to center , Dye to second . Everett sacrificed to third , Dye to third , Konerko to second . Rowand intentionally walked . Pierzynski grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Rowand out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Taveras doubled to deep left center . Berkman grounded out to first , Taveras to third . Ensberg grounded out to third . Lamb grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Crede popped out to second . Qualls pitching for Astros . Uribe walked . Podsednik grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Uribe out at second . Podsednik stole second . Iguchi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Bagwell hit by pitch . Lane fouled out to first . Ausmus hit by pitch , Bagwell to second . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ausmus out at second , Bagwell to third . Biggio grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Dye safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Everett . Konerko flied out to right . Everett flied out to left . Rowand struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 8th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Taveras doubled to deep center . Berkman singled to left , Taveras to third . Ensberg struck out swinging . Lamb struck out swinging . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Burke ran for Berkman . Burke stole second . Burke in left field . Springer pitching for Astros . Bagwell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Springer pitching for Astros . Pierzynski singled to right . Crede flied out to right . Uribe flied out to left . Pierzynski stole second . Podsednik tripled to deep center , Pierzynski scored . Iguchi flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Lane struck out swinging . Ausmus grounded out to shortstop . Everett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 3 - White Sox 5 .	White Sox bullpen nails down Game 1 win