Tigers - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Granderson walked. Polanco doubled to deep center, Granderson scored. Ordonez singled to left, Polanco scored. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ordonez out at second. Guillen flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Figgins struck out swinging. Izturis doubled to deep right. Abreu walked. Hunter struck out swinging. Morales homered to right, Izturis and Abreu scored. Napoli grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Laird grounded out to second. Inge popped out to first. Raburn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Matthews singled to right center. Rivera grounded out to third, Matthews to second. Aybar doubled to deep center, Matthews scored. Figgins struck out swinging. Izturis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Everett doubled to center. Granderson sacrificed to pitcher, Everett to third. Polanco flied out to center. Ordonez singled to right, Everett scored. Cabrera singled to right center, Ordonez to third. Guillen singled to left, Ordonez scored, Cabrera to second. Laird flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Hunter doubled to deep right. Morales grounded out to first, Hunter to third. Napoli walked. Matthews flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Inge flied out to center. Raburn popped out to first. Everett grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Rivera flied out to right. Aybar flied out to left. Figgins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Granderson homered to right. Polanco flied out to center. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera walked. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Izturis singled to left. Abreu singled to left, Izturis to second. Hunter singled to right center, Izturis scored, Abreu to third, Hunter to second advancing on throw. Morales singled to right, Abreu and Hunter scored. Napoli struck out swinging. Matthews grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Morales out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Speier pitching for Angels. Laird flied out to center. Inge singled to center. Anderson hit for Raburn. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Inge out at second. Anderson stole second. Everett singled to right, Anderson scored. Granderson singled to right, Everett to second. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Granderson out at second, Everett to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Anderson in right field. Rincon pitching for Tigers. Rivera reached on infield single to second. Aybar sacrificed to third, Rivera to second. Figgins grounded out to second, Rivera to third. Izturis hit ground rule double to deep right, Rivera scored. Izturis to third on wild pitch by Rincon. Abreu walked. Hunter walked, Abreu to second. Morales struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Shields pitching for Angels. Ordonez singled to center. Cabrera walked, Ordonez to second. Guillen singled to center, Ordonez to third, Cabrera to second. Laird walked, Ordonez scored, Cabrera to third, Guillen to second. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Inge reached on infield single to shortstop, Cabrera scored, Guillen to third, Laird to second, Guillen scored on throwing error by shortstop Aybar. Anderson sacrificed to catcher, Laird to third, Inge to second. Everett singled to left, Laird scored. Granderson singled to right, Inge to third, Everett to second. Polanco reached on infield single to third, Inge scored, Everett to third, Granderson to second. Ordonez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Polanco out at second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 7th. Perry pitching for Tigers. Napoli walked. Matthews struck out looking. Rivera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Napoli out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Bulger pitching for Angels. Cabrera flied out to center. Guillen flied out to left. Laird struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Seay pitching for Tigers. Aybar flied out to right. Figgins singled to right. Izturis popped out to second. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Thompson pitching for Angels. Inge homered to center. Anderson singled to left. Everett sacrificed to pitcher, Anderson to second. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop. Morales grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hunter out at second. Napoli singled to left. Matthews singled to center, Napoli to second. Rivera doubled to deep right, Napoli and Matthews scored. Rivera to third on wild pitch by Rodney. Aybar grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 12 - Angels 10.	Five-run seventh propels Tigers past Angels