Athletics - Top 1st. Jackson pitching for Tigers. Cabrera popped out to second. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Giambi struck out swinging. Holliday singled to right, Suzuki to second. Cust flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Granderson flied out to center. Polanco safe at first on error by first baseman Giambi. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Polanco out at second. Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Crosby, Thomas to third. Ordonez reached on infield single to shortstop, Thomas scored, Cabrera to second. Inge hit by pitch, Cabrera to third, Ordonez to second. Raburn homered to left, Cabrera, Ordonez and Inge scored. Laird grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Jackson pitching for Tigers. Sweeney grounded out to second. Kennedy flied out to center. Crosby lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Everett struck out swinging. Granderson walked. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Granderson out at second, Polanco to second on throwing error by second baseman Kennedy. Thomas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Jackson pitching for Tigers. Cunningham lined out to center. Cabrera flied out to right. Suzuki singled to center. Giambi flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Hannahan at third base. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Cabrera singled to center. Ordonez singled to center, Cabrera to second. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ordonez out at second, Cabrera to third. Raburn safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera, Cabrera scored, Inge to second. Laird walked, Inge to third, Raburn to second. Everett grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Inge scored, Laird out at second, Raburn to third. Granderson lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 4th. Jackson pitching for Tigers. Holliday doubled to left. Cust flied out to left. Sweeney grounded out to first, Holliday to third. Kennedy singled to right, Holliday scored. Kennedy stole second. Hannahan struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Polanco flied out to center. Thomas doubled to deep left. Cabrera doubled to left, Thomas scored. Giese pitching for Athletics. Ordonez doubled to left, Cabrera scored. Inge struck out swinging. Raburn struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Jackson pitching for Tigers. Cunningham struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to center. Suzuki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Giese pitching for Athletics. Laird grounded out to shortstop. Everett grounded out to third. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Jackson pitching for Tigers. Giambi lined out to center. Holliday struck out swinging. Cust flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Giese pitching for Athletics. Polanco grounded out to second. Thomas singled to center. Cabrera singled to left, Thomas to second. Ordonez walked, Thomas to third, Cabrera to second. Inge homered to center, Thomas, Cabrera and Ordonez scored. Raburn grounded out to shortstop. Laird flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Larish at first base. Jackson pitching for Tigers. Sweeney struck out swinging. Kennedy singled to center. Hannahan grounded out to second, Kennedy to second. Cunningham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Powell at first base. Davis in center field. Sweeney in right field. Cunningham in left field. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Everett grounded out to pitcher. Granderson singled to center. Polanco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Granderson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Perry pitching for Tigers. Cabrera struck out swinging. Suzuki flied out to right. Powell singled to left. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Thomas singled to center. Larish grounded out to first, Thomas to second. Anderson hit for Ordonez. Anderson grounded out to third. Inge singled to left, Thomas scored. Raburn grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. French pitching for Tigers. Cust grounded out to second. Sweeney grounded out to second. Kennedy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 1 - Tigers 14.	Tigers hit 2 grand slams to punish Athletics