Tigers - Top 1st. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Anderson bunt grounded out to catcher. Polanco flied out to left. Ordonez singled to deep right. Cabrera lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Willis pitching for Tigers. Roberts walked. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Roberts out at second. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jones out at second. Huff popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Granderson grounded out to second. Inge struck out swinging. Thomas grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Willis pitching for Tigers. Mora walked. Scott singled to right, Mora to second. Wieters flied out to right, Mora thrown out at third. Reimold struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Laird struck out swinging. Everett flied out to right. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Willis pitching for Tigers. Izturis grounded out to second. Roberts reached on infield single to shortstop. Jones singled to deep right center, Roberts to third. Markakis singled to right, Roberts scored, Jones to third. Huff grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jones out at home, Markakis to second. Mora singled to right, Markakis to third, Huff to second. Scott homered to right, Markakis, Huff and Mora scored. Wieters grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Polanco flied out to right. Ordonez grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Willis pitching for Tigers. Reimold doubled to deep left center. Izturis singled to right, Reimold to third. Roberts hit sacrifice fly to right, Reimold scored. Jones singled to center, Izturis to second. Markakis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Granderson grounded out to second. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Thomas singled to center. Laird flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Willis pitching for Tigers. Huff grounded out to shortstop. Mora grounded out to pitcher. Scott homered to right. Wieters grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Everett grounded out to shortstop. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Reimold popped out to shortstop. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Ordonez singled to left center. Cabrera doubled to deep right center, Ordonez to third. Granderson singled to left, Ordonez scored, Cabrera to third. Inge grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera scored, Granderson out at second. Thomas lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Jones grounded out to second. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Markakis flied out to right. Huff singled to center. Mora grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Laird grounded out to third. Everett flied out to center. Anderson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Scott walked. Pie ran for Scott. Wieters struck out looking. Reimold walked, Pie to second. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pie out at third, Reimold to second. Roberts struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Polanco doubled to deep left. Ordonez singled to left, Polanco to third. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Cabrera flied out to left. Granderson struck out swinging. Inge popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 2 - Orioles 7.	O's stop Tigers in Wieters' big league debut