Tigers - Top 1st. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Kelly doubled to deep right center. Santiago sacrificed to pitcher, Kelly to third. Anderson grounded out to first. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Willis pitching for Tigers. McCutchen walked. An LaRoche singled to center, McCutchen to second. Sanchez reached on bunt single to first, McCutchen to third, An LaRoche to second. Monroe walked, McCutchen scored, An LaRoche to third, Sanchez to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to first, An LaRoche out at home, Sanchez to third, Monroe to second. Hinske walked, Sanchez scored, Monroe to third, Young to second. Diaz hit sacrifice fly to center, Monroe scored, Young to third. Wilson flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Granderson fouled out to catcher. Inge popped out to second. Laird flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Willis pitching for Tigers. Ohlendorf walked. McCutchen reached on infield single to pitcher, Ohlendorf to second. An LaRoche grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCutchen out at second, Ohlendorf to third. Sanchez grounded into double play, third to second to first, An LaRoche out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Everett popped out to shortstop. Willis grounded out to pitcher. Kelly popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Willis pitching for Tigers. Monroe walked. Young singled to right, Monroe to third. Hinske walked, Young to second. Diaz popped out to second. Wilson popped out to first. Ohlendorf grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Santiago walked. Anderson singled to left, Santiago to third. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Anderson out at second. Granderson grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Santiago scored, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Willis pitching for Tigers. McCutchen walked. McCutchen stole second. An LaRoche grounded out to first, McCutchen to third. Sanchez singled to right center, McCutchen scored. Monroe struck out swinging. Young singled to left, Sanchez to second. Hinske walked, Sanchez to third, Young to second. Miner pitching for Tigers. Diaz singled to center, Sanchez and Young scored, Hinske to second. Wilson flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Inge flied out to left. Laird grounded out to shortstop. Everett hit by pitch. Miner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Ohlendorf grounded out to pitcher. McCutchen struck out swinging. An LaRoche fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Kelly walked. Santiago popped out to second. Anderson popped out to shortstop. Cabrera popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Sanchez popped out to second. Monroe struck out looking. Young singled to right. Hinske walked, Young to second. Diaz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Young out at third, Hinske to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Jackson pitching for Pirates. Granderson walked. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to third, Granderson out at second. Laird singled to right, Inge to second. Everett grounded into fielder's choice to third, Inge out at third, Laird to second. Thames hit for Miner. Thames singled to left, Laird to third, Everett to second. Kelly singled to right, Laird and Everett scored, Thames to third. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Polanco hit for Santiago. Polanco flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Polanco at second base. Thames in left field. Wilson grounded out to third. Moss hit for Burnett. Moss hit by pitch. McCutchen singled to left, Moss to third. An LaRoche grounded out to third, McCutchen to second. Sanchez intentionally walked. Monroe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Morgan in left field. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Raburn hit for Anderson. Raburn walked. Cabrera popped out to second. Granderson grounded out to second, Raburn to second. Inge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Raburn in right field. Young walked. Hinske struck out looking. Diaz flied out to center. Wilson popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Laird walked. Everett grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Laird out at second. Thames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 3 - Pirates 6.	Pirates walk over Tigers as Willis still struggles