Tigers - Top 1st. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Granderson singled to center. Polanco singled to left, Granderson to third, Polanco to second advancing on throw. Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Thurston, Granderson scored, Polanco to third. Thames grounded out to third, Polanco scored, Cabrera to second. Raburn struck out looking. Inge singled to right center, Cabrera scored. Laird doubled to left, Inge scored. Everett grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Schumaker grounded out to third. Rasmus flied out to right. Ludwick walked. Duncan singled to left, Ludwick to second. Ankiel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Porcello grounded out to shortstop. Granderson flied out to center. Polanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Molina singled to right. Thurston singled to left, Molina to second. Pineiro grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Molina scored on throwing error by catcher Laird, Thurston safe at third on throwing error by catcher Laird. Greene reached on infield single to second, Thurston scored, Pineiro to third. Schumaker grounded out to first, Greene to second. Rasmus struck out swinging. Ludwick flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Thames lined out to shortstop. Raburn fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Duncan walked. Ankiel grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Duncan out at second. Molina grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Inge struck out swinging. Laird grounded out to third. Everett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Thurston bunt grounded out to catcher. Pineiro struck out swinging. Greene popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Porcello grounded out to pitcher. Granderson flied out to right. Polanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Schumaker singled to right. Rasmus singled to left center, Schumaker to second. Ludwick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rasmus out at second, Schumaker to third. Duncan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schumaker scored, Ludwick out at second. Ankiel singled to center, Duncan to second. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to third, Duncan out at third, Ankiel to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera flied out to right. Thames grounded out to third. Raburn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Thurston grounded out to second. Pineiro flied out to center. Greene doubled to left. Seay pitching for Tigers. Anderson in right field. Schumaker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Inge singled to center. Laird flied out to center. Everett lined out to right. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Pujols hit for Rasmus. Seay pitching for Tigers. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Ludwick walked. Duncan struck out looking. Ankiel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Pujols at first base. Duncan in left field. Ankiel in center field. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Granderson struck out swinging. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Polanco homered to left. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Thames homered to left. Kelly hit for Seay. Kelly singled to center. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kelly out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Lyon pitching for Tigers. Kelly in left field. Molina singled to center. Thurston lined out to shortstop. Greene hit for Motte. Greene struck out swinging. Greene flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Kinney pitching for Cardinals. Laird flied out to right. Everett walked. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Everett out at second. Granderson singled to center, Anderson to second. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Anderson out at third, Granderson to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Schumaker walked. Pujols flied out to left. Schumaker to second on wild pitch by Rodney. Ludwick walked. Duncan walked, Schumaker to third, Ludwick to second. Ankiel grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Duncan out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 6 - Cardinals 3.	Tigers rookie Porcello gets 7th win in 9 starts