Brewers - Top 1st. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Counsell grounded out to second. McGehee singled to right. Braun safe at first on error by third baseman Inge, McGehee to second. Fielder homered to right, McGehee and Braun scored. Hart tripled to deep center. Cameron popped out to second. Hardy popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Looper pitching for Brewers. Granderson singled to left. Polanco struck out looking. Cabrera struck out swinging. Thames homered to left, Granderson scored. Kelly singled to center. Inge lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Gamel singled to left. Kendall grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gamel out at second. Counsell singled to center. McGehee walked, Counsell to second. Braun grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Looper pitching for Brewers. Anderson flied out to center. Ryan struck out swinging. Everett flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Fielder reached on infield single to second. Hart flied out to center. Cameron struck out swinging. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fielder out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Looper pitching for Brewers. Granderson popped out to shortstop. Polanco grounded out to second. Cabrera homered to left. Thames flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Gamel doubled to deep right. Kendall singled to right, Gamel to third. Counsell hit sacrifice fly to left, Gamel scored. McGehee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kendall out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Looper pitching for Brewers. Kelly grounded out to second. Inge struck out swinging. Anderson singled to left. Ryan doubled to deep left, Anderson scored. Everett singled to center, Ryan scored, Everett to second advancing on throw. Granderson homered to right, Everett scored. Narveson pitching for Brewers. Polanco struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Braun struck out swinging. Fielder lined out to shortstop. Hart safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Everett. Cameron grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hart out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Narveson pitching for Brewers. Cabrera lined out to center. Thames flied out to right. Kelly grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Hardy safe at first on error by third baseman Inge. Gamel struck out looking. Kendall walked, Hardy to second. Counsell grounded into double play, first to shortstop to third, Kendall out at second, Hardy out at third, Counsell to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Narveson pitching for Brewers. Inge tripled to deep right. Raburn hit for Anderson. Raburn hit by pitch. Ryan struck out swinging. Everett hit sacrifice fly to center, Inge scored, Raburn to second. Raburn to third on wild pitch by Narveson. Granderson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Raburn in right field. Miner pitching for Tigers. McGehee singled to deep left. Braun struck out swinging. Seay pitching for Tigers. Fielder flied out to left. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Hart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Narveson pitching for Brewers. Polanco lined out to center. Cabrera singled to right. Thames homered to right, Cabrera scored. Kelly batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 4 - Tigers 10.	Thames hits 2 HRs \n\n