Tigers - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Granderson grounded out to second. Polanco flied out to left. Ordonez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Podsednik reached on bunt single to second. Beckham singled to center, Podsednik scored. Ramirez flied out to left. Konerko grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Beckham out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Cabrera singled to left center. Huff grounded into double play, first to pitcher, Cabrera out at second. Guillen grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Dye walked. Quentin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dye out at second. Rios homered to left. Nix struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Inge flied out to left. Laird popped out to catcher. Everett flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Flowers walked. Podsednik grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Flowers out at second. Beckham grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Granderson flied out to center. Polanco flied out to center. Ordonez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Ramirez singled to left. Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Robertson. Konerko struck out swinging. Dye intentionally walked. Quentin homered to left, Ramirez and Dye scored. Rios singled to left. Figaro pitching for Tigers. Nix grounded out to third, Rios to second. Flowers struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Cabrera homered to left. Huff reached on infield single to shortstop. Guillen flied out to center. Inge struck out swinging. Laird grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Figaro pitching for Tigers. Podsednik singled to center. Beckham fouled out to first. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Podsednik out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Everett grounded out to shortstop. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco singled to right. Ordonez doubled to deep right, Polanco to third. Cabrera singled to center, Polanco and Ordonez scored. Huff flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Figaro pitching for Tigers. Konerko grounded out to second. Dye grounded out to second. Quentin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Guillen singled to right center. Inge struck out swinging. Laird singled to left, Guillen to second. Everett singled to left, Guillen scored, Laird to second. Granderson singled to center, Laird scored, Everett to third. Pena pitching for White Sox. Polanco singled to right, Everett scored, Granderson to third. Ordonez singled to right, Granderson scored, Polanco to second. Thomas ran for Ordonez. Cabrera fouled out to right, Polanco to third, Thomas to second. Williams pitching for White Sox. Thames hit for Huff. Thames intentionally walked. Guillen grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Thomas in right field. Raburn in left field. Miner pitching for Tigers. Rios struck out swinging. Wise hit for Nix. Wise singled to right. Flowers struck out swinging. Podsednik grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Lillibridge at second base. Linebrink pitching for White Sox. Inge struck out looking. Laird singled to center. Laird stole second. Everett struck out swinging. Granderson tripled to deep left, Laird scored. Polanco doubled to left, Granderson scored. Thomas singled to center, Polanco scored. Thomas to second on wild pitch by Linebrink. Cabrera singled to right, Thomas scored. Nunez pitching for White Sox. Thames walked, Cabrera to second. Raburn reached on infield single to pitcher, Cabrera to third, Thames to second. Inge grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Lyon pitching for Tigers. Beckham walked. Ramirez lined out to shortstop. Fields hit for Konerko. Fields grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Beckham out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Fields at first base. Nunez pitching for White Sox. Laird doubled to right center. Laird to third on wild pitch by Nunez. Everett popped out to shortstop. Granderson singled to right center, Laird scored. Polanco walked, Granderson to second. Thomas popped out to second. Cabrera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Lyon pitching for Tigers. Dye flied out to right. Quentin grounded out to shortstop. Rios grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 12 - White Sox 5.	Cabrera's 100th RBI keys Tigers