Rangers - Top 1st . Zink pitching for Red Sox . Kinsler flied out to left . Young fouled out to first . Hamilton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Drew walked . Pedroia singled to center , Drew to second . Ortiz homered to right , Drew and Pedroia scored . Youkilis struck out swinging . Lowell singled to center . Bay safe at first on error by third baseman Vazquez , Lowell to second . Lowell stole third . Bay stole second . Lowrie doubled to deep left , Lowell and Bay scored . Crisp flied out to center . Cash walked . Drew singled to right , Lowrie scored , Cash to second , Cash to third advancing on throw . Pedroia reached on infield single to third , Cash scored , Drew to second . Ortiz homered to center , Drew and Pedroia scored . Youkilis struck out looking . 10 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Zink pitching for Red Sox . Bradley walked . Byrd singled to right , Bradley to second . Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher , Bradley to third , Byrd to second . Laird fouled out to right . Davis singled to right , Bradley and Byrd scored . Vazquez singled to center , Davis to second . Kinsler popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Lowell grounded out to third . Bay grounded out to shortstop . Lowrie doubled to deep center . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Zink pitching for Red Sox . Young singled to left . Hamilton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Young out at second . Bradley struck out looking . Byrd singled to center , Hamilton to second . Catalanotto flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Cash lined out to left . Drew singled to left . Pedroia singled to right , Drew to second . Ortiz grounded out to second , Drew to third , Pedroia to second . Youkilis walked . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Lowell walked , Drew scored , Pedroia to third , Youkilis to second . Bay reached on infield single to third , Pedroia scored , Youkilis to third , Lowell to second . Lowrie grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bay out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Zink pitching for Red Sox . Laird flied out to center . Davis flied out to right . Vazquez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Crisp reached on infield single to first . Cash grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crisp out at second . Drew walked . Pedroia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Drew out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Zink pitching for Red Sox . Kinsler doubled to deep center . Young grounded out to third . Kinsler to third on wild pitch by Zink . Hamilton singled to right , Kinsler scored . Bradley singled to left , Hamilton to second . Byrd doubled to deep center , Hamilton scored , Bradley to third . Catalanotto doubled to deep left center , Bradley and Byrd scored . Laird doubled to deep center , Catalanotto to third . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Davis singled to left , Catalanotto scored . Vazquez struck out looking . Aardsma pitching for Red Sox . Kinsler homered to center , Laird and Davis scored . Young struck out swinging . 8 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Rupe pitching for Rangers . Ortiz hit ground rule double to deep center . Youkilis homered to center , Ortiz scored . Lowell struck out swinging . Bay walked . Lowrie grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bay out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Aardsma pitching for Red Sox . Hamilton walked . Bradley singled to right , Hamilton to third . Byrd singled to center , Hamilton scored , Bradley to second . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Catalanotto doubled to deep right , Bradley scored , Byrd to third . Laird hit sacrifice fly to right , Byrd scored , Catalanotto to third . Davis safe at first on error by first baseman Youkilis , Catalanotto scored . Vazquez singled to deep right , Davis to third . Kinsler hit sacrifice fly to center , Davis scored . Young flied out to right . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Madrigal pitching for Rangers . Crisp walked . Cash struck out swinging . Drew flied out to center . Crisp caught stealing second , catcher to second . Pedroia batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Hamilton doubled to center . Bradley struck out looking . Byrd singled to deep right center , Hamilton scored . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Ellison hit for Catalanotto . Ellison flied out to right . Byrd to second on wild pitch by Okajima . Laird walked . Davis hit by pitch , Byrd to third , Laird to second . Vazquez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Ellison in left field . Wright pitching for Rangers . Pedroia singled to left . Ortiz walked , Pedroia to second . Youkilis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pedroia scored on throwing error by pitcher Wright , Ortiz safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Wright . Lowell struck out looking . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Youkilis out at second , Ortiz to third . Lowrie flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 8th . Youkilis at third base . Casey at first base . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Kinsler lined out to third . Young grounded out to second . Hamilton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Crisp flied out to center . Ellsbury hit for Cash . Ellsbury walked . Drew flied out to right . Pedroia doubled to deep left , Ellsbury scored . Ortiz intentionally walked . Youkilis homered to left , Pedroia and Ortiz scored . Casey struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Varitek catching . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Bradley struck out swinging . Byrd safe at first on error by third baseman Youkilis . Boggs hit for Ellison . Byrd to second on fielder 's indifference . Boggs doubled to deep center , Byrd scored . Laird flied out to right . Davis lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 17 - Red Sox 19 .	Ortiz , Youkilis pair for 4 HRs as BoSox win 19 - 17