Brewers - Top 1st . Lohse pitching for Twins . Podsednik reached on infield single to catcher . Spivey grounded out to third , Podsednik to second . Podsednik caught stealing third , pitcher to third . Jenkins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Brewers . Guzman doubled to deep right center . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . Ford struck out swinging . LeCroy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Lohse pitching for Twins . Overbay grounded out to catcher . Grieve grounded out to pitcher . Liefer walked . Hall grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Jones grounded out to second . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Lohse pitching for Twins . Counsell struck out looking . Moeller reached on infield single to shortstop . Podsednik grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Moeller out at second . Spivey grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Blanco flied out to right . Rivas grounded out to third . Guzman doubled to left center . Mientkiewicz walked . Ford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Jenkins popped out to shortstop . Overbay homered to right center . Grieve grounded out to second . Liefer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Brewers . LeCroy walked . Hunter struck out swinging . Jones singled to shallow left , LeCroy to second . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Blanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Hall flied out to right . Counsell singled to right . Moeller singled to right center , Counsell to third . Podsednik doubled to deep right , Counsell scored , Moeller to third . Spivey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moeller out at home . Jenkins grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Rivas doubled to deep left . Guzman reached on infield single to third , Rivas to third . Mientkiewicz hit by pitch , Guzman to second . Ford lined out to second . LeCroy hit sacrifice fly to left , Rivas scored , Guzman to third . Hunter grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Overbay struck out swinging . Grieve reached on infield single to third . Liefer flied out to right . Hall grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Jones singled to right . Jones caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher . Cuddyer walked . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cuddyer out at second . Rivas flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Counsell reached on infield single to shortstop . Moeller sacrificed to first , Counsell to second , Moeller safe at first on error by catcher Blanco . Podsednik sacrificed to catcher , Counsell to third , Moeller to second . Spivey struck out swinging . Jenkins walked . Fultz pitching for Twins . Clark hit for Grieve . Overbay walked , Counsell scored , Moeller to third , Jenkins to second . Ginter hit for Liefer . Clark reached on infield single to shortstop , Moeller scored , Jenkins to third , Overbay to second . Roa pitching for Twins . Ginter walked , Jenkins scored , Overbay to third , Clark to second . Hall walked , Overbay scored , Clark to third , Ginter to second . Clark in right field . Counsell flied out to center . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 7th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Guzman singled to center . Mientkiewicz lined out to left . Bennett pitching for Brewers . Ford doubled to deep left , Guzman to third . LeCroy grounded out to third , Guzman scored . Hunter singled to right , Ford scored . Jones grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Roa pitching for Twins . Moeller grounded out to third . Podsednik doubled to deep right . Podsednik to third on wild pitch by Roa . Spivey grounded out to shortstop , Podsednik scored . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Jenkins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Mauer hit for Blanco . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . Mauer catching . Balfour pitching for Twins . Rivas popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Balfour pitching for Twins . Overbay struck out swinging . Clark bunt grounded out to pitcher . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Ginter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Guzman flied out to center . Mientkiewicz grounded out to third . Ford grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 7 - Twins 3 .	Davis wins fourth straight start for Brewers