Twins - Top 1st . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Guzman flied out to left . Ford fouled out to shortstop . Mauer tripled to deep left center . Koskie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Lohse pitching for Twins . Alomar flied out to center . Finley singled to center . Bautista singled to right , Finley to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Hunter doubled to deep right . Jones grounded out to pitcher , Hunter to third . Mientkiewicz homered to right , Hunter scored . Rivas struck out swinging . Lohse struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Lohse pitching for Twins . Hillenbrand flied out to right . Tracy grounded out to first . Cintron doubled to left . Brito flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Guzman safe at first on error by second baseman Alomar . Ford fouled out to left . Mauer hit ground rule double to deep left , Guzman to third . Koskie singled to center , Guzman and Mauer scored . Hunter grounded out to third , Koskie to second . Jones singled to center , Koskie scored , Jones out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Lohse pitching for Twins . Sparks flied out to right . Alomar singled to center . Finley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Alomar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Mientkiewicz grounded out to second . Rivas singled to right . Lohse sacrificed to pitcher , Rivas to second . Guzman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Bautista singled to left . Gonzalez flied out to center . Hillenbrand singled to center , Bautista to second . Tracy doubled to left , Bautista scored , Hillenbrand to third . Cintron reached on infield single to second , Hillenbrand scored , Tracy to third . Hairston hit for Sparks . Brito grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tracy scored , Cintron safe at third on error by shortstop Guzman , Brito safe at second on error by shortstop Guzman . Hairston singled to center , Cintron scored , Brito to third , Hairston to second advancing on throw . Alomar grounded out to first , Brito scored , Hairston to third . Valera pitching for Diamondbacks . Finley flied out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 5th . Ford fouled out to first . Mauer walked . Koskie flied out to left . Mauer stole second . Hunter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Bautista grounded out to third . Gonzalez singled to right center . Hillenbrand singled to left center , Gonzalez to second . Tracy lined out to right . Cintron grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones singled to left . Jones caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Mientkiewicz walked . Restovich hit for Lohse . Rivas flied out to left . Romero pitching for Twins . Restovich grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Green hit for Aquino . Romero pitching for Twins . Brito grounded out to shortstop . Green walked . Alomar fouled out to first . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Finley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Guzman popped out to second . Ford grounded out to shortstop . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Romero pitching for Twins . Bautista lined out to left . Gonzalez popped out to third . Hillenbrand struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Koskie struck out swinging . Hunter struck out swinging . Jones flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Romero pitching for Twins . Tracy grounded out to first . Cintron grounded out to third . Brito grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Mientkiewicz lined out to center . LeCroy hit for Romero . Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks . Olson at shortstop . Rivas walked . Punto ran for LeCroy . LeCroy doubled to deep right center , Rivas to third , Rivas scored on error by right fielder Bautista . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Punto out at third . Nathan pitching for Twins . Ford struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Olson flied out to center . Alomar flied out to center . Finley singled to center . Bautista struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 6 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Errors of their ways : D - Backs lose again