Yankees - Top 1st . Silva pitching for Twins . Williams singled to right . Jeter sacrificed to third , Williams to second . Sheffield doubled to left , Williams scored . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Matsui struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Yankees . Stewart reached on infield single to second . Jones struck out swinging . Hunter walked , Stewart to second . Stewart to third , Hunter to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Morneau struck out swinging . Stewart scored , Hunter to third on wild pitch by Hernandez . Offerman lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Silva pitching for Twins . Posada struck out looking . Olerud grounded out to shortstop . Cairo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Yankees . Koskie grounded out to second . Guzman grounded out to second . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Silva pitching for Twins . Lofton flied out to left . Williams grounded out to second . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Yankees . Rivas struck out swinging . Stewart doubled to deep center . Jones grounded out to shortstop , Stewart to third . Hunter fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Silva pitching for Twins . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Matsui flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Yankees . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . Offerman walked . Koskie grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Offerman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Ford in center field . Silva pitching for Twins . Posada doubled to deep center . Olerud grounded out to second , Posada to third . Cairo singled to left center , Posada scored . Cairo to second on wild pitch by Silva . Lofton walked . Williams singled to center , Cairo scored , Lofton to second . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Williams out at second , Lofton to third . Sheffield homered to left center , Lofton and Jeter scored . Rodriguez singled to left . Matsui struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Yankees . Guzman singled to center . Blanco flied out to left . Rivas struck out swinging . Stewart popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Silva pitching for Twins . Posada doubled to deep center . Posada to third on wild pitch by Silva . Roa pitching for Twins . Olerud singled to right , Posada scored . Cairo popped out to second . Lofton struck out swinging . Williams singled to right , Olerud to second . Jeter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Yankees . Jones singled to center . Ford singled to left , Jones to second . Morneau grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at third , Ford to second . Offerman doubled to deep right center , Ford scored , Morneau to third . Koskie hit sacrifice fly , right to third , Morneau scored , Offerman out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Roa pitching for Twins . Sheffield walked . Rodriguez homered to left , Sheffield scored . Matsui walked . Posada struck out swinging . Olerud grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Matsui out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . LeCroy hit for Blanco . Hernandez pitching for Yankees . Guzman walked . LeCroy struck out swinging . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Rivas doubled to left , Guzman scored . Stewart singled to right , Rivas to third . Jones doubled to deep right center , Rivas and Stewart scored . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Ford tripled to right , Jones scored . Morneau grounded out to first , Ford scored . Bowen catching . Rincon pitching for Twins . Offerman struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Cairo grounded out to second . Lofton struck out swinging . Williams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Koskie singled to right . Guzman singled to right , Koskie to third . Bowen popped out to shortstop . Rivas struck out swinging . Stewart tripled to deep right , Koskie and Guzman scored . Nathan pitching for Twins . Jones flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Jeter grounded out to first . Sheffield homered to left center . Rodriguez singled to center . Rodriguez stole second . Matsui singled to right , Rodriguez scored , Matsui thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Posada walked . Sierra hit for Cairo . Romero pitching for Twins . Olerud singled to right , Posada to second . Wilson at second base . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Sierra singled to center , Posada scored , Olerud to third , Olerud scored , Sierra to second on throwing error by center fielder Ford . R Sierra out at third in rundown . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Ford struck out looking . Morneau struck out swinging . Offerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 13 - Twins 10 .	Yanks rock Nathan , avoid sweep