Nationals - Top 1st. Nola pitching for Phillies. Turner reached on infield single to shortstop. Turner stole second. Eaton walked. Harper flied out to center. Murphy singled to right, Turner to third, Eaton to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Difo at shortstop. Guthrie pitching for Nationals. Hernández doubled to left. Kendrick singled to right, Hernández to third. Kendrick stole second. Herrera walked. Franco hit sacrifice fly to right, Hernández scored, Kendrick to third. Saunders singled to right, Kendrick scored, Herrera to second. Joseph singled to center, Herrera scored, Saunders to third. Rupp walked, Joseph to second. Galvis hit sacrifice fly to center, Saunders scored. Nola walked, Joseph to third, Rupp to second. Hernández walked, Joseph scored, Rupp to third, Nola to second. Kendrick tripled to deep right center, Rupp, Nola and Hernández scored. Herrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Kendrick scored. Romero pitching for Nationals. Franco doubled to right center, Herrera scored. Saunders doubled to deep right center, Franco scored. Joseph singled to center, Saunders scored. Rupp struck out swinging. 12 Runs, 9 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Nola pitching for Phillies. Werth struck out swinging. Rendon struck out looking. Wieters struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Romero pitching for Nationals. Galvis struck out swinging. Nola singled to right. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to second, Nola safe at second on error by second baseman Murphy. Kendrick lined out to right. Herrera safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Difo, Nola scored, Hernández to third, Herrera to second advancing on play. Franco grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Nola pitching for Phillies. Romero struck out swinging. Difo flied out to left. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Blanton pitching for Nationals. Saunders struck out swinging. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. Rupp lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Nola pitching for Phillies. Harper struck out looking. Murphy doubled to deep left. Zimmerman grounded out to second, Murphy to third. Werth singled to left, Murphy scored. Rendon struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Blanton pitching for Nationals. Galvis struck out swinging. Nola struck out swinging. Hernández grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Nola pitching for Phillies. Wieters grounded out to third. Blanton walked. Difo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blanton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Blanton pitching for Nationals. Kendrick flied out to right. Herrera grounded out to third. Franco lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Nola pitching for Phillies. Eaton struck out looking. Harper singled to right. Murphy doubled to right, Harper to third. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop, Harper scored. Werth singled to deep right, Murphy scored, Werth out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Nationals. Saunders tripled to deep right center. Joseph hit sacrifice fly to center, Saunders scored. Rupp lined out to left. Galvis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Neshek pitching for Phillies. Rendon reached on infield single to third. Wieters lined out to shortstop. Lind flied out to left. Difo reached on infield single to shortstop, Rendon to second. Eaton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Nationals. Blanco homered to left (369 feet). Hernández tripled to deep center. Kendrick singled to center, Hernández scored. Herrera grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Kendrick out at second. Franco struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Harper popped out to shortstop. Murphy struck out swinging. Heisey grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Kelley pitching for Nationals. Saunders struck out looking. Joseph struck out swinging. Rupp homered to right (371 feet). Altherr walked. Blanco struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Drew struck out swinging. Rendon singled to center. Wieters flied out to right. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 3 - Phillies 17.	Record 12-run first inning helps Phillies rout Nats 17-3