Nationals - Top 1st. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Eaton flied out to center. Turner lined out to center. Harper walked. Murphy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Blackmon struck out looking. LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher. Arenado homered to left center (420 feet). Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Lind flied out to left. Werth walked. Wieters walked, Werth to second. Difo doubled to deep right, Werth scored, Wieters to third. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Eaton grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Story struck out looking. Parra flied out to left. Valaika doubled to right. Garneau grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Turner doubled to deep left. Harper grounded out to second, Turner to third. Murphy grounded out to third, Turner scored. Lind flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Senzatela flied out to right. Blackmon singled to center. LeMahieu walked, Blackmon to second. Arenado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, LeMahieu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Werth singled to right center. Wieters grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Werth out at second. Difo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Reynolds struck out swinging. Story walked. Parra walked, Story to second. Valaika singled to shallow center, Story scored, Parra to third. Garneau grounded into double play, third to second to first, Valaika out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Eaton homered to right center (413 feet). Turner reached on infield single to shortstop. Harper grounded out to second, Turner to second. Murphy grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Senzatela struck out swinging. Blackmon doubled to deep right center. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Arenado grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Lind lined out to right. Werth hit by pitch. Wieters singled to right, Werth to second. Werth stole third, Wieters stole second. Difo popped out to second. Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop, Werth scored, Wieters tagged out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Reynolds grounded out to third. Story struck out swinging. Parra singled to shallow center. Valaika fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Eaton doubled to deep left center. Turner lined out to right, Eaton to third. Harper grounded into fielder's choice to first, Eaton scored, Harper to second on throwing error by pitcher Estévez. Murphy doubled to left, Harper scored. Lind singled to center, Murphy scored. Werth singled to center, Lind to second. Wieters grounded out to pitcher, Lind to third, Werth to second. Difo intentionally walked. Gonzalez walked, Lind scored, Werth to third, Difo to second. Parra in left field. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Amarista in right field. Eaton walked, Werth scored, Difo to third, Gonzalez to second. Turner singled to center, Difo and Gonzalez scored, Eaton to second. Harper homered to right center (441 feet), Eaton and Turner scored. Murphy singled to right. Lind doubled to shallow right center, Murphy scored. Werth flied out to left. 11 Runs, 8 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Garneau singled to left. Amarista grounded into fielder's choice to first, Garneau out at second. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Amarista out at second. Albers pitching for Nationals. Heisey in left field. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Adames at second base. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Wieters struck out swinging. Difo singled to shallow right. Heisey struck out swinging. Eaton walked, Difo to second. Turner grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Albers pitching for Nationals. Arenado grounded out to second. Reynolds grounded out to second. Story grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Adames at first base. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Wolters at second base. Harper grounded out to shortstop. Murphy homered to right center (396 feet). Lind popped out to shortstop. Taylor hit for Albers. Taylor singled to left. Wieters singled to right, Taylor to third. Difo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Eaton in right field. Blanton pitching for Nationals. Taylor in center field. Parra struck out swinging. Wolters tripled to right. Garneau safe at first on error by first baseman Lind, Wolters scored. Amarista singled to center, Garneau to third. Amarista to second on fielder's indifference. Blackmon doubled to deep right, Garneau and Amarista scored. Adames flied out to left. Arenado flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Nationals 16 - Rockies 5.	Harper homers in 11-run 7th, Turner, Nats rout Rockies 16-5