Nationals - Top 1st. Dickey pitching for Braves. Turner grounded out to third. Werth grounded out to shortstop. Harper struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Inciarte reached on bunt single to third. Phillips popped out to second. Markakis flied out to center. Kemp reached on infield single to shortstop, Inciarte to second. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Dickey pitching for Braves. Zimmerman reached on infield single to third. Murphy grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Zimmerman out at second. Rendon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Camargo singled to shallow right. Peterson lined out to center. Swanson homered to left center (412 feet), Camargo scored. Dickey struck out swinging, Dickey safe at first on wild pitch by Gonzalez. Inciarte grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dickey out at second. Inciarte stole second. Phillips lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Dickey pitching for Braves. Wieters popped out to shortstop. Taylor doubled to deep center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Turner reached on infield single to second, Taylor scored. Werth walked, Turner to second. Harper doubled to right, Turner and Werth scored, Harper to third advancing on throw. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Markakis struck out looking. Kemp homered to center (413 feet). Suzuki walked. Camargo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Dickey pitching for Braves. Murphy homered to center (420 feet). Rendon struck out looking. Wieters doubled to deep right. Taylor singled to right, Wieters to third. Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher, Taylor to second. Turner grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Peterson struck out looking. Swanson walked. Dickey sacrificed to first, Swanson to second. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Dickey pitching for Braves. Werth grounded out to shortstop. Harper lined out to center. Zimmerman walked. Murphy doubled to deep right center, Zimmerman to third. Rendon walked. Wieters popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Phillips singled to center. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Phillips out at second. Kemp walked, Markakis to second. Suzuki doubled to deep right center, Markakis scored, Kemp to third. Camargo struck out swinging. Peterson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Dickey pitching for Braves. Taylor grounded out to third. Gonzalez singled to right center. Motte pitching for Braves. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. Turner stole second. Werth grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Swanson doubled to shallow left. Bonifacio hit for Motte. Bonifacio grounded out to third. Inciarte singled to shallow center, Swanson thrown out at home, Inciarte to second advancing on throw. Grace pitching for Nationals. Phillips intentionally walked. Inciarte stole third. Phillips stole second. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Ramírez pitching for Braves. Harper popped out to third. Zimmerman grounded out to first. Murphy lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Kelley pitching for Nationals. Kemp singled to left center. Suzuki struck out swinging. Camargo struck out swinging. Peterson walked, Kemp to second. Swanson walked, Kemp to third, Peterson to second. Ruiz hit for Ramírez. Ruiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Vizcaíno pitching for Braves. Rendon grounded out to third. Wieters struck out swinging. Taylor struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Romero pitching for Nationals. Inciarte struck out swinging. Phillips walked. Phillips stole second. Markakis singled to right, Phillips scored. Kemp lined out to right. Suzuki homered to left (397 feet), Markakis scored. Camargo flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Braves. Lind hit for Romero. Lind grounded out to shortstop. Turner grounded out to third. Werth grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 4 - Braves 7.	Markakis, Suzuki deliver in 8th, Braves beat Nationals 7-4