Nationals - Top 1st. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Goodwin flied out to center. Taylor reached on infield single to shortstop. Harper grounded into fielder's choice to second, Taylor out at second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Roark pitching for Nationals. Carpenter walked. Pham singled to right, Carpenter to second. Piscotty grounded out to third, Carpenter to third, Pham to second. Gyorko lined out to shortstop. Molina lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Murphy doubled to right. Rendon flied out to center, Murphy to third. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to second, Murphy out at home. Lobatón struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Grichuk grounded out to shortstop. DeJong struck out swinging. Garcia walked. Leake walked, Garcia to second. Carpenter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Roark grounded out to first. Goodwin grounded out to second. Taylor singled to left. Taylor picked off first. Harper batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Pham walked. Piscotty walked, Pham to second. Gyorko reached on infield single to shortstop, Pham to third, Piscotty to second. Molina singled to center, Pham and Piscotty scored, Gyorko to second. Grichuk struck out swinging. DeJong grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second, Gyorko to third. Garcia singled to left center, Gyorko scored, DeJong to second. Leake lined out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Harper walked. Zimmerman singled to right, Harper to third. Murphy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harper scored, Zimmerman out at second. Rendon grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Turner pitching for Nationals. Carpenter doubled to deep right center. Pham grounded out to third. Carpenter to third on wild pitch by Turner. Piscotty walked. Gyorko hit ground rule double to deep right center, Carpenter scored, Piscotty to third. Molina singled to center, Piscotty and Gyorko scored. Grichuk lined out to right. DeJong homered to center (426 feet), Molina scored. Garcia struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Drew grounded out to first. Lobatón grounded out to second. Turner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Turner pitching for Nationals. Leake flied out to center. Carpenter flied out to right. Pham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Goodwin grounded out to second. Taylor walked. Harper grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Taylor out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Turner pitching for Nationals. Piscotty struck out looking. Gyorko walked. Gyorko to second on wild pitch by Turner. Molina flied out to center, Gyorko to third. Grichuk lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Mejia at third base. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman singled to left center. Murphy grounded into double play, third to second to first, Zimmerman out at second. Rendon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Turner pitching for Nationals. DeJong flied out to center. Garcia singled to right. Leake singled to left, Garcia to second. Carpenter struck out swinging. Pham grounded out to shortstop. Difo at second base. Blanton pitching for Nationals. Piscotty fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Voit at first base. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Drew walked. Sanchez ran for Drew. Lobatón struck out looking. Difo grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Sanchez at shortstop. Blanton pitching for Nationals. Mejia flied out to right. Fryer hit for Molina. Fryer struck out swinging. Grichuk fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Fryer catching. Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals. Goodwin doubled to deep right. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. Goodwin to third on wild pitch by Tuivailala. Harper walked. Zimmerman popped out to second. Lind hit for Blanton. Harper to second on fielder's indifference. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 1 - Cardinals 8.	Leake and Molina lead Cardinals to 8-1 win over Nationals