Braves - Top 1st. Ross pitching for Nationals. Inciarte bunt grounded out to third. Camargo reached on infield single to shortstop. Freeman grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Camargo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Goodwin walked. Difo walked, Goodwin to second. Harper singled to left, Goodwin to third, Difo to second. Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to right, Goodwin scored, Difo to third, Harper to second. Murphy struck out swinging. Rendon doubled to center, Difo and Harper scored. Wieters struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Kemp struck out swinging. Markakis lined out to center. Adams doubled to right. Flowers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Heisey grounded out to shortstop. Ross singled to left. Goodwin struck out looking. Difo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ross out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Swanson grounded out to second. Newcomb struck out looking. Inciarte walked. Camargo walked, Inciarte to second. Freeman homered to center (389 feet), Inciarte and Camargo scored. Kemp grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Harper grounded out to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Murphy lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Markakis lined out to left. Grace pitching for Nationals. Adams popped out to first. Flowers grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Rendon walked. Wieters walked, Rendon to second. Heisey doubled to deep left center, Rendon scored, Wieters to third. Grace struck out looking. Goodwin struck out swinging. Difo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Grace pitching for Nationals. Swanson grounded out to second. Adams hit for Newcomb. Adams grounded out to third. Inciarte grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Krol pitching for Braves. Harper grounded out to first. Zimmerman walked. Murphy singled to center, Zimmerman to second. Rendon singled to center, Zimmerman to third, Murphy to second. Wieters singled to center, Zimmerman and Murphy scored, Rendon to second. Jackson pitching for Braves. Heisey grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wieters out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Grace pitching for Nationals. Camargo homered to left (422 feet). Freeman singled to right, Freeman to third on error by right fielder Harper. Kemp walked. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Freeman scored, Kemp out at second. Adams struck out swinging. Flowers grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Markakis out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Drew hit for Grace. Jackson pitching for Braves. Drew fouled out to left. Goodwin grounded out to second. Difo singled to right. Harper walked, Difo to second. Zimmerman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Blanton pitching for Nationals. Swanson flied out to right. Phillips hit for Jackson. Phillips grounded out to second. Inciarte flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Ramírez pitching for Braves. Murphy lined out to left. Rendon walked. Rendon stole second, Rendon safe at third on throwing error by catcher Flowers. Wieters hit sacrifice fly to left, Rendon scored. Heisey lined out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 8th. Romero pitching for Nationals. Camargo doubled to deep left. Freeman struck out swinging. Kemp struck out swinging. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Lind hit for Romero. Freeman pitching for Braves. Lind struck out looking. Goodwin singled to left. Difo singled to center, Goodwin to third. Harper singled to right, Goodwin scored, Difo to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Murphy doubled to left, Difo and Harper scored. Morris pitching for Braves. Rendon flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Pérez pitching for Nationals. Adams doubled to deep right. Albers pitching for Nationals. Flowers lined out to second. Swanson struck out swinging. Peterson hit for Morris. Peterson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 5 - Nationals 10.	Anthony Rendon, bullpen lead Nationals over Braves 10-5