Nationals - Top 1st. Peters pitching for Marlins. Turner singled to center. Difo struck out swinging. Rendon walked, Turner to second. Zimmerman singled to left, Turner scored, Rendon to second, Rendon thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Kendrick doubled to left, Zimmerman scored. Werth struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Gordon flied out to center. Stanton grounded out to catcher. Yelich walked. Ozuna grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Peters pitching for Marlins. Taylor singled to right. Lobatón singled to left, Taylor to second. Taylor caught stealing third, catcher to third, Lobatón to second on runner's fielder's choice. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Lobatón picked off second. Turner batting. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Realmuto popped out to second. Moore grounded out to third. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Peters pitching for Marlins. Turner popped out to shortstop. Difo struck out looking. Rendon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Rojas lined out to right. Peters struck out looking. Gordon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Peters pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman homered (427 feet) to right. Kendrick struck out swinging. Werth lined out to left. Taylor struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Stanton walked. Yelich singled to right, Stanton to second. Ozuna walked, Stanton to third, Yelich to second. Realmuto lined out to shortstop. Moore struck out swinging. Anderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Peters pitching for Marlins. Lobatón grounded out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Turner walked. Difo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Rojas flied out to center. Suzuki hit for Peters. Suzuki singled to center. Gordon reached on bunt single to catcher, Suzuki to second. Stanton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Worley pitching for Marlins. Rendon singled to left. Zimmerman singled to right, Rendon to second. Kendrick hit by pitch, Rendon to third, Zimmerman to second. Werth hit sacrifice fly to center, Rendon scored, Zimmerman to third, Kendrick to second. Taylor intentionally walked. Lobatón walked, Zimmerman scored, Kendrick to third, Taylor to second. Lind hit for Gonzalez. Lind grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kendrick scored, Lobatón out at second, Taylor to third. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lind out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. De Aza in right field. Blanton pitching for Nationals. Yelich grounded out to second. Ozuna singled to left. Realmuto singled to shallow right, Ozuna to second. Moore flied out to right, Ozuna to third. Anderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 7th. Telis at first base. Tazawa pitching for Marlins. Difo reached on infield single to second. Rendon flied out to center. Zimmerman flied out to center. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Kelley pitching for Nationals. Rojas flied out to center. Telis lined out to shortstop. Gordon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Tazawa pitching for Marlins. De Aza flied out to left. Taylor homered (427 feet) to left. Lobatón flied out to center. Read hit for Kelley. Read struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Romero pitching for Nationals. Stanton popped out to shortstop. Yelich flied out to center. Ozuna flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Turner doubled to left. Difo lined out to center, Turner to third. Rendon singled to left, Turner scored. Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher, Rendon to second. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Grace pitching for Nationals. Realmuto singled to left. Aviles hit for Nicolino. Aviles grounded out to second, Realmuto to second. Anderson singled to center, Realmuto to third. Rojas grounded out to first, Realmuto scored, Anderson to second. Telis hit by pitch. Gordon grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 8 - Marlins 1.	Nats beat Marlins for 8th time in a row, 8-1