Pirates - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Bostick singled to right center. Marte lined out to right. McCutchen struck out swinging. Bell walked, Bostick to second. Freese walked, Bostick to third, Bell to second. Luplow hit by pitch, Bostick scored, Bell to third, Freese to second. Moroff doubled to shallow left, Bell, Freese and Luplow scored. Stallings singled to left center, Moroff scored. Brault grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Brault pitching for Pirates. Turner doubled to deep center. Harper walked. Turner stole third, Harper stole second. Rendon homered to center (405 feet), Turner and Harper scored. Murphy struck out looking. Zimmerman struck out looking. Werth struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Bostick walked. Marte reached on infield single to second, Bostick to second. McCutchen flied out to center. Bell grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Marte out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Brault pitching for Pirates. Wieters singled to left. Taylor struck out swinging. Gonzalez bunt popped out to first. Turner walked, Wieters to second. Harper singled to left, Wieters to third, Turner to second. Rendon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Freese grounded out to shortstop. Luplow grounded out to pitcher. Moroff grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Brault pitching for Pirates. Murphy singled to shallow left. Zimmerman walked, Murphy to second. Werth doubled to left, Murphy scored, Zimmerman to third. Wieters walked. Sánchez pitching for Pirates. Taylor popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Turner grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Lind at first base. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Stallings lined out to second. Sánchez grounded out to first. Bostick struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Luis Sanchez pitching for Pirates. Harper struck out swinging. Rendon flied out to center. Murphy singled to right. Lind grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Sánchez at third base. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Marte grounded out to third. McCutchen doubled to deep left. Rodríguez ran for McCutchen. Bell singled to right, Rodríguez to third. Freese singled to right, Rodríguez scored, Bell to second. Blanton pitching for Nationals. Luplow grounded into double play, third to second to first, Freese out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Rodríguez in center field. Barbato pitching for Pirates. Werth flied out to center. Wieters walked. Taylor walked, Wieters to second. Lobatón hit for Blanton. Leathersich pitching for Pirates. Lobatón singled to left, Wieters to third, Taylor to second. Turner struck out swinging. Harper grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Difo at second base. Lobatón catching. Roark pitching for Nationals. Moroff walked. Stallings doubled to shallow left, Moroff scored. Polanco hit for Leathersich. Polanco singled to right, Stallings to third. Bostick struck out swinging. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to first, Stallings scored, Polanco out at second. Rodríguez singled to center, Marte to second. Bell struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Santana pitching for Pirates. Sánchez reached on infield single to second. Difo grounded out to first, Sánchez to second. Lind grounded out to second, Sánchez to third. Werth walked. Kendrick hit for Roark. Kendrick lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Kendrick at first base. Adams pitching for Nationals. Jaso hit for Freese. Jaso struck out looking. Luplow walked. Moroff struck out swinging. Stallings walked, Luplow to second. Stewart hit for Santana. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Marte in center field. Rodríguez at third base. Jaso in right field. Luplow in left field. Neverauskas pitching for Pirates. Taylor homered to left (388 feet). Lobatón struck out looking. Turner grounded out to third. Harper singled to right. Sánchez doubled to right center, Harper scored. Difo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. De Aza in right field. Pérez pitching for Nationals. Bostick singled to center. Marte reached on infield single to second, Bostick to second. Rodríguez struck out looking. Bell singled to center, Bostick scored, Marte to third, Bell to second advancing on throw. Osuna hit for Jaso. Osuna grounded out to shortstop. Luplow hit by pitch. Moroff walked, Marte scored, Bell to third, Luplow to second. Albers pitching for Nationals. Stallings reached on infield single to first, Bell scored, Luplow to third, Moroff to second. Frazier hit for Neverauskas. Frazier lined out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Osuna in right field. Hudson pitching for Pirates. De Aza singled to center. Werth flied out to center. Kendrick doubled to shallow right, De Aza to third. Taylor hit by pitch. Lobatón grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Taylor out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Robles in left field. Albers pitching for Nationals. Bostick struck out swinging. Marte lined out to shortstop. Rodríguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Runzler pitching for Pirates. Turner singled to left. Bautista hit for Albers. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Turner out at second. Sánchez struck out swinging. Difo safe at third on error by right fielder Osuna, Bautista scored. De Aza reached on infield single to first, Difo scored. Kontos pitching for Pirates. Robles struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Pirates 11 - Nationals 8.	Nats' Gio Gonzalez gives up 5 in 1st of 11-8 loss to Pirates