Astros - Top 1st . Moore pitching for Rangers . Springer homered to center ( 423 feet ) . Bregman lined out to center . Altuve singled to left center . Gurriel doubled to deep left , Altuve to third . Gattis singled to left , Altuve scored , Gurriel to third . González grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gattis out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Choo grounded out to pitcher . DeShields reached on infield single to shortstop . Mazara singled to left , DeShields to second . Beltré struck out swinging . Profar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Moore pitching for Rangers . Reddick flied out to right . Stassi grounded out to third . Kemp walked . Springer singled to right , Kemp to second . Bregman tripled to deep right , Kemp and Springer scored . Altuve doubled to left , Bregman scored . Altuve to third on passed ball by Pérez . Gurriel reached on infield single to shortstop , Altuve scored . Gattis flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Kiner - Falefa fouled out to first . Odor singled to left . Pérez flied out to right . Guzman singled to left , Odor to second . Odor to third , Guzman to second on passed ball by Stassi . Choo singled to right , Odor and Guzman scored , Choo to second advancing on throw . DeShields struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Moore pitching for Rangers . González popped out to third . Reddick flied out to center . Stassi reached on infield single to shortstop . Kemp flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Mazara grounded out to first . Beltré singled to left . Profar grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Beltré out at second . Kiner - Falefa singled to right , Profar to second . Odor hit by pitch , Profar to third , Kiner - Falefa to second . Pérez singled to center , Profar and Kiner - Falefa scored , Odor to third . Pérez stole second . Guzman struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Chavez pitching for Rangers . Springer grounded out to shortstop . Bregman flied out to left . Altuve safe at first on error by shortstop Profar . Altuve caught stealing second , catcher to second . Gurriel batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Choo lined out to center . DeShields singled to left . Mazara grounded into fielder 's choice to second , DeShields out at second . Beltré singled to right , Mazara to third . Profar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Chavez pitching for Rangers . Gurriel doubled to deep left . Gattis grounded out to third . González struck out looking . Reddick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Kiner - Falefa doubled to deep right . Odor singled to left , Kiner - Falefa scored , Odor to second on throwing error by third baseman Bregman . Pérez sacrificed to pitcher , Odor to third . Guzman singled to left , Odor scored . Sipp pitching for Astros . Choo lined into double play , to first , Guzman doubled off first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 6th . Chavez pitching for Rangers . Stassi grounded out to third . Kemp flied out to left . Springer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Sipp pitching for Astros . DeShields reached on infield single to shortstop . Mazara grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DeShields out at second . Giles pitching for Astros . Beltré walked , Mazara to second . Profar flied out to left . Kiner - Falefa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Chavez pitching for Rangers . Bregman flied out to center . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . Gurriel homered to left ( 399 feet ) . Gattis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Giles pitching for Astros . Odor bunt popped out to pitcher . Pérez lined out to right . Guzman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Diekman pitching for Rangers . González flied out to left . Reddick reached on infield single to shortstop . Stassi struck out swinging . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Harris pitching for Astros . Springer in right field . Reddick in left field . Marisnick in center field . Choo struck out swinging . DeShields grounded out to shortstop . Mazara doubled to right . Beltré singled to center , Mazara scored . Profar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Kela pitching for Rangers . Springer walked . Springer to second on wild pitch by Kela . Bregman struck out looking . Altuve intentionally walked . Gurriel flied out to center , Springer to third . Altuve stole second . Springer scored , Altuve to third on balk by Kela . Gattis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Rondón pitching for Astros . Kiner - Falefa struck out looking . Odor struck out swinging . Gallo hit for Pérez . Gallo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 8 - Rangers 7 .	Astros win after Hinch gets umps to call balk