Twins - Top 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Dozier flied out to center . Mauer singled to left . Willingham hit by pitch , Mauer to second . Colabello grounded into double play , third to second to first , Willingham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Nolasco pitching for Twins . Morgan grounded out to second . Swisher singled to right . Kipnis fouled out to third . Santana grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Plouffe hit by pitch . Kubel doubled to deep right , Plouffe to third . Suzuki singled to right , Plouffe scored , Kubel to third . Hicks grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kubel scored , Suzuki out at second . Florimon grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Bartlett in left field . Nolasco pitching for Twins . Brantley singled to center . Chisenhall flied out to center . Gomes homered to left ( 394 feet ) , Brantley scored . Murphy doubled to deep right . Aviles grounded out to third . Morgan grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Dozier walked . Mauer singled to left center , Dozier to third . Bartlett struck out swinging . Colabello grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Dozier scored , Mauer safe at third on throwing error by catcher Gomes . Plouffe singled to shallow left , Mauer scored , Colabello to second . Kubel singled to right , Colabello scored , Plouffe to third . Suzuki walked , Kubel to second . Hicks struck out looking . Florimon grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Nolasco pitching for Twins . Swisher singled to right . Kipnis flied out to right . Santana walked , Swisher to second . Brantley struck out looking . Chisenhall flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Dozier walked . Mauer struck out looking . Dozier stole second . Bartlett struck out looking . Colabello singled to center , Dozier scored . Atchison pitching for Indians . Plouffe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Colabello out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Nolasco pitching for Twins . Gomes grounded out to third . Murphy singled to right . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Murphy out at second . Morgan walked , Aviles to second . Swisher walked , Aviles to third , Morgan to second . Kipnis doubled to deep left , Aviles , Morgan and Swisher scored . Santana walked . Brantley grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Atchison pitching for Indians . Kubel struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Hicks flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Chisenhall doubled to left center . Gomes struck out looking . Murphy doubled to left , Chisenhall scored . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . Morgan fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Wood pitching for Indians . Florimon flied out to center . Dozier walked . Dozier stole second . Mauer intentionally walked . Bartlett hit by pitch , Dozier to third , Mauer to second . Colabello doubled to deep center , Dozier , Mauer and Bartlett scored . Plouffe grounded out to shortstop , Colabello to third . Rzepczynski pitching for Indians . Kubel flied out to center . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Swisher flied out to center . Kipnis singled to left . Santana singled to right , Kipnis to third . Brantley singled to center , Kipnis scored , Santana to second . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Raburn hit for Chisenhall . Raburn walked , Santana to third , Brantley to second . Gomes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Raburn out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Rzepczynski pitching for Indians . Suzuki walked . Hicks grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . Florimon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Murphy singled to left . Fien pitching for Twins . Aviles struck out swinging . Morgan walked , Murphy to second . Swisher popped out to shortstop . Kipnis fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Dozier grounded out to second . Mauer doubled to left . Escobar hit for Bartlett . Escobar struck out swinging . Colabello struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Escobar in left field . Burton pitching for Twins . Santana singled to right center . Brantley singled to right , Santana to second . Raburn grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Brantley out at second , Santana to third . Gomes grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Axford pitching for Indians . Plouffe walked . Kubel walked , Plouffe to second . Suzuki sacrificed to third , Plouffe to third , Kubel to second . Hicks hit sacrifice fly to right , Plouffe scored , Kubel to third . Florimon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Murphy flied out to center . Aviles fouled out to catcher . Cabrera hit for Morgan . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 10 - Indians 7 .	Twins outslug Indians 10 - 7