White Sox - Top 1st . Salazar pitching for Indians . Eaton walked . Beckham singled to deep right center , Eaton to third . Abreu struck out swinging . Dunn grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Beckham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Bourn popped out to second . Aviles singled to left . Aviles stole second . Swisher walked . Santana doubled to deep left , Aviles scored , Swisher to third . Raburn singled to right , Swisher and Santana scored . Brantley singled to left , Raburn to second . Cabrera walked , Raburn to third , Brantley to second . Gomes doubled to right , Raburn and Brantley scored , Cabrera to third . Johnson struck out swinging . Bourn flied out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Salazar pitching for Indians . Viciedo walked . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Viciedo safe at second on error by second baseman Johnson . De Aza singled to left , Viciedo scored , Ramirez to second . Semien flied out to center . Nieto singled to center , Ramirez scored , De Aza to third . Eaton struck out looking . De Aza scored , Nieto to second on passed ball by Gomes . Beckham struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Aviles lined out to left . Swisher flied out to center . Santana homered to left ( 374 feet ) . Raburn walked . Brantley grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Salazar pitching for Indians . Abreu struck out swinging . Dunn struck out swinging . Viciedo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Cabrera flied out to center . Gomes doubled to right . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Bourn singled to center , Gomes scored . Aviles lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Ramirez singled to right center . De Aza singled to center , Ramirez to second . Semien grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramirez to third , De Aza safe at second on error by second baseman Johnson . Nieto struck out swinging . Eaton grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Semien out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Jor Danks in center field . Danks pitching for White Sox . Swisher popped out to first . Santana struck out looking . Raburn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Beckham grounded out to shortstop . Abreu homered to left ( 359 feet ) . Dunn walked . Viciedo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Brantley homered to right center ( 394 feet ) . Cabrera singled to center . Gomes flied out to right . Cabrera caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Johnson struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Ramirez singled to left . Rzepczynski pitching for Indians . De Aza grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ramirez out at second . Semien struck out swinging . Nieto reached on infield single to pitcher , De Aza to second . Jor Danks walked , De Aza to third , Nieto to second . Shaw pitching for Indians . De Aza scored , Nieto to third , Jor Danks to second on wild pitch by Shaw . Beckham grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Downs pitching for White Sox . Bourn grounded out to second . Aviles reached on infield single to pitcher . Swisher doubled to deep right , Aviles scored . Santana walked . Cleto pitching for White Sox . Murphy hit for Raburn . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Swisher to third , Santana safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Beckham . Brantley singled to center , Swisher and Santana scored , Murphy to second . Cabrera flied out to center , Murphy to third . Murphy scored , Brantley to second on wild pitch by Cleto . Gomes grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Murphy in right field . Lee pitching for Indians . Abreu grounded out to second . Dunn reached on infield single to third . Viciedo grounded out to third , Dunn to second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Cleto pitching for White Sox . Johnson flied out to center . Bourn grounded out to second . Aviles safe at first on error by third baseman Semien . Swisher walked , Aviles to second . Santana grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 8th . Outman pitching for Indians . De Aza grounded out to second . Semien grounded out to shortstop . Nieto doubled to left . Jor Danks struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Garcia at second base . Lindstrom pitching for White Sox . Murphy walked . Brantley struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Ramirez at shortstop . Allen pitching for Indians . Garcia struck out swinging . Abreu flied out to right . Dunn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Indians 12 .	Brantley , Santana spark Indians in rout