Indians - Top 1st . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Bourn struck out looking . Aviles struck out swinging . Brantley walked . Brantley stole second . Chisenhall grounds out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Kluber pitching for Indians . Markakis lined out to shortstop . Hardy fouled out to first . Jones singled to center . Davis walked , Jones to second . Cruz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Raburn struck out looking . Murphy lined out to right . Santana walked . Gomes walked , Santana to second . Sellers grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gomes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Clevenger grounded out to pitcher . Young struck out swinging . Flaherty grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Bourn reached on infield single to shortstop . Aviles fouled out to first . Brantley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bourn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Schoop struck out swinging . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . Hardy singled to left . Jones struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Chisenhall grounded out to first . Raburn flied out to left . Murphy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Davis struck out looking . Cruz doubled to deep center . Clevenger struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Santana walked . Gomes singled to center , Santana to second . Sellers reached on infield single to second , Santana to third , Gomes to second , Santana scored on throwing error by second baseman Schoop . Bourn walked , Gomes to third , Sellers to second . Aviles singled to left , Gomes scored , Sellers to third , Bourn to second . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Brantley hit by pitch , Sellers scored , Bourn to third , Aviles to second . Chisenhall singled to right , Bourn scored , Aviles to third , Brantley to second . Raburn grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Aviles scored , Chisenhall out at second , Brantley to third . Murphy grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Flaherty grounded out to shortstop . Schoop singled to right . Markakis struck out swinging . Hardy walked , Schoop to second . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Santana walked . Gomes singled to left , Santana to second . Sellers sacrificed to catcher , Santana to third , Gomes to second . Bourn struck out swinging . Aviles flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Davis flied out to center . Cruz popped out to first . Clevenger singled to left , Clevenger out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Brantley singled to right . Chisenhall doubled to deep right , Brantley to third . Raburn doubled to left , Brantley and Chisenhall scored . Murphy grounded out to second , Raburn to third . Brach pitching for Orioles . Santana homered to right ( 372 feet ) , Raburn scored . Gomes struck out swinging . Sellers flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Young grounded out to third . Flaherty struck out looking . Schoop safe at first on error by third baseman Chisenhall . Markakis fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 8th . Lombardozzi at second base . Lough in center field . Pearce in left field . Cruz in right field . Flaherty at shortstop . Schoop at third base . Brach pitching for Orioles . Bourn reached on infield single to second baseman Lombardozzi . Aviles flied out to center . Brantley flied out to left . Chisenhall struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Axford pitching for Indians . Lough grounded out to shortstop . Pearce singled to right center . Davis struck out swinging . Cruz singled to center , Pearce to third . Clevenger grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Pearce in right field . Joseph at first base . Webb pitching for Orioles . Young in left field . Raburn struck out swinging . Murphy grounded out to second . Santana grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Rzepczynski pitching for Indians . Young singled to left . Flaherty grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Young out at second . Schoop grounded out to third , Flaherty to second . Lombardozzi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 9 - Orioles 0 .	Kluber sharp as Indians beat Orioles 9 - 0