Indians - Top 1st . Saunders pitching for Rangers . Bourn grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera lined out to center . Brantley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Choice struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to second . Choo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Saunders pitching for Rangers . Kipnis singled to left center . Santana grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kipnis out at second . Gomes singled to left . Chisenhall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gomes out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Beltre struck out swinging . Rios lined out to shortstop . Gimenez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Saunders pitching for Rangers . Raburn walked . Murphy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Raburn out at second . Bourn singled to center . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Martin struck out swinging . Murphy hit by pitch . Odor grounded out to third , Murphy to second . Choice walked . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Choice out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Saunders pitching for Rangers . Brantley grounded out to second . Kipnis grounded out to second . Santana walked . Gomes popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Choo grounded out to second . Beltre reached on infield single to shortstop . Rios singled to left center , Beltre to second . Gimenez walked , Beltre to third , Rios to second . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Beltre out at home , Rios to third , Gimenez to second . Rios scored , Gimenez to third , Martin to second on wild pitch by Masterson . Murphy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Saunders pitching for Rangers . Chisenhall singled to center . Raburn grounded out to pitcher , Chisenhall to second . Murphy singled to left , Chisenhall to third . Bourn walked , Murphy to second . Cabrera singled to center , Chisenhall scored , Murphy to third , Bourn to second . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Murphy out at home , Bourn to third , Cabrera to second . Kipnis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Odor singled to center . Choice lined out to shortstop . Odor picked off first . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Sardinas at second base . Saunders pitching for Rangers . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Gomes walked . Chisenhall singled to right , Gomes to second . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Raburn singled to center , Gomes scored , Chisenhall to second , Chisenhall to third , Raburn to second on throwing error by center fielder Martin . Murphy hit sacrifice fly to center , Chisenhall scored , Raburn to third . Bourn struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Choo struck out looking . Beltre doubled to deep right . Rios tripled to deep center , Beltre scored . Gimenez grounded out to first . Rzepczynski pitching for Indians . Martin grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Cabrera walked . Brantley struck out looking . Kipnis flied out to left . Cotts pitching for Rangers . Santana singled to center , Cabrera to second . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Murphy flied out to center . Sardinas singled to right . Choice struck out looking . Andrus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Cotts pitching for Rangers . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Raburn struck out looking . Murphy doubled to right center . Bourn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Choo bunt grounded out to pitcher . Beltre popped out to second . Rios walked . Rios caught stealing second , catcher to second . Gimenez batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Cabrera lined out to second . Frasor pitching for Rangers . Cabrera lined out to second . Frasor pitching for Rangers . Brantley lined out to left . Kipnis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Allen pitching for Indians . Gimenez flied out to center . Martin struck out looking . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 3 - Rangers 2 .	Chisenhall helps Indians hold off Rangers 3 - 2