Indians - Top 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Bourn lined out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . Brantley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Inciarte walked . Parra singled to center , Inciarte to second . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Parra out at second , Inciarte to third . Montero doubled to deep left center , Inciarte scored , Goldschmidt to third . Hill struck out swinging . Prado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Santana walked . Kipnis singled to shallow center , Santana to second . Gomes singled to left , Santana scored , Kipnis to second . Chisenhall tripled to deep center , Kipnis and Gomes scored . Raburn hit sacrifice fly to center , Chisenhall scored . Masterson grounded out to third . Bourn struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Peralta walked . Gregorius singled to right , Peralta to second . Miley struck out swinging . Inciarte singled to center , Peralta scored , Gregorius to second . Parra lined out to center . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera flied out to center . Brantley singled to center . Santana singled to left center , Brantley to second . Kipnis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brantley to third , Santana safe at second on error by shortstop Gregorius . Gomes hit sacrifice fly to right , Brantley scored . Chisenhall grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kipnis out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Montero struck out looking . Hill grounded out to pitcher . Prado hit by pitch . Peralta fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Raburn grounded out to third . Masterson struck out looking . Bourn singled to left center , Bourn to second on error by left fielder Peralta . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Gregorius grounded out to first . Miley walked . Inciarte reached on bunt single to third , Miley to second . Parra singled to right , Miley to third , Inciarte to second . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Miley scored , Parra out at second , Inciarte to third . Montero singled to center , Inciarte scored , Goldschmidt to second . Hill struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Brantley walked . Santana singled to center , Brantley to second . Kipnis singled to center , Brantley to third , Santana to second . Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks . Gomes struck out swinging . Chisenhall popped out to shortstop . Raburn popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Prado walked . Crockett pitching for Indians . Murphy in right field . Peralta singled to right center , Prado to third . Gregorius sacrificed to second , Prado scored , Peralta to second . Ross hit for Thatcher . Ross grounded out to second , Peralta to third . Ross hit for Thatcher . Ross grounded out to second , Peralta to third . Ross hit for Thatcher . Ross grounded out to second , Peralta to third . Inciarte flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Murphy struck out swinging . Bourn struck out looking . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Crockett pitching for Indians . Parra singled to left center . Goldschmidt singled to center , Parra to second . Montero grounded out to first , Parra to third , Goldschmidt to second . Pestano pitching for Indians . Hill singled to center , Parra scored , Goldschmidt to third . Prado struck out swinging . Rzepczynski pitching for Indians . Peralta grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Brantley lined out to second . Santana doubled to deep left center . Kipnis struck out swinging . Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks . Gomes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Rzepczynski pitching for Indians . Gregorius flied out to center . Kieschnick hit for Marshall . Kieschnick grounded out to first . Inciarte singled to left . Parra hit ground rule double to deep left center , Inciarte to third . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Montero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Swisher hit for Rzepczynski . Swisher grounded out to second . Murphy walked . Bourn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Atchison pitching for Indians . Hill flied out to center . Prado singled to center . Peralta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Prado out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera walked . Brantley lined out to right . Cabrera stole second . Santana walked . Kipnis struck out looking . Gomes singled to center , Cabrera scored , Santana to second . Chisenhall struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Allen pitching for Indians . Gregorius struck out swinging . Owings hit for Reed . Owings popped out to second . Inciarte struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 10th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Aviles hit for Allen . Aviles fouled out to right . Murphy struck out looking . Bourn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Parra grounded out to first . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Montero walked . Hill popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 11th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera grounded out to first . Brantley walked . Santana homered to right ( 381 feet ) , Brantley scored . Kipnis struck out swinging . Gomes struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 11th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Prado fouled out to right . Peralta homered to right center ( 423 feet ) . Gregorius walked . Gosewisch hit for Delgado . Gosewisch singled to right , Gregorius to third . Axford pitching for Indians . Inciarte singled to center , Gregorius scored , Gosewisch to third . Inciarte to second on fielder 's indifference . Parra intentionally walked . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Montero struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 12th . Stites pitching for Diamondbacks . Chisenhall doubled to deep center . Kottaras hit for Axford . Kottaras walked . Murphy sacrificed to pitcher , Chisenhall to third , Kottaras to second . Bourn struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 12th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Hill grounded out to first . Prado flied out to right . Peralta grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 13th . Stites pitching for Diamondbacks . Brantley grounded out to third . Santana struck out looking . Kipnis tripled to deep center , Kipnis out stretching at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 13th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Gregorius lined out to center . Pacheco hit for Stites . Pacheco grounded out to first . Inciarte flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 14th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Gomes singled to right . Chisenhall grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gomes out at second . Kluber hit for Carrasco . Kluber grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 14th . Lowe pitching for Indians . Parra singled to right . Parra stole second . Goldschmidt flied out to center , Parra to third . Montero intentionally walked . Montero to second on wild pitch by Lowe . Hill singled to deep center , Parra scored , Montero to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 8 - Diamondbacks 9 .	D - backs down Indians in 14 , tie park mark