Rangers - Top 1st . Salazar pitching for Indians . Choo fouled out to left . Andrus grounded out to second . Rios grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Rangers . Kipnis singled to center . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kipnis out at second . Brantley doubled to deep right , Aviles scored . Santana walked . Chisenhall lined out to left . Swisher struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Salazar pitching for Indians . Beltre walked . Adduci walked , Beltre to second . Arencibia struck out swinging . Martin popped out to third . Chirinos singled to right , Beltre thrown out at home , Adduci to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Rangers . Gomes grounded out to second . Murphy doubled to right . Raburn grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Murphy out at third . Kipnis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Salazar pitching for Indians . Odor popped out to third . Choo grounded out to first . Andrus walked . Rios flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Rangers . Aviles walked . Brantley singled to left , Aviles to second . Santana singled to right center , Aviles scored , Brantley to third . Chisenhall grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Brantley scored , Santana out at second . Swisher flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Beltre singled to left . Adduci struck out swinging . Arencibia lined out to right . Martin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Rangers . Gomes flied out to center . Murphy singled to left . Raburn singled to left , Murphy to second . Kipnis flied out to left . Aviles singled to right , Murphy scored , Raburn to third . Brantley singled to center , Raburn scored , Aviles thrown out at third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Chirinos doubled to deep right , Chirinos to third on error by right fielder Murphy . Odor grounded out to second , Chirinos scored . Choo lined out to first . Andrus lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Rangers . Santana walked . Chisenhall singled to shallow center , Santana to second . Swisher singled to right , Santana to third , Chisenhall to second . Gomes singled to center , Santana scored , Chisenhall to third , Swisher to second . Murphy doubled to right , Chisenhall and Swisher scored , Gomes to third . Adcock pitching for Rangers . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . Kipnis walked . Gomes scored , Murphy to third , Kipnis to second on wild pitch by Adcock . Aviles singled to center , Murphy and Kipnis scored . Brantley flied out to left . Santana lined out to right . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Perez catching . Holt in center field . Salazar pitching for Indians . Rios struck out looking . Beltre singled to center . Adduci struck out swinging . Arencibia hit by pitch , Beltre to second . Martin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Rosales at third base . Klein pitching for Rangers . Chisenhall homered to right ( 399 feet ) . Swisher popped out to shortstop . Holt hit by pitch . Holt to second on balk by Klein . Murphy reached on infield single to shortstop , Holt to third . Raburn struck out looking . Kipnis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Murphy out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Ramirez at second base . Crockett pitching for Indians . Chirinos grounded out to shortstop . Odor struck out looking . Choo singled to center . Robertson ran for Choo . Andrus reached on infield single to third , Robertson to second . Adams pitching for Indians . Rios grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Robertson in right field . Baker pitching for Rangers . Aviles flied out to center . Perez struck out swinging . Santana struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Adams pitching for Indians . Rosales reached on infield single to second . Adduci grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rosales out at second . Arencibia struck out looking . Martin grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Baker pitching for Rangers . Chisenhall popped out to third . Swisher struck out looking . Holt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Chirinos grounded out to second . Odor grounded out to first . Robertson singled to left center . Robertson to second on fielder 's indifference . Andrus singled to center , Robertson scored . Andrus to second on fielder 's indifference . Rios popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - Indians 12 .	Murphy , Salazar lead Indians past Rangers , 12 - 2