Indians - Top 1st . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Bourn hit ground rule double to left . Ramirez sacrificed to pitcher , Bourn to third . Brantley hit by pitch . Santana doubled to deep left , Bourn scored , Brantley to third . Kipnis grounded out to second , Brantley scored , Santana to third . Aviles singled to right , Santana scored . Walters reached on infield single to first , Aviles to second . Holt struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . House pitching for Indians . Eaton grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez singled to left . Abreu doubled to deep left , Ramirez to third . Garcia singled to center , Ramirez and Abreu scored . Konerko grounded into double play , third to second to first , Garcia out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Perez lined out to right . Bourn walked . Bourn caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Ramirez doubled to deep right . Brantley hit ground rule double to deep left , Ramirez scored . Santana struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . House pitching for Indians . Gillaspie singled to right . Viciedo struck out swinging . Flowers grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gillaspie out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Kipnis singled to center . Aviles popped out to second . Walters flied out to center . Holt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . House pitching for Indians . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Eaton grounded out to second . Ramirez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Perez singled to center . Bourn grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Perez out at second . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . House pitching for Indians . Abreu walked . Garcia struck out swinging . Konerko struck out looking . Gillaspie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Brantley grounded out to first . Santana flied out to left . Kipnis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . House pitching for Indians . Viciedo hit ground rule double to deep left . Flowers struck out swinging . Sanchez flied out to right , Viciedo to third . Eaton singled to center , Viciedo scored . Ramirez homered to left center ( 390 feet ) , Eaton scored . Lee pitching for Indians . Abreu grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Aviles singled to center . Walters walked , Aviles to second . Lindstrom pitching for White Sox . Holt struck out swinging . Perez singled to deep center , Aviles scored , Walters to second , Walters scored , Perez to second on error by center fielder Eaton . Bourn singled to center , Perez thrown out at home . Ramirez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Lee pitching for Indians . Garcia doubled to deep right . Konerko hit by pitch . Rzepczynski pitching for Indians . Gillaspie struck out swinging . Atchison pitching for Indians . Viciedo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Konerko out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Guerra pitching for White Sox . Brantley popped out to third . Santana walked . Kipnis reached on infield single to pitcher , Santana to second . Aviles popped out to second . Walters popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Atchison pitching for Indians . Flowers singled to left . Sanchez singled to center , Flowers to second . Eaton sacrificed to third , Flowers to third , Sanchez to second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop , Flowers scored . Abreu intentionally walked . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Dickerson hit for Holt . Guerra pitching for White Sox . Dickerson walked . Perez sacrificed to pitcher , Dickerson to second . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Bourn flied out to left . Ramirez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Dickerson in right field . Atchison pitching for Indians . Konerko flied out to center . Hagadone pitching for Indians . Gillaspie struck out swinging . Shaw pitching for Indians . De Aza hit for Viciedo . De Aza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . De Aza in left field . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Brantley lined out to center . Santana struck out swinging . Kipnis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Flowers grounded out to first . Sanchez struck out looking . Eaton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 10th . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Chisenhall hit for Aviles . Chisenhall doubled to deep right . Walters homered to right center ( 417 feet ) , Chisenhall scored . Cleto pitching for White Sox . Dickerson struck out swinging . Perez struck out swinging . Bourn struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 10th . Chisenhall at third base . Shaw pitching for Indians . Ramirez lined out to right . Abreu grounded out to second . Garcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 8 - White Sox 6 .	Walters , Indians beat White Sox 8 - 6 in 10 innings