Marlins - Top 1st. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Suzuki grounded out to second. Prado grounded out to third. Dietrich singled to center. Stanton singled to right, Dietrich to third. Bour fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Santana homered to right (365 feet). Villar doubled to left. Braun singled to center, Villar scored. Carter flied out to right. Nieuwenhuis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Braun out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Ozuna grounded out to third. Realmuto hit ground rule double to right. Hechavarría grounded out to second, Realmuto to third. Koehler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Walsh grounded out to second. Hill singled to left. Maldonado grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hill out at second. Peralta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Suzuki doubled to left. Prado singled to center, Suzuki scored. Dietrich grounded into fielder's choice to second, Prado out at second. Stanton walked, Dietrich to second. Bour flied out to center. Ozuna flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Santana grounded out to second. Villar reached on infield single to second. Villar stole second. Braun singled to right, Villar scored. Carter homered to right center (428 feet), Braun scored. Nieuwenhuis singled to center. Nieuwenhuis stole second. Walsh walked. Hill walked, Nieuwenhuis to third, Walsh to second. Ege pitching for Marlins. Maldonado walked, Nieuwenhuis scored, Walsh to third, Hill to second. Peralta hit sacrifice fly to left, Walsh scored. Santana singled to right, Hill scored, Maldonado to third. Villar doubled to deep right, Maldonado scored, Santana to third. Braun flied out to right. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Realmuto singled to right. Hechavarría grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Realmuto out at second. Ege reached on infield single to shortstop. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Ege pitching for Marlins. Carter homered to left (375 feet). Nieuwenhuis singled to left. Walsh hit by pitch, Nieuwenhuis to second. Hill singled to left, Nieuwenhuis to third, Walsh to second. Maldonado singled to left, Nieuwenhuis scored, Walsh thrown out at home, Hill to second. Peralta flied out to right, Hill to third. Santana struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Prado singled to center. Dietrich tripled to deep center, Prado scored. Stanton grounded out to third, Dietrich scored. Bour grounded out to second. Ozuna homered to left center (393 feet). Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Ureña pitching for Marlins. Villar struck out swinging. Braun flied out to center. Carter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Peralta pitching for Brewers. Hechavarría singled to center. Ureña sacrificed to pitcher, Hechavarría to second. Suzuki lined out to second. Prado reached on infield single to shortstop, Hechavarría to third. Dietrich singled to center, Hechavarría scored, Prado to third. Boyer pitching for Brewers. Stanton lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Nieuwenhuis popped out to shortstop. Walsh flied out to center. Hill grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Boyer pitching for Brewers. Bour singled to left. Ozuna grounded out to third, Bour to second. Realmuto singled to center, Bour to third. Hechavarría flied out to center. Yelich hit for Ureña. Yelich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Morris pitching for Marlins. Maldonado grounded out to shortstop. Flores hit for Boyer. Flores grounded out to third. Santana struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Pérez at third base. Goforth pitching for Brewers. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Prado grounded out to third. Dietrich walked. Stanton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dietrich out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Johnson at third base. Gillespie in right field. Morris pitching for Marlins. Villar struck out swinging. Braun singled to right. Carter doubled to deep left, Braun to third. Breslow pitching for Marlins. Rojas at second base. Nieuwenhuis doubled to deep center, Braun and Carter scored. Pérez singled to right, Nieuwenhuis scored on error by right fielder Gillespie. Hill grounded out to shortstop, Pérez to second. Maldonado flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 9th. Rivera at shortstop. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Presley in left field. Bour singled to left center. Ozuna flied out to center. Realmuto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bour out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Brewers 14.	Brewers beat Miami 14-5 to snap Marlins' 7-game win streak