Cardinals - Top 1st. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Carpenter singled to right center. Díaz reached on bunt single to third, Carpenter to second. Holliday struck out swinging. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Díaz out at second, Carpenter to third. Moss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Villar struck out swinging. Gennett grounded out to shortstop. Lucroy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Molina flied out to right. Grichuk grounded out to pitcher. Wong lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Carter singled to left center. Nieuwenhuis grounded into double play, second to first, Carter out at second. Presley singled to left. Pérez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Martínez grounded out to shortstop. Carpenter singled to right. Díaz reached on infield single to third, Carpenter to second, Carpenter to third on throwing error by third baseman Pérez. Holliday singled to left, Carpenter scored, Díaz to second. Adams doubled to deep left, Díaz scored, Holliday to third. Moss struck out swinging, Moss safe at first on passed ball by Lucroy, Holliday scored, Adams to third on passed ball. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Moss out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Flores safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Díaz. Guerra sacrificed to pitcher, Flores to second. Villar walked. Gennett flied out to center. Lucroy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 4th. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Grichuk struck out swinging. Wong struck out swinging. Martínez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Carter flied out to left. Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging. Presley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Carpenter doubled to deep right. Carpenter to third on wild pitch by Guerra. Díaz grounded out to shortstop. Holliday singled to center, Carpenter scored. Adams lined out to center. Moss struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Pérez singled to center. Flores grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pérez out at second. Guerra lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Molina flied out to center. Grichuk grounded out to third. Wong grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Villar reached on infield single to pitcher. Gennett flied out to center. Lucroy singled to left, Villar to second. Carter struck out swinging. Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Martínez grounded out to second. Mariñez pitching for Brewers. Carpenter doubled to deep right center. Carpenter scored on Mariñez' wild pitch. Díaz struck out looking. Holliday homered to left center (456 feet). Adams grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Hazelbaker in left field. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Presley struck out swinging. Pérez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Carpenter. Flores grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pérez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 8th. Nieuwenhuis in right field. Goforth pitching for Brewers. Broxton in center field. Moss struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to second. Grichuk popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Broxton struck out looking. Villar flied out to center. Gennett grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Maldonado catching. Goforth pitching for Brewers. Wong singled to right. Garcia hit for Martínez. Garcia singled to center, Wong to second. Carpenter struck out swinging. Díaz struck out swinging. Hazelbaker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Garcia at third base. Maldonado struck out swinging. Carter struck out swinging. Nieuwenhuis walked. Presley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 6 - Brewers 0.	Martinez, Carpenter help Cardinals shut down Brewers 6-0