Brewers - Top 1st. Cueto pitching for Giants. Villar singled to left. Gennett struck out swinging. Villar caught stealing second, to pitcher. Lucroy fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Blanco flied out to left. Panik walked. Crawford flied out to center. Posey grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging. Pérez struck out swinging. Flores grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Duffy singled to right. Pagán flied out to left. Parker hit by pitch, Duffy to second. Gillaspie grounded into fielder's choice to third, Duffy out at third, Parker to second, Parker to third, Gillaspie to second on throwing error by third baseman Pérez. Cueto flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 3rd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Maldonado struck out looking. Presley grounded out to second. Nelson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Blanco singled to center. Panik sacrificed to pitcher, Blanco to second, Panik safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Nelson. Crawford walked, Blanco to third, Panik to second. Posey singled to left, Blanco and Panik scored, Crawford to second. Duffy singled to right, Crawford scored, Posey to third. Pagán struck out swinging. Parker walked, Duffy to second. Gillaspie grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Posey out at home, Duffy to third, Parker to second, Duffy scored on throwing error by catcher Maldonado. Cueto grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Villar walked. Gennett struck out swinging. Lucroy struck out swinging. Nieuwenhuis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Blanco doubled to right. Panik singled to center, Blanco scored. Crawford flied out to left. Posey singled to right, Panik to second. Duffy struck out swinging, Panik stole third, Posey stole second. Panik scored, Posey to third on error by third baseman Pérez. Pagán doubled to left, Posey scored. Mariñez pitching for Brewers. Pagán to third on wild pitch by Mariñez. Parker singled to left, Pagán scored. Gillaspie flied out to left. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 5th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Pérez singled to left. Flores grounded out to first, Pérez to second. Maldonado grounded out to second, Pérez to third. Presley reached on infield single to second, Pérez scored. Mariñez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Presley out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Marinez pitching for Brewers. Cueto grounded out to pitcher. Blanco grounded out to pitcher. Panik singled to center. Crawford flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Villar struck out swinging. Gennett singled to center. Lucroy singled to center, Gennett to second. Nieuwenhuis grounded out to first, Gennett to third, Lucroy to second. Pérez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Marinez pitching for Brewers. Posey grounded out to third. Duffy singled to center. Pagán singled to right, Duffy to second. Parker grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pagán out at second, Duffy to third. Gillaspie lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Flores singled to right. Maldonado flied out to center. Presley fouled out to left. Carter hit for Mariñez. Carter singled to center, Flores to third. Villar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Barnes pitching for Brewers. Peña hit for Cueto. Peña struck out swinging. Blanco singled to center. Panik reached on infield single to third, Blanco to second. Crawford grounded out to pitcher, Blanco to third, Panik to second. Brown hit for Posey. Brown struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Stratton pitching for Giants. Brown catching. Peña at shortstop. Gennett grounded out to second. Lucroy singled to center. Nieuwenhuis walked, Lucroy to second. Pérez popped out to second. Flores grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Boyer pitching for Brewers. Nieuwenhuis in right field. Flores at first base. Broxton in center field. Duffy flied out to center. Pagán doubled to right. Parker walked. Gillaspie grounded out to first, Pagán to third, Parker to second. Peña singled to right, Pagán and Parker scored. Blanco popped out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Stratton pitching for Giants. Maldonado lined out to right. Presley grounded out to first. Broxton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 1 - Giants 10.	Johnny Cueto earns 10th win as Giants sweep Brewers