Nationals - Top 1st. Garza pitching for Brewers. Revere grounded out to first. Werth grounded out to shortstop. Harper grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Villar reached on infield single to shortstop. Hill singled to left, Villar to second. Braun grounded out to pitcher, Villar to third, Hill to second. Lucroy struck out swinging. Carter homered to left (399 feet), Villar and Hill scored. Pérez flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Garza pitching for Brewers. Murphy tripled to deep right. Ramos singled to right, Murphy scored. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ramos out at second. Rendon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zimmerman out at second. Espinosa walked, Rendon to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Gennett struck out swinging. Broxton walked. Garza sacrificed to pitcher, Broxton to second. Villar singled to center, Broxton scored. Villar stole second. Hill singled to left, Villar thrown out at home, Villar to third advancing on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Garza pitching for Brewers. Revere bunt grounded out to third. Werth lined out to center. Harper walked. Murphy singled to center, Harper to third. Ramos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Braun hit by pitch. Lucroy struck out looking. Carter hit by pitch, Braun to second. Pérez hit ground rule double to deep right, Braun scored, Carter to third. Gennett grounded into fielder's choice to second, Carter scored, Pérez to third. Broxton struck out swinging. Garza struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Zimmerman walked. Rendon doubled to deep left center, Zimmerman to third. Espinosa sacrificed to pitcher, Zimmerman scored, Rendon to third. Robinson hit for Gonzalez. Robinson hit sacrifice fly to right, Rendon scored. Revere grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Petit pitching for Nationals. Villar doubled to right. Hill grounded out to second, Villar to third. Braun struck out swinging. Lucroy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Werth doubled to left. Harper popped out to shortstop. Murphy flied out to center. Ramos grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Petit pitching for Nationals. Carter fouled out to third. Pérez fouled out to first. Gennett flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Zimmerman singled to right. Rendon singled to center, Zimmerman to third. Espinosa hit sacrifice fly to right, Zimmerman scored. Heisey hit for Petit. Heisey popped out to second. Revere bunt grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Belisle pitching for Nationals. Broxton grounded out to shortstop. Presley hit for Garza. Presley struck out looking. Villar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Werth walked. Harper fouled out to catcher. Murphy singled to left, Werth to second. Torres pitching for Brewers. Ramos singled to center, Werth to third, Murphy to second. Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to center, Werth scored, Murphy to third. Rendon grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Belisle pitching for Nationals. Hill struck out swinging. Braun singled to center. Lucroy flied out to left. Braun to second on wild pitch by Belisle. Carter singled to right, Braun thrown out at home, Braun to third advancing on play. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Blazek pitching for Brewers. Espinosa walked. Drew hit for Belisle. Drew flied out to left. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Espinosa out at second, Revere to second on error by first baseman Carter. Werth grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Solis pitching for Nationals. Pérez struck out swinging. Gennett singled to center. Broxton flied out to right. Flores hit for Blazek. Flores grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Flores in right field. Harper singled to center. Murphy lined out to right. Ramos grounded into double play, third to second to first, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 5 - Brewers 6.	Carter homers as Brewers beat Nationals 6-5