Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Villar to second on passed ball by Molina. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Braun grounded out to shortstop, Villar to third. Lucroy struck out swinging. Garza pitching for Brewers. Carpenter reached on infield single to shortstop. Díaz doubled to left, Carpenter scored, Díaz thrown out at third. Holliday grounded out to second. Moss walked. Peralta flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Carter homered to center (424 feet). Pérez reached on infield single to third. Gennett lined out to third. Broxton flied out to right. Garza grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Garza pitching for Brewers. Adams struck out swinging. Molina lined out to right. Pham grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Villar grounded out to shortstop. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Braun grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Garza pitching for Brewers. García struck out looking. Carpenter flied out to center. Díaz safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Villar. Holliday struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Lucroy grounded out to second. Carter walked. Pérez safe at first on error by pitcher García, Carter to second. Gennett grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pérez out at second, Carter to third. Broxton walked, Gennett to second. Garza struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Moss grounded out to first. Peralta reached on infield single to third. Adams safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Garza, Peralta to second. Molina singled to center, Peralta scored, Adams to second. Pham walked, Adams to third, Molina to second. García singled to left, Adams scored, Molina to third, Pham to second. Carpenter singled to right, Molina scored, Pham to third, García to second. Díaz struck out looking. Holliday singled to center, Pham and García scored, Carpenter to third. Moss struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 5th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Villar grounded out to third. Hill walked. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hill out at second. Lucroy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Peralta flied out to right. Adams walked. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Adams out at second. Pham grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Carter struck out swinging. Pérez struck out looking. Gennett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Garza pitching for Brewers. García struck out swinging. Carpenter flied out to right. Díaz reached on infield single to shortstop. Holliday doubled to deep center, Díaz scored. Mariñez pitching for Brewers. Elmore at second base. Moss struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Broxton grounded out to shortstop. Elmore singled to center. Villar walked, Elmore to second. Hill grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second to first, Villar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Marinez pitching for Brewers. Peralta grounded out to third. Adams flied out to center. Molina singled to center. Pham singled to right, Molina to second. García grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Braun safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Adams. Lucroy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Braun out at second. Carter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Marinez pitching for Brewers. Carpenter walked. Díaz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Carpenter out at second. Holliday walked. Moss grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Peña catching. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. Flores hit for Mariñez. Flores grounded out to pitcher. Broxton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 1 - Cardinals 7.	Garcia goes 8 innings, Cardinals beat Brewers 7-1