Brewers - Top 1st. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Villar struck out swinging. Gennett singled to right. Braun singled to left center, Gennett to second. Lucroy struck out swinging. Carter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Carpenter flied out to left. Díaz homered to left (417 feet). Holliday flied out to right. Piscotty singled to left. Moss struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Hill singled to right. Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging. Flores lined out to right. Anderson singled to right, Hill to second. Villar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Peralta flied out to right. Molina walked. Pham lined out to second. Wacha struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Gennett grounded out to first. Braun grounded out to second. Lucroy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Carpenter popped out to shortstop. Díaz walked. Holliday flied out to center. Piscotty singled to left, Díaz to second. Moss popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Carter grounded out to shortstop. Hill singled to right center. Nieuwenhuis doubled to deep right, Hill to third. Flores doubled to right, Hill and Nieuwenhuis scored. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. Villar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Peralta walked. Molina flied out to center. Pham walked, Peralta to second. Wacha bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Peralta out at third, Pham to second. Carpenter singled to center, Pham scored, Wacha to second. Díaz flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Gennett grounded out to second. Braun singled to center. Lucroy singled to right center, Braun to third, Lucroy to second advancing on throw. Carter walked. Hill grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carter out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Holliday flied out to center. Piscotty walked. Barnes pitching for Brewers. Moss doubled to deep right, Piscotty scored, Moss to third advancing on throw. Peralta hit sacrifice fly to center, Moss scored. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Lyons pitching for Cardinals. Nieuwenhuis struck out looking. Flores singled to right center. Elmore hit for Barnes. Elmore struck out looking. Villar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Blazek pitching for Brewers. Pham doubled to deep right. Adams hit for Lyons. Adams struck out swinging. Carpenter walked. Díaz popped out to second. Holliday walked, Pham to third, Carpenter to second. Boyer pitching for Brewers. Piscotty homered to left (409 feet), Pham, Carpenter and Holliday scored. Moss safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Gennett. Peralta reached on infield single to second, Moss to second. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 7th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Wong in left field. Gennett singled to center. Braun singled to center, Gennett to second. Lucroy singled to center, Gennett scored, Braun to third, Lucroy to second advancing on throw. Carter walked. Garcia at third base. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Braun out at home, Lucroy to third, Carter to second. Nieuwenhuis grounded out to pitcher, Lucroy scored, Carter to third, Hill to second. Flores lined out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Mariñez pitching for Brewers. Pham struck out looking. Wong doubled to left. Carpenter flied out to right, Wong to third. Díaz walked. Garcia singled to center, Wong scored, Díaz to second. Piscotty grounded into fielder's choice to third, Díaz out at third, Garcia to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Broxton pitching for Cardinals. Pérez hit for Mariñez. Pérez grounded out to second. Villar grounded out to first. Gennett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Pérez at second base. Moss grounded out to first. Gyorko hit for Broxton. Gyorko reached on infield single to second. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gyorko out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals. Braun singled to left. Lucroy singled to left center, Braun to second. Carter hit by pitch, Braun to third, Lucroy to second. Oh pitching for Cardinals. Hill walked, Braun scored, Lucroy to third, Carter to second. Nieuwenhuis doubled to left, Lucroy and Carter scored, Hill to third. Flores struck out looking. Pérez grounded out to shortstop, Hill scored. Villar walked. Maldonado hit for Jeffress. Maldonado struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 8 - Cardinals 9.	Piscotty's slam paces Cardinals to sweep over Brewers