Brewers - Top 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Villar singled to left. Arcia walked, Villar to second. Villar to third, Arcia to second on wild pitch by Corbin. Braun hit sacrifice fly to center, Villar scored, Arcia to third. Pérez hit sacrifice fly to right, Arcia scored. Carter walked. Gennett struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Garza pitching for Brewers. Segura lined out to second. Bourn lined out to shortstop. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Broxton doubled to deep center. Maldonado hit by pitch. Garza sacrificed to third, Broxton to third, Maldonado to second. Villar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Broxton out at third. Arcia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Garza pitching for Brewers. Lamb singled to left. Tomás struck out swinging. Drury struck out swinging. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lamb out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Braun grounded out to shortstop. Pérez singled to left. Carter singled to right, Pérez to third. Gennett grounded into fielder's choice to third, Carter out at second. Broxton walked, Gennett to second. Maldonado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Garza pitching for Brewers. Owings grounded out to second. Corbin grounded out to shortstop. Segura grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Garza struck out swinging. Villar doubled to deep right. Arcia flied out to left, Villar to third. Braun walked. Braun stole second. Pérez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Bourn grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt flied out to center. Lamb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Carter struck out looking. Gennett flied out to center. Broxton singled to right. Broxton stole second. Maldonado intentionally walked. Garza popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Tomás flied out to right. Drury safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Villar. Castillo flied out to right. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Drury out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Villar batting. Arcia batting. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Braun homered to left center (422 feet), Villar and Arcia scored. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Braun homered to left center (422 feet), Villar and Arcia scored. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Braun homered to left center (422 feet), Villar and Arcia scored. Pérez batting. Carter batting. Gennett batting. Broxton singled to left, Pérez scored. Maldonado popped out to first. 4 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Gosselin hit for Marshall. Gosselin hit for Marshall. Garza pitching for Brewers. Gosselin doubled to center. Gosselin hit for Marshall. Gosselin hit for Marshall. Gosselin doubled to center. Gosselin hit for Marshall. Gosselin hit for Marshall. Gosselin doubled to center. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Bourn walked. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bourn out at second, Gosselin to third. Lamb walked, Goldschmidt to second. Tomás grounded out to first. Leone pitching for Diamondbacks. Garza struck out swinging. Villar walked. Arcia singled to left, Villar to third. Braun homered to right center (392 feet), Villar and Arcia scored. Pérez struck out looking. Carter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Drury safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Villar. Castillo homered to left (378 feet), Drury scored. Owings lined out to center. Gosewisch hit for Leone. Gosewisch walked. Mariñez pitching for Brewers. Wilkins at first base. Segura homered to left center (445 feet), Gosewisch scored. Bourn grounded out to second. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 8th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Gosewisch catching. Gennett reached on infield single to second. Broxton reached on bunt single to pitcher, Gennett to second. Maldonado lined out to left. Wilkins flied out to right, Gennett to third. Villar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Marinez pitching for Brewers. Lamb grounded out to second. Tomás singled to left. Drury hit by pitch, Tomás to second. Weeks Jr. hit for Delgado. Weeks Jr. fouled out to first. Owings lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Loewen pitching for Diamondbacks. Arcia walked. Braun singled to right, Arcia to second. Pérez struck out swinging. Elmore hit for Mariñez. Elmore walked, Arcia to third, Braun to second. Gennett hit sacrifice fly to left, Arcia scored. Broxton singled to center, Braun scored, Elmore to second. Elmore to third, Broxton to second on wild pitch by Loewen. Maldonado walked. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilkins doubled to deep right, Elmore and Broxton scored, Maldonado to third. Villar singled to right, Maldonado and Wilkins scored. Arcia grounded out to third. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Goforth pitching for Brewers. Flores in right field. Pérez at third base. Elmore in left field. Piña catching. Gosewisch struck out swinging. Segura singled to center. Bourn grounded into fielder's choice to third, Segura out at second. Goldschmidt doubled to deep left center, Bourn scored. Lamb singled to right, Goldschmidt scored. Tomás flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 15 - Diamondbacks 6.	Braun's 2 HRs, 7 RBIs power Brewers over Diamondbacks