White Sox - Top 1st . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Anderson homered to left ( 366 feet ) . Cabrera singled to left . Abreu flied out to left . Asche grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second . García singled to left , Asche to second . Davidson homered to right ( 401 feet ) , Asche and García scored . Sánchez doubled to right . Narváez singled to shallow left , Sánchez scored . García grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Santana popped out to third . Lindor walked . Brantley doubled to deep right , Lindor to third . Encarnación walked . Ramírez hit sacrifice fly to right , Lindor scored . Chisenhall flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Anderson grounded out to third . Cabrera walked . Abreu singled to left , Cabrera to second . Asche flied out to center , Cabrera to third , Abreu to second . García singled to center , Cabrera and Abreu scored , García to second advancing on throw . Armstrong pitching for Indians . Davidson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Díaz singled to right . Almonte singled to right , Díaz to second . Gomes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Almonte out at second , Díaz to third . Santana struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Armstrong pitching for Indians . Sánchez grounded out to second . Narváez walked . García struck out swinging . Narváez to second on passed ball by Gomes . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Lindor struck out swinging . Brantley struck out looking . Encarnación walked . Ramírez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Armstrong pitching for Indians . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Abreu struck out swinging . Asche grounded out to second , Cabrera to third . García walked . Davidson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Chisenhall grounded out to shortstop . Díaz walked . Díaz to second on passed ball by Narváez . Almonte singled to center , Díaz to third . Gomes struck out swinging . Santana struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Logan pitching for Indians . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . Narváez lined out to center . García grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Lindor grounded out to second . Brantley homered to right center ( 396 feet ) . Encarnación flied out to center . Ramírez singled to shallow left . Chisenhall doubled to deep right , Ramírez scored . Díaz singled to right , Chisenhall to third . Swarzak pitching for White Sox . Almonte lined out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Anderson flied out to center . Cabrera grounded out to second . Abreu walked . Asche flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Swarzak pitching for White Sox . Gomes fouled out to third . Santana flied out to right . Lindor singled to right . Brantley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . McAllister pitching for Indians . García grounded out to shortstop . Davidson struck out looking . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Swarzak pitching for White Sox . Encarnación grounded out to third . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Ramírez singled to left . Chisenhall grounded out to second , Ramírez to second . Díaz lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Narváez singled to left . García singled to center , Narváez to second . Otero pitching for Indians . Anderson bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Narváez out at third , García to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to left , García out at third , Anderson to second . Abreu singled to right , Anderson scored , Cabrera to second . Asche reached on infield single to second , Cabrera scored , Abreu to second . García singled to right , Abreu scored , Asche to second , Asche to third , García to second advancing on throw . Davidson grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Almonte grounded out to second . Gomes homered to left ( 381 feet ) . Santana struck out swinging . Lindor struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Martínez pitching for Indians . Sánchez grounded out to second . Narváez grounded out to shortstop . García doubled to deep center . Anderson batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Kahnle pitching for White Sox . Brantley struck out swinging . Encarnación struck out swinging . Ramírez singled to center . Ramírez to second on fielder 's indifference . Chisenhall grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 10 - Indians 4 .	White Sox score 5 in first , roll past Indians 10 - 4