Royals - Top 1st . Clevinger pitching for Indians . Escobar flied out to center . Moustakas flied out to left . Cain doubled to deep left . Hosmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Kipnis fouled out to third . Lindor flied out to center . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Clevinger pitching for Indians . Pérez struck out looking . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . Moss flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Santana flied out to center . Encarnación grounded out to second . Ramírez homered to right ( 416 feet ) . Gomes struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Clevinger pitching for Indians . Merrifield reached on infield single to shortstop . Gordon flied out to left . Merrifield stole second . Escobar grounded out to first , Merrifield to third . Moustakas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Zimmer walked . Robertson walked , Zimmer to second . Kipnis flied out to left . Lindor singled to center , Zimmer scored , Robertson to third . Brantley singled to deep right , Robertson scored , Lindor to third . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lindor scored , Brantley out at second . Encarnación lined out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Clevinger pitching for Indians . Cain grounded out to third . Hosmer reached on infield single to pitcher . Pérez struck out swinging . Bonifacio singled to right , Hosmer to second . Moss homered to right ( 389 feet ) , Hosmer and Bonifacio scored . Merrifield singled to right . Gordon struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Ramírez grounded out to second . Gomes struck out swinging . Zimmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Clevinger pitching for Indians . Escobar popped out to third . Moustakas homered to right ( 388 feet ) . Cain flied out to right . Hosmer doubled to deep left center . Pérez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Robertson lined out to left . Kipnis struck out swinging . Lindor flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Clevinger pitching for Indians . Bonifacio walked . Logan pitching for Indians . Moss grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bonifacio out at second . Merrifield grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Moss out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Minor pitching for Royals . Brantley struck out swinging . Santana struck out swinging . Encarnación singled to left . Ramírez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Logan pitching for Indians . Gordon hit by pitch . Shaw pitching for Indians . Escobar bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Gordon out at second . Moustakas grounded into double play , shortstop to first to third , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Minor pitching for Royals . Gomes struck out swinging . Zimmer safe at first on error by second baseman Merrifield . Robertson grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Zimmer out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 8th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Cain singled to right . Miller pitching for Indians . Hosmer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cain safe at third on error by shortstop Lindor . Pérez fouled out to first . Bonifacio doubled to deep left center , Cain and Hosmer scored . Bonifacio to third on passed ball by Gomes . Moss struck out swinging . Merrifield flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 8th . Soria pitching for Royals . Kipnis flied out to left . Lindor singled to left . Brantley walked , Lindor to second . Santana lined out to center . Lindor to third , Brantley to second on wild pitch by Soria . Encarnación struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Gordon lined out to second . Escobar struck out swinging . Moustakas doubled to deep right . Cain lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Herrera pitching for Royals . Ramírez flied out to center . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . Zimmer singled to center . Jackson hit for Robertson . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Indians 4 .	Bonifacio 's hit caps Royals ' rally in 6 - 4 win over Indians