White Sox - Top 1st . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Anderson singled to left center . Cabrera singled to center , Anderson to second . Abreu singled to left , Anderson scored , Cabrera to third . García hit by pitch , Abreu to second . Frazier grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at home , Abreu to third , García to second . Davidson singled to left , Abreu and García scored , Frazier to second . Frazier caught stealing third , catcher to third . Sánchez flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Kipnis grounded out to second . Lindor flied out to center . Brantley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Smith grounded out to shortstop . García safe at third on error by left fielder Brantley . Anderson lined out to first . Cabrera singled to right , García scored . Abreu doubled to left , Cabrera thrown out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Santana struck out swinging . Encarnación struck out swinging . Ramírez walked . Jackson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . García singled to center . Frazier reached on infield single to shortstop , García to second , García thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Davidson flied out to center . Sánchez doubled to right , Frazier to third . Otero pitching for Indians . Smith grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Gomes struck out looking . Robertson singled to right . Kipnis grounded out to first , Robertson to second . Lindor flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Otero pitching for Indians . García grounded out to pitcher . Anderson lined out to first . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Brantley doubled to deep right . Santana flied out to right , Brantley to third . Encarnación homered to left center ( 412 feet ) , Brantley scored . Ramírez grounded out to first . Jackson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Goody pitching for Indians . Abreu singled to left , Abreu out stretching at second . García singled to center . Frazier walked , García to second . Davidson flied out to center , García to third . Sánchez lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Holmberg pitching for White Sox . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . Robertson grounded out to third . Kipnis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Smith grounded out to first . García grounded out to second . Anderson singled to right . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Beck pitching for White Sox . Lindor popped out to shortstop . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Brantley lined out to left . Santana homered to left ( 393 feet ) . Swarzak pitching for White Sox . Encarnación doubled to deep center . Encarnación to third on passed ball by Smith . Ramírez lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Abreu grounded out to third . García struck out swinging . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Zimmer hit for Jackson . Swarzak pitching for White Sox . Zimmer lined out to right . Gomes struck out swinging . Chisenhall hit for Robertson . Chisenhall grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Zimmer in center field . Chisenhall in right field . Shaw pitching for Indians . Davidson walked . Hanson ran for Davidson . Sánchez doubled to left , Hanson to third . Smith hit sacrifice fly to right , Hanson scored , Sánchez to third . García bunt popped into double play , third to shortstop , Sánchez doubled off third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Robertson pitching for White Sox . Kipnis struck out swinging . Lindor walked . Brantley struck out swinging . Lindor to second on wild pitch by Robertson . Santana struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Anderson struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to right . Abreu grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Robertson pitching for White Sox . Encarnación flied out to left . Ramírez grounded out to second . Zimmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Indians 3 .	Holmberg , Abreu leads White Sox past Indians 5 - 3