Rangers - Top 1st . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Choo doubled to deep center . Andrus walked . Mazara doubled to deep right center , Choo scored , Andrus to third . Beltré homered to left ( 408 feet ) , Andrus and Mazara scored . Odor grounded out to second . Gómez struck out swinging . Lucroy struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Lindor walked . Kipnis walked , Lindor to second . Ramírez singled to shallow left , Lindor to third , Kipnis to second . Encarnación struck out looking . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lindor scored , Kipnis out at third , Ramírez to second . Guyer grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Napoli struck out looking . Gallo walked . Choo walked , Gallo to second . Andrus homered to left ( 386 feet ) , Gallo and Choo scored . Mazara struck out swinging . Beltré doubled to center , Beltré tagged out coming off second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Chisenhall singled to shallow center . Pérez lined out to right . Zimmer singled to shallow center , Chisenhall to second . Lindor flied out to center . Kipnis lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Odor struck out swinging . Gómez struck out swinging . Lucroy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Ramírez singled to center . Ramírez to second on wild pitch by Hamels . Encarnación grounded out to shortstop . Santana grounded out to second , Ramírez to third . Guyer singled to center , Ramírez scored . Chisenhall grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Napoli struck out looking . Gallo homered to center ( 415 feet ) . Otero pitching for Indians . Choo struck out looking . Andrus homered to left center ( 417 feet ) . Mazara grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Pérez doubled to left . Zimmer grounded out to second , Pérez to third . Lindor grounded out to shortstop , Pérez scored . Kipnis flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Otero pitching for Indians . Beltré struck out swinging . Odor fouled out to third . Gómez walked . Lucroy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gómez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Ramírez singled to shallow left . Encarnación walked , Ramírez to second . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Encarnación out at second , Ramírez to third . Guyer walked , Santana to second . Chisenhall reached on infield single to first , Ramírez scored , Santana to third , Guyer to second . Álvarez pitching for Rangers . Pérez walked , Santana scored , Guyer to third , Chisenhall to second . Zimmer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guyer scored , Pérez out at second , Chisenhall to third . Lindor singled to center , Chisenhall scored , Zimmer to third . Kipnis lined out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Otero pitching for Indians . Napoli singled to left . Logan pitching for Indians . Gallo struck out looking . Choo struck out swinging . Shaw pitching for Indians . Andrus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Ramírez walked . Encarnación singled to center , Ramírez to second . Santana singled to right , Ramírez scored , Encarnación to second . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Guyer singled to left , Encarnación to third , Santana to second . Chisenhall singled to center , Encarnación and Santana scored , Guyer to second . Pérez walked , Guyer to third , Chisenhall to second . Zimmer popped out to second . Lindor reached on infield single to shortstop , Guyer scored , Chisenhall to third , Pérez to second . Kipnis hit sacrifice fly to center , Chisenhall scored . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pérez out at third , Lindor to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Mazara grounded out to second . Beltré grounded out to third . Odor flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Claiborne pitching for Rangers . Encarnación doubled to deep right . Santana doubled to deep center , Encarnación scored , Santana to third on throwing error by second baseman Odor . Guyer struck out swinging . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Pérez doubled to deep center , Santana scored . Zimmer doubled to deep left , Pérez scored . Lindor flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 8th . Allen pitching for Indians . Gómez struck out swinging . Lucroy struck out swinging . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Kozma at third base . DeShields in center field . Claiborne pitching for Rangers . Kipnis singled to right . Ramírez flied out to center . Encarnación grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kipnis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Goody pitching for Indians . Gallo walked . Choo struck out looking . Andrus singled to center , Gallo to second . Mazara flied out to center . Kozma struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 9 - Indians 15 .	Down 7 and missing Francona , Indians rally to top Texas 15 - 9