Tigers - Top 1st . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Kinsler singled to right . Kinsler caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Avila struck out swinging . Upton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Kipnis doubled to right center . Lindor grounded out to shortstop , Kipnis to third . Brantley struck out looking . Encarnación popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Cabrera struck out swinging . J.D. Martinez grounded out to first . Martínez singled to left . Castellanos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Ramírez struck out swinging . Chisenhall popped out to shortstop . Almonte singled to left . Zimmer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Mahtook grounded out to third . Iglesias doubled to left . Iglesias out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Kinsler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Gomes grounded out to third . Kipnis doubled to deep right . Lindor reached on infield single to second , Kipnis to third . Lindor stole second . Brantley doubled to deep right , Kipnis and Lindor scored . Encarnación grounded out to shortstop , Brantley to third . Ramírez reached on infield single to shortstop , Brantley scored . Chisenhall homered to right ( 376 feet ) , Ramírez scored . Almonte lined out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Avila singled to left . Upton walked , Avila to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Upton out at second , Avila to third . J.D. Martinez singled to center , Avila scored . Martínez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Zimmer singled to center . Gomes walked , Zimmer to second . Bell pitching for Tigers . Kipnis walked , Zimmer to third , Gomes to second . Lindor grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zimmer out at home , Gomes to third , Kipnis to second . Brantley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lindor out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Castellanos struck out swinging . Mahtook struck out swinging . Iglesias struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Encarnación flied out to center . Ramírez struck out swinging . Chisenhall singled to shallow center . Almonte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Kinsler singled to center . Avila singled to right , Kinsler to third . Upton struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to right , Kinsler scored , Avila to third . J.D. Martinez struck out swinging . Martínez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Zimmer homered to center ( 424 feet ) . Gomes walked . Kipnis walked , Gomes to second . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Lindor tripled to deep right , Gomes and Kipnis scored . Brantley singled to center , Lindor scored . Brantley to second on wild pitch by Wilson . Encarnación struck out looking . Ramírez intentionally walked . Chisenhall flied out to left . Almonte grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Castellanos struck out swinging . Mahtook singled to left . Iglesias grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mahtook out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Romine at first base . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Zimmer reached on infield single to first . Gomes walked , Zimmer to second . Kipnis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gomes out at second , Zimmer to third . Lindor singled to deep left , Zimmer scored , Kipnis to third . Brantley hit sacrifice fly to right , Kipnis scored . Encarnación walked , Lindor to second . Guyer ran for Encarnación . Ramírez reached on infield single to second , Lindor to third , Guyer to second . Chisenhall lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . González at second base . Guyer in right field . Chisenhall at first base . McAllister pitching for Indians . Machado hit for Kinsler . Machado singled to center . Avila grounded into double play , first to third to pitcher , Machado out at second . Presley hit for Upton . Presley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Machado at second base . Presley in left field . Stumpf pitching for Tigers . Almonte singled to left . Zimmer grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Almonte out at second . Gomes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Armstrong pitching for Indians . Romine grounded out to shortstop . J.D. Martinez fouled out to first . McCann hit for Martínez . McCann safe at first on error by third baseman Ramírez . Castellanos flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 2 - Indians 11 .	Carrasco strikes out 11 , Indians overpower Tigers 11 - 2