Blue Jays - Top 1st . Bauer pitching for Indians . Bautista doubled to left . Martin struck out swinging . Donaldson flied out to center . Smoak walked . Bautista stole third . Morales singled to center , Bautista scored , Smoak to second . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Zimmer struck out swinging . Lindor struck out swinging . Brantley popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Carrera doubled to right . Pillar grounded out to first , Carrera to third . Goins hit sacrifice fly to center , Carrera scored . Bautista lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Encarnación homered to center ( 421 feet ) . Ramírez fouled out to first . Santana grounded out to second . Almonte grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Martin flied out to right . Donaldson struck out swinging . Smoak singled to right . Morales grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Pérez reached on bunt single to third . González fouled out to catcher . Zimmer fouled out to third . Lindor flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Tulowitzki doubled to deep right center . Carrera walked . Pillar lined out to right . Goins grounded into double play , second to first , Carrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Brantley flied out to right . Encarnación walked . Ramírez popped out to second . Santana doubled to deep right center , Encarnación thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Bautista struck out looking . Martin struck out swinging . Donaldson walked . Smoak doubled to deep left center , Donaldson scored . Morales walked . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Almonte tripled to deep center . Pérez walked . González singled to right , Almonte scored , Pérez to second . Zimmer struck out looking . Lindor walked , Pérez to third , González to second . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pérez scored , Lindor out at second , González to third . Brantley stole second . Encarnación doubled to deep center , González and Brantley scored . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Ramírez singled to right , Encarnación to third . Santana struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Olson pitching for Indians . Pearce hit for Carrera . Pearce hit by pitch . Shaw pitching for Indians . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pearce out at second . Goins grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pillar out at second . Bautista fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Pearce in left field . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Almonte grounded out to second . Pérez struck out looking . González struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Martin grounded out to second . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Smoak grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Zimmer walked . Lindor flied out to right . Beliveau pitching for Blue Jays . Brantley hit by pitch , Zimmer to second . Encarnación singled to right , Zimmer scored , Brantley to second . Ramírez doubled to center , Brantley scored , Encarnación to third . Santana singled to right , Encarnación scored , Ramírez to third . Almonte homered to right ( 347 feet ) , Ramírez and Santana scored . Pérez walked . Valdez pitching for Blue Jays . González doubled to shallow left , Pérez to third . Zimmer singled to right , Pérez and González scored . Lindor doubled to deep center , Zimmer to third . Brantley struck out swinging . Encarnación flied out to center . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Guyer in left field . Urshela at third base . Otero pitching for Indians . Morales grounded out to second . Tulowitzki singled to right . Barney ran for Tulowitzki . Pearce singled to right , Barney to second . Pillar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pearce out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Barney at second base . Goins at shortstop . Valdez pitching for Blue Jays . Urshela popped out to second . Santana struck out swinging . Almonte reached on infield single to shortstop . Pérez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Merritt pitching for Indians . Goins doubled to deep left . Bautista lined out to left . Montero grounded out to first , Goins to third . Donaldson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 3 - Indians 13 .	Encarnacion homers , drives in 4 as Indians pound Jays 13 - 3