Angels - Top 1st . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Escobar lined out to shortstop . Trout struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Nolasco pitching for Angels . Zimmer homered to center ( 412 feet ) . Lindor grounded out to first . Brantley lined out to first . Encarnación struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Calhoun grounded out to second . Simmons hit by pitch . Valbuena doubled to deep left , Simmons scored . Revere lined out to center . Maldonado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Angels . Ramírez lined out to left . Santana singled to right . Jackson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Cowart hit by pitch . Escobar struck out swinging . Trout singled to center , Cowart to second . Pujols popped out to first . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Nolasco pitching for Angels . Gomes struck out swinging . González reached on infield single to shortstop . González caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Zimmer walked . Lindor reached on infield single to pitcher , Zimmer to second . Brantley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Simmons singled to center . Valbuena struck out swinging . Simmons caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Revere singled to shallow left . Revere to second on wild pitch by Carrasco . Maldonado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Nolasco pitching for Angels . Encarnación walked . Ramírez reached on infield single to third , Encarnación to second . Santana singled to right , Encarnación thrown out at home , Ramírez to second . Jackson struck out looking . Gomes singled to right , Ramírez scored , Santana to third . González struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Cowart grounded out to pitcher . Escobar grounded out to third . Trout grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Nolasco pitching for Angels . Zimmer popped out to second . Lindor grounded out to first . Brantley popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Pujols grounded out to third . Calhoun grounded out to second . Simmons grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Nolasco pitching for Angels . Encarnación lined out to shortstop . Ramírez grounded out to second . Santana flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Valbuena homered to right center ( 438 feet ) . Revere singled to left center . Maldonado sacrificed to pitcher , Revere to second . Shaw pitching for Indians . Cowart grounded out to first , Revere to third . Escobar grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Nolasco pitching for Angels . Jackson singled to left . Gomes lined out to left . González lined out to shortstop . Zimmer doubled to deep center , Jackson scored . Middleton pitching for Angels . Lindor singled to shallow left , Zimmer tagged out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Trout singled to left . Pujols lined out to right . Miller pitching for Indians . Calhoun struck out looking . Simmons reached on infield single to third , Trout to second . Cron hit for Valbuena . Cron grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Cron at first base . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Brantley singled to right . Encarnación walked , Brantley to second . Ramírez struck out looking . Santana singled to right , Brantley scored , Encarnación to second . Guyer ran for Encarnación . Jackson singled to center , Guyer scored , Santana to second . Gomes doubled to deep left center , Santana scored , Jackson to third . Pounders pitching for Angels . González singled to center , Jackson and Gomes scored . Zimmer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , González out at second . Lindor walked , Zimmer to second . Brantley singled to center , Zimmer scored , Lindor to third . Guyer singled to left , Lindor scored , Brantley to second . Ramírez grounded out to first . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Guyer in left field . Urshela at third base . Otero pitching for Indians . Pennington hit for Revere . Pennington doubled to left center . Franklin hit for Maldonado . Franklin doubled to deep center , Pennington scored . Cowart singled to left , Franklin to third . Escobar grounded into double play , second to first , Franklin scored , Cowart out at second . Trout reached on infield single to third . Pujols struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 4 - Indians 10 .	Zimmer homers , drives in go - ahead run as Indians beat Angels