Indians - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Zimmer walked . Lindor sacrificed to third , Zimmer to second . Brantley lined out to right . Encarnación grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Kluber pitching for Indians . Cabrera singled to center . Sánchez struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . Moncada struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Ramírez grounded out to first . Santana walked . Jackson safe at second on error by right fielder Hanson , Santana to third . Gomes hit sacrifice fly to center , Santana scored . González struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Davidson struck out swinging . Narváez grounded out to shortstop . Hanson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Zimmer singled to right center . Lindor singled to right , Zimmer to third , Lindor to second advancing on throw . Brantley hit sacrifice fly to center , Zimmer scored , Lindor to third . Encarnación singled to center , Lindor scored . Ramírez fouled out to first . Santana singled to right , Encarnación to second . Jackson hit ground rule double to deep center , Encarnación scored , Santana to third . Gomes grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Anderson lined out to center . Engel hit by pitch . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Engel to second . Sánchez struck out swinging . Abreu homered to left ( 406 feet ) , Engel and Cabrera scored . Moncada flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . González grounded out to second . Zimmer bunt grounded out to second . Lindor grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Davidson struck out looking . Narváez lined out to second . Hanson singled to center . Hanson stole second . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Brantley hit ground rule double to deep right center . Encarnación struck out swinging . Ramírez struck out looking . Santana walked . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Engel lined out to left . Cabrera singled to left center . Sánchez singled to center , Cabrera to second . Abreu struck out swinging . Moncada struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Gomes flied out to left . González struck out swinging . Zimmer grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Davidson struck out swinging . Narváez struck out swinging . Hanson doubled to deep right . Anderson doubled to right , Hanson scored . Engel grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Clippard pitching for White Sox . Lindor safe at first on error by pitcher Clippard . Brantley struck out swinging , Lindor stole second . Encarnación walked . Ramírez popped out to shortstop . Lindor to third , Encarnación to second on wild pitch by Clippard . Santana walked . Jackson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Cabrera doubled to deep right center . Sánchez sacrificed to third , Cabrera to third . Abreu intentionally walked . Miller pitching for Indians . Moncada hit by pitch , Abreu to second . Davidson struck out swinging . Smith hit for Narváez . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Smith catching . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Gomes flied out to left . González grounded out to third . Zimmer walked . Lindor singled to shallow left center , Zimmer to third . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Brantley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Indians . Hanson singled to right . Anderson sacrificed to third , Hanson to second . Engel walked . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hanson out at third , Engel to second , Engel to third on throwing error by third baseman Ramírez . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 9th . García in right field . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Encarnación struck out swinging . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . Santana walked . Jackson singled to right , Santana to second . Infante pitching for White Sox . Gomes hit by pitch , Santana to third , Jackson to second . Guyer hit for González . Guyer hit by pitch , Santana scored , Jackson to third , Gomes to second . Zimmer flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Ramírez at second base . Urshela at third base . Allen pitching for Indians . Abreu lined out to right . Moncada struck out looking . Davidson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 5 - White Sox 4 .	Indians win 9th in row , beat Chisox 5 - 4 on hit batter in 9th