Yankees - Top 1st . Bauer pitching for Indians . Gardner lined out to left . Frazier struck out swinging . Judge singled to left . Sánchez fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Lindor walked . Guyer lined out to left . Brantley grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Lindor out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Gregorius grounded out to shortstop . Holliday grounded out to first . Headley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . Encarnación struck out swinging . Santana walked . Jackson doubled to left , Santana scored , Jackson to third advancing on throw . Jackson scored on Sánchez ' passed ball . Pérez walked . Urshela singled to left , Pérez to second . Lindor lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Frazier singled to center . Torreyes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Frazier out at second . Gardner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Guyer singled to left . Brantley singled to right , Guyer to third , Guyer scored , Brantley to second on throwing error by right fielder Judge . Ramírez grounded out to pitcher , Brantley to third . Encarnación hit sacrifice fly to right , Brantley scored . Santana struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 4th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Frazier popped out to shortstop . Judge walked . Sánchez flied out to right . Gregorius singled to right , Judge to second . Holliday fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Jackson struck out swinging . Pérez grounded out to third . Urshela struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Headley struck out swinging . Frazier homered to right ( 355 feet ) . Torreyes singled to deep right . Gardner singled to shallow left center , Torreyes to third . Frazier grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Torreyes out at home , Gardner to second . Judge walked , Gardner to third , Frazier to second . Sánchez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Lindor lined out to left . Guyer walked . Guyer stole second . Brantley singled to left center , Guyer scored . Brantley to second on wild pitch by García . Ramírez grounded out to first , Brantley to third . Green pitching for Yankees . Brantley scored on Green 's wild pitch . Encarnación popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Gregorius struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to third . Headley doubled to deep center . Frazier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Green pitching for Yankees . Santana struck out swinging . Jackson struck out looking . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Torreyes struck out swinging . Gardner grounded out to second . Frazier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Green pitching for Yankees . Urshela singled to right . Lindor struck out swinging . Guyer struck out looking . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Urshela out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Zimmer in center field . Jackson in left field . Smith pitching for Indians . Judge struck out swinging . Sánchez struck out looking . Olson pitching for Indians . Gregorius singled to left . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . Ramírez doubled to left . Encarnación doubled to deep left center , Ramírez scored . Santana lined out to center . Jackson struck out looking . Pérez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . González at second base . Shaw pitching for Indians . Headley singled to shallow center . Frazier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Headley out at second . Torreyes reached on infield single to shortstop . Torreyes to second on fielder 's indifference . Gardner singled to center , Torreyes scored . Frazier grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gardner out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 2 - Indians 7 .	Bauer leads Indians to 7 - 2 win , Yankees ' 4th straight loss