Indians - Top 1st . Hammel pitching for Royals . Lindor grounded out to first . Kipnis struck out swinging . Ramírez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Salazar pitching for Indians . Merrifield singled to center . Cain grounded into double play , third to second to first , Merrifield out at second . Hosmer singled to left center . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Hammel pitching for Royals . Encarnación grounded out to shortstop . Bruce lined out to center . Santana walked . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Salazar pitching for Indians . Moustakas walked . Bonifacio doubled to deep center , Moustakas to third . Escobar singled to shallow center , Moustakas scored , Bonifacio to third . Cuthbert struck out swinging . Gallagher singled to center , Bonifacio scored , Escobar to second . Merrifield lined out to right . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gallagher out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Hammel pitching for Royals . Zimmer reached on bunt single to third . Zimmer stole second . Gomes flied out to center . Lindor homered to right ( 346 feet ) , Zimmer scored . Kipnis flied out to left . Ramírez grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Salazar pitching for Indians . Hosmer struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to first . Moustakas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Encarnación flied out to center . Bruce singled to shallow center . Santana singled to right , Bruce to third . Jackson hit sacrifice fly to left , Bruce scored . Zimmer flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Bonifacio reached on infield single to shortstop . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bonifacio out at second . Cuthbert homered to left ( 416 feet ) . Gallagher singled to right center . Merrifield singled to right center , Gallagher to second . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Merrifield out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Gomes fouled out to catcher . Lindor singled to right . Kipnis flied out to center . Lindor stole second . Ramírez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Hosmer singled to right . Cabrera lined out to center . Moustakas struck out swinging . Bonifacio singled to center , Hosmer to second . Escobar singled to right , Hosmer scored , Bonifacio to third , Escobar to second advancing on throw . McAllister pitching for Indians . Cuthbert singled to right , Bonifacio and Escobar scored , Cuthbert thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Encarnación flied out to left . Bruce popped out to shortstop . Santana grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Gallagher walked . Merrifield struck out swinging . Cain singled to left center , Gallagher to second . Hosmer flied out to center . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cain out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Alexander pitching for Royals . Jackson grounded out to third . Zimmer struck out swinging . Gomes safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cuthbert . Lindor flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 7th . Otero pitching for Indians . Moustakas doubled to left . Bonifacio grounded out to first , Moustakas to third . Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center , Moustakas scored . Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Cabrera in right field . Gordon in left field . Maurer pitching for Royals . Kipnis singled to center . Ramírez lined out to center . Encarnación walked , Kipnis to second . Bruce struck out swinging . Santana fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Otero pitching for Indians . Gallagher grounded out to pitcher . Merrifield struck out swinging . Cain grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Herrera pitching for Royals . Jackson tripled to deep center . Zimmer flied out to left . Gomes grounded out to shortstop , Jackson scored . Lindor doubled to right . Kipnis flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - Royals 7 .	Cuthbert , Escobar lead Royals to 7 - 4 victory over Indians