Royals - Top 1st . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Merrifield lined out to left . Cain singled to right . Hosmer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cain out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Hammel pitching for Royals . Lindor grounded out to first . Jackson singled to right center . Santana singled to center , Jackson to second . Encarnación grounded into double play , third to first , Jackson out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Cabrera flied out to center . Moustakas walked . Moss grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Moustakas out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Hammel pitching for Royals . Bruce doubled to deep center . Díaz struck out swinging , Díaz safe at first on wild pitch by Hammel , Bruce to third . Almonte hit sacrifice fly to center , Bruce scored . Díaz stole second . Gomes lined out to left . Urshela flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Escobar lined out to left . Gordon homered to center ( 421 feet ) . Butera struck out swinging . Merrifield singled to shallow center . Merrifield stole second . Cain walked . Hosmer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Hammel pitching for Royals . Lindor singled to right . Jackson walked , Lindor to second . Santana singled to right center , Lindor scored , Jackson to third . Encarnación hit sacrifice fly to left , Jackson scored . Bruce popped out to shortstop . Díaz singled to right center , Santana to third . Almonte flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Cabrera hit ground rule double to right . Moustakas lined out to center . Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Carrasco . Moss hit sacrifice fly to left , Cabrera scored . Escobar lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Gomes flied out to left . Urshela lined out to left . Lindor singled to center . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Gordon struck out swinging . Butera fouled out to first . Merrifield grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Encarnación struck out looking . Bruce grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Cain flied out to right . Hosmer grounded out to second . Cabrera singled to left . Moustakas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Hammel pitching for Royals . Díaz singled to right center . Almonte singled to center , Díaz to second . Gomes bunt popped out foul to third . Urshela flied out to right , Díaz to third . Lindor doubled to deep left , Díaz and Almonte scored . Jackson singled to center , Lindor scored , Jackson scored on throwing error by catcher Butera . Santana flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . González at second base . Urshela at third base . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Moss grounded out to shortstop . Escobar doubled to deep left center . Gordon struck out looking . Butera doubled to right center , Escobar scored . Merrifield singled to shallow left , Butera scored . Miller pitching for Indians . Cain lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Encarnación homered to center ( 432 feet ) . Bruce reached on infield single to shortstop . González grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bruce out at second . Almonte grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , González out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Allen in left field . McAllister pitching for Indians . Hosmer singled to left . Cabrera flied out to left . Moustakas struck out swinging . Moss flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Orlando in center field . Cuthbert at third base . Morin pitching for Royals . Gomes lined out to right . Urshela flied out to left . Lindor walked . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lindor out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Goody pitching for Indians . Escobar flied out to right . Gordon struck out looking . Butera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 4 - Indians 8 .	Indians take Central after Lindor 's ' extra ' efforts