Rockies - Top 1st. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Blackmon flied out to left. González doubled to deep center. Tulowitzki doubled to left, González scored. Morneau popped out to shortstop. Arenado doubled to deep center, Tulowitzki scored. Dickerson homered to right (369 feet), Arenado scored. Hundley lined out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Gómez struck out swinging. Lucroy grounded out to second. Braun struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Lohse pitching for Brewers. LeMahieu singled to right. Kendrick sacrificed to pitcher, LeMahieu to second. Blackmon safe at first on error by second baseman Gennett, LeMahieu to third. González grounded into double play, first to catcher, LeMahieu out at home, Blackmon to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Ramírez singled to center. Lind singled to left, Ramírez to second. Davis struck out swinging. Gennett hit by pitch, Ramírez to third, Lind to second. Segura grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gennett out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Tulowitzki doubled to deep right center. Morneau lined out to shortstop. Tulowitzki to third on wild pitch by Lohse. Arenado homered to left center (397 feet), Tulowitzki scored. Dickerson lined out to right. Hundley singled to left. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hundley out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Lohse singled to right. Gómez struck out swinging. Lucroy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lohse out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Lohse pitching for Brewers. Kendrick doubled to deep left. Kendrick to third on wild pitch by Lohse. Blackmon struck out swinging. González singled to shallow right center, Kendrick scored. Blazek pitching for Brewers. Tulowitzki singled to shallow left, González to second. Morneau lined out to right, González to third. Arenado singled to center, González scored, Tulowitzki to second, Tulowitzki to third, Arenado to second on error by center fielder Gómez. Dickerson hit ground rule double to deep center, Tulowitzki and Arenado scored. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Braun fouled out to first. Ramírez singled to left. Lind lined out to right. Davis reached on infield single to second, Ramírez to third. Gennett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Blazek pitching for Brewers. LeMahieu singled to shallow left. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to second, LeMahieu out at second. Blackmon singled to shallow center, Kendrick to second. González grounded out to third, Kendrick to third, Blackmon to second. Tulowitzki lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Segura struck out looking. Schafer hit for Blazek. Schafer popped out to second. Gómez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Cotts pitching for Brewers. Morneau grounded out to second. Arenado grounded out to third. Dickerson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Lucroy lined out to left. Parra lined out to shortstop. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Cotts pitching for Brewers. Hundley struck out looking. LeMahieu struck out looking. Kendrick singled to shallow left. Blackmon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Lind singled to shallow center. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lind out at second. Gennett flied out to right. Segura singled to right, Davis to second. Jiménez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Stubbs struck out swinging. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Morneau lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Gómez popped out to second. Lucroy struck out swinging. Parra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Arenado walked. Dickerson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Arenado out at second. Hundley safe at first on error by first baseman Lind, Dickerson to third. LeMahieu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hundley out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Maldonado grounded out to third. Lind reached on infield single to shortstop. Davis lined out to right. Gennett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 10 - Brewers 0.	Kendrick, Rockies trounce Brewers 10-0 in opener