Rockies - Top 1st. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon struck out swinging. Dickerson struck out swinging. Tulowitzki doubled to deep left. Morneau safe at first on error by second baseman Owings, Tulowitzki to third. Arenado singled to right center, Tulowitzki scored, Morneau to second. González lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Inciarte reached on infield single to shortstop. Owings popped out to second. Goldschmidt singled to left center, Inciarte to second. Inciarte stole third, Goldschmidt stole second. Inciarte scored, Goldschmidt safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Descalso. Trumbo singled to center, Goldschmidt scored. Peralta walked, Trumbo to second. Tomás grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Peralta out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 2nd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley reached on infield single to pitcher. Descalso lined out to right. Lyles lined into double play, second to first, Hundley doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Pacheco struck out swinging. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Collmenter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon grounded out to first. Dickerson flied out to center. Tulowitzki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Inciarte grounded out to pitcher. Owings grounded out to third. Goldschmidt singled to right. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Morneau grounded out to second. Arenado fouled out to first. González struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Peralta walked. Tomás grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Peralta out at second. Pacheco singled to center. Ahmed singled to left center, Pacheco to second. Collmenter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley flied out to right. Descalso grounded out to shortstop. Lyles struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Inciarte walked. Owings sacrificed to third, Inciarte to second. Goldschmidt walked. Trumbo flied out to left, Inciarte to third, Goldschmidt to second. Peralta walked. Tomás singled to right, Inciarte and Goldschmidt scored, Peralta to third. Pacheco homered to left center (391 feet), Peralta and Tomás scored. Ahmed flied out to center. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon lined out to center. Dickerson doubled to right. Tulowitzki singled to left center, Dickerson thrown out at home. Morneau lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Collmenter struck out looking. Inciarte struck out looking. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado fouled out to shortstop. González grounded out to first. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt flied out to right. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Stubbs in right field. Peralta doubled to deep center. Tomás singled to deep right, Peralta scored. Pennington ran for Tomás. Pacheco struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Inciarte in right field. Pollock in center field. Pennington at third base. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Descalso struck out looking. Stubbs struck out swinging. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Logan pitching for Rockies. Ahmed grounded out to third. Hill hit for Collmenter. Hill reached on infield single to shortstop. Inciarte lined out to center. Owings singled to right, Hill to second. Goldschmidt singled to right, Hill scored, Owings to second. Pollock flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson flied out to left. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. Morneau grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 1 - Diamondbacks 9.	Pacheco, Tomas lead Diamondbacks to 9-1 win over Rockies