Rockies - Top 1st. Kennedy pitching for Padres. LeMahieu walked. Dickerson struck out swinging. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Morneau grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Butler pitching for Rockies. Myers walked. Solarte struck out swinging. Kemp singled to right, Myers to third. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Myers scored, Kemp out at second. Upton stole second. Norris grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Arenado flied out to right. González struck out swinging. Hundley walked. Stubbs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Butler pitching for Rockies. Alonso grounded out to third. Middlebrooks grounded out to third. Amarista grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Butler bunt grounded out to pitcher. LeMahieu doubled to deep right. Dickerson flied out to left. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Butler pitching for Rockies. Kennedy grounded out to third. Myers walked. Solarte flied out to right. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Morneau grounded out to third. Arenado singled to right. González flied out to right. Hundley popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Butler pitching for Rockies. Upton hit by pitch. Norris singled to center, Upton scored. Alonso doubled to deep left, Norris to third. Middlebrooks safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki. Amarista safe at first on error by second baseman LeMahieu, Norris scored, Alonso to third, Middlebrooks to second. Kennedy popped out to second. Myers struck out swinging. Solarte singled to center, Alonso and Middlebrooks scored, Amarista to second, Amarista thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 3 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Stubbs homered to left (384 feet). Descalso hit for Butler. Descalso struck out swinging. LeMahieu grounded out to second. Dickerson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Kemp flied out to right. Upton singled to right. Norris singled to left, Upton to third. Alonso singled to right, Upton scored, Norris to second. Middlebrooks grounded into fielder's choice to third, Norris out at third, Alonso to second. Amarista grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Tulowitzki lined out to first. Morneau grounded out to first. Arenado homered to left (366 feet). González struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Venable hit for Kennedy. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Venable flied out to left. Myers grounded out to first. Solarte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Hundley flied out to right. Stubbs struck out looking. Matzek hit for Bergman. Matzek grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Kemp grounded out to third. Upton reached on infield single to shortstop. Upton stole second. Norris grounded out to pitcher, Upton to third. Alonso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Thayer pitching for Padres. LeMahieu singled to right. Dickerson struck out swinging. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, LeMahieu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Rondón pitching for Rockies. Middlebrooks walked. Amarista walked, Middlebrooks to second. Spangenberg hit for Thayer. Spangenberg reached on bunt single to pitcher, Middlebrooks to third, Amarista to second. Myers safe at second on error by third baseman Arenado, Middlebrooks and Amarista scored, Spangenberg to third. Solarte singled to center, Spangenberg and Myers scored. Kemp singled to right, Solarte to third. Upton singled to right center, Solarte scored, Kemp to third. Norris doubled to deep right center, Kemp and Upton scored. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Alonso singled to left, Norris to third. Middlebrooks hit sacrifice fly to center, Norris scored. Amarista lined out to third. Spangenberg grounded out to third. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 9th. Vincent pitching for Padres. Morneau flied out to center. Ynoa hit for Arenado. Ynoa grounded out to third. González walked. Hundley doubled to left, González scored. Stubbs struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 3 - Padres 14.	Padres beat Rockies 14-3, to snap three-game skid