Dodgers - Top 1st. Butler pitching for Rockies. Pederson walked. Rollins struck out swinging. Pederson stole second. Turner walked. González hit ground rule double to deep right center, Pederson scored, Turner to third. Grandal hit sacrifice fly to left, Turner scored. Guerrero reached on infield single to third, González to third. González out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Ethier batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon grounded out to second. Dickerson singled to left center. Tulowitzki singled to right, Dickerson to second. Morneau grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tulowitzki out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Butler pitching for Rockies. Ethier walked. Uribe grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ethier out at second. Anderson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Arenado grounded out to third. González flied out to center. Hundley singled to right. LeMahieu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Butler pitching for Rockies. Pederson struck out looking. Rollins reached on infield single to shortstop. Turner flied out to center. Rollins caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. González batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Butler struck out swinging. Blackmon hit by pitch. Dickerson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Blackmon out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Butler pitching for Rockies. González lined out to second. Grandal grounded out to second. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki doubled to deep left. Morneau grounded out to pitcher. Arenado singled to left center, Tulowitzki scored, Arenado to second on error by left fielder Guerrero. González grounded out to first, Arenado to third. Hundley flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 5th. Butler pitching for Rockies. Ethier grounded out to third. Uribe grounded out to pitcher. Anderson walked. Pederson lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu grounded out to second. Butler grounded out to second. Blackmon walked. Dickerson reached on infield single to second, Blackmon tagged out at home, Blackmon to third advancing on play. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Butler pitching for Rockies. Rollins struck out swinging. Turner hit by pitch. González singled to right, Turner to second. Grandal reached on infield single to shortstop, Turner to third, González to second. Guerrero batting. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 2 - Rockies 1.	Dodgers beat Rockies 2-1 in rain-shortened game