Dodgers - Top 1st. Hale pitching for Rockies. Pederson grounded out to second. Hernández homered to right (416 feet). González flied out to left. Grandal struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon grounded out to second. LeMahieu grounded out to second. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Hale pitching for Rockies. Ethier flied out to center. Callaspo grounded out to second. Rollins singled to center. Heisey popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. González singled to left. Arenado grounded into double play, second to first, González out at second. Paulsen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Hale pitching for Rockies. Greinke flied out to center. Pederson homered to center (480 feet). Hernández singled to left. González homered to right center (419 feet), Hernández scored. Grandal grounded out to first. Ethier grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Hundley singled to left. Barnes singled to left, Hundley to second. Hale sacrificed to first, Hundley to third, Barnes to second. Blackmon hit sacrifice fly to center, Hundley scored, Barnes to third. LeMahieu singled to right center, Barnes scored. Tulowitzki flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Hale pitching for Rockies. Callaspo singled to center. Rollins struck out swinging. Heisey struck out looking. Greinke struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. González singled to right. Arenado singled to left center, González to second. Paulsen walked, González to third, Arenado to second. Hundley grounded into fielder's choice to second, González scored, Paulsen out at second, Arenado to third. Barnes struck out swinging. Hale grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hundley out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Hale pitching for Rockies. Pederson flied out to right. Hernández flied out to center. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon singled to right. LeMahieu grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Blackmon out at second. Tulowitzki popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Hale pitching for Rockies. Grandal singled to center. Ethier grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Grandal out at second. Callaspo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Greinke pitching for Dodgers. González grounded out to pitcher. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Paulsen singled to right. Hundley doubled to deep right center, Paulsen scored, Hundley to third advancing on throw. Barnes singled to right, Hundley scored. Descalso hit for Hale. Descalso grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barnes out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Brown pitching for Rockies. Rollins walked. Heisey grounded out to third, Rollins to second. Turner hit for Greinke. Turner grounded out to third. Rollins stole third. Pederson tripled to deep right center, Rollins scored. Hernández flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. García pitching for Dodgers. Turner at second base. Blackmon flied out to center. LeMahieu singled to center. Tulowitzki homered to center (440 feet), LeMahieu scored. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. González flied out to left. Arenado flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Logan pitching for Rockies. González struck out swinging. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Grandal grounded out to second. Ethier grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. Paulsen flied out to center. Hundley doubled to left. Barnes singled to center, Hundley scored, Barnes to second advancing on throw. Rosario hit for Oberg. Rosario intentionally walked. Blackmon lined out to left. Guerrero in left field. Ravin pitching for Dodgers. Heisey in right field. LeMahieu struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Callaspo singled to center. Rollins singled to center, Callaspo to second. Heisey singled to center, Callaspo to third, Rollins to second. Turner struck out swinging. Pederson flied out to left. Guerrero homered to center (423 feet), Callaspo, Rollins and Heisey scored. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. González walked. Grandal singled to right, González to second. Kendrick hit for Ravin. Kendrick walked, González to third, Grandal to second. Callaspo lined out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki struck out looking. González doubled to right center. Arenado grounded out to shortstop, González to third. Paulsen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 9 - Rockies 8.	Guerrero slam caps Dodgers' rally to save split