Marlins - Top 1st. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Gordon doubled to deep right, Gordon out stretching at third. Prado lined out to right. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Blackmon singled to left. LeMahieu singled to right, Blackmon to third, LeMahieu to second on error by catcher Mathis. Arenado tripled to deep right, Blackmon and LeMahieu scored. González struck out swinging. Rosario singled to center, Arenado scored. McKenry tripled to deep right, Rosario scored. Descalso grounded out to second. Barnes grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 2nd. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Baker struck out looking. Ozuna singled to center. Yelich grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ozuna out at second. Mathis singled to left, Yelich to second. Hechavarría singled to center, Yelich scored, Mathis to second. Phelps struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Rusin grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon flied out to right. LeMahieu doubled to deep right. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Gordon struck out swinging. Prado tripled to deep center. Stanton struck out swinging. Baker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Phelps pitching for Marlins. González lined out to right. Rosario homered to center (457 feet). McKenry struck out looking. Descalso grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Ozuna doubled to left. Yelich grounded out to second, Ozuna to third. Mathis grounded out to third, Ozuna scored. Hechavarría grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Barnes grounded out to third. Rusin reached on bunt single to third. Blackmon singled to right center, Rusin to second. LeMahieu singled to center, Rusin scored, Blackmon to second. Arenado flied out to center. González homered to right center (427 feet), Blackmon and LeMahieu scored. Rienzo pitching for Marlins. Rosario homered to left (381 feet). McKenry struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Rienzo grounded out to third. Gordon struck out swinging. Prado walked. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Rienzo pitching for Marlins. Descalso singled to shallow left. Barnes popped out to shortstop. Rusin grounded out to second, Descalso to second. Blackmon walked. LeMahieu lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Baker singled to right. Ozuna lined out to left. Yelich walked, Baker to second. Mathis safe at first on error by shortstop Descalso, Baker to third, Yelich to second. Hechavarría lined out to shortstop. Solano hit for Rienzo. Solano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mathis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Morris pitching for Marlins. Arenado flied out to center. González singled to right center. Rosario struck out swinging. Flores pitching for Marlins. McKenry reached on infield single to second, González to third. Descalso popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Gordon grounded out to second. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Flores pitching for Marlins. Barnes grounded out to shortstop. Ynoa hit for Rusin. Ynoa singled to right center. Blackmon singled to left, Ynoa to second. LeMahieu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Blackmon out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Ynoa at third base. Baker grounded out to shortstop. Ozuna grounded out to third. Yelich reached on infield single to first. Mathis fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Paulsen hit for Kahnle. Flores pitching for Marlins. Paulsen lined out to left. González walked. Rosario popped out to second. McKenry flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Hechavarría tripled to deep center. Suzuki hit for Flores. Suzuki grounded out to second, Hechavarría scored. Gordon singled to left. Prado popped out to second. Stanton doubled to deep right, Gordon to third. Baker singled to left, Gordon and Stanton scored. Ozuna singled to right, Baker to second. Yelich grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Rockies 10.	Rosario homers twice in Rockies 10-5 win over Marlins