Diamondbacks - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Ahmed flied out to center. Pollock struck out swinging. Goldschmidt singled to center. Goldschmidt stole second. Tomás grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon struck out swinging. Ynoa grounded out to pitcher. Arenado popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Hill lined out to shortstop. Castillo struck out swinging. Owings singled to right. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Paulsen grounded out to shortstop. Rosario popped out to shortstop. McKenry grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. De La Rosa struck out swinging. Ahmed lined out to center. Pollock grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Descalso lined out to pitcher. Barnes struck out swinging. De La Rosa grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Tomás grounded out to third. Hill grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon singled to right. Ynoa grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blackmon out at second. Arenado flied out to center. Paulsen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Castillo walked. Owings grounded into double play, third to second to first, Castillo out at second. Peralta singled to right. De La Rosa singled to center, Peralta to second. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Rosario singled to center. McKenry struck out looking. Descalso walked, Rosario to second. Barnes singled to center, Rosario to third, Descalso to second. De La Rosa grounded into double play, first to catcher to first, Rosario out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Pollock walked. Goldschmidt walked, Pollock to second. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Tomás lined out to third. Hill flied out to center, Pollock to third. Castillo singled to left, Pollock scored, Goldschmidt to third. Owings fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon grounded out to first. Ynoa grounded out to shortstop. Arenado homered to left center (447 feet). Paulsen flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Peralta struck out swinging. De La Rosa struck out swinging. Ahmed doubled to left. Pollock doubled to left, Ahmed scored. Goldschmidt intentionally walked. Tomás grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Rosario reached on infield single to shortstop. McKenry struck out swinging. Descalso lined out to left. Barnes grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rosario out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Rockies. Hill struck out swinging. Castillo flied out to left. Owings flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki hit for Miller. Tulowitzki homered to right (400 feet). Blackmon walked. Blackmon stole second. Ynoa sacrificed to pitcher, Blackmon to third. Arenado intentionally walked. Paulsen grounded out to second, Blackmon scored, Arenado to third. Rosario singled to center, Arenado scored. Rosario stole second. McKenry walked. Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley hit for Descalso. Hundley walked, Rosario to third, McKenry to second. Barnes safe at second on error by third baseman Hill, Rosario and McKenry scored, Hundley to third. Tulowitzki intentionally walked. Blackmon struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Paulsen at first base. Logan pitching for Rockies. González in right field. Hundley catching. Barnes in left field. Tulowitzki at shortstop. Pennington hit for Peralta. Pennington walked. Saltalamacchia hit for Pérez. Saltalamacchia singled to center, Pennington to third. Axford pitching for Rockies. Dorn hit for Ahmed. Dorn grounded out to first, Pennington scored, Saltalamacchia to second. Pollock singled to right, Saltalamacchia to third. Pollock stole second. Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to left, Saltalamacchia scored. Tomás struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Rockies 6.	Rockies use 5-run 8th for 6-4 victory over Diamondbacks