Rockies - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon homered to right (398 feet). LeMahieu walked. Tulowitzki walked, LeMahieu to second. Arenado popped out to second. González struck out looking. Rosario doubled to deep left, LeMahieu and Tulowitzki scored. Hundley grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. Peralta doubled to deep center. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center, Peralta scored. Tomás struck out looking. Lamb tripled to deep right, Goldschmidt scored. Castillo lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Barnes grounded out to second. Kendrick struck out swinging. Blackmon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Owings struck out swinging. Pennington struck out swinging. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu lined out to right. Tulowitzki flied out to left. Arenado grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Pollock grounded out to pitcher. Peralta grounded out to first. Goldschmidt singled to center. Tomás grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. González popped out to third. Rosario struck out swinging. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Lamb popped out to third. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Owings singled to right center. Pennington singled to center, Owings to second. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Barnes flied out to right. Kendrick flied out to center. Blackmon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Pollock singled to left, Pollock out stretching at second. Peralta flied out to left. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu struck out looking. Tulowitzki singled to right. Arenado struck out swinging. González flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Tomás grounded out to third. Lamb singled to left. Castillo hit by pitch, Lamb to second. Owings struck out looking. Pennington singled to right, Lamb scored, Castillo to third. Hill hit for Anderson. Miller pitching for Rockies. Hill walked, Pennington to second. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hill out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks. Rosario struck out looking. Hundley grounded out to third. Barnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Stubbs in left field. Peralta grounded out to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Tomás struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Stubbs struck out swinging. Blackmon struck out looking. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Lamb walked. Castillo struck out swinging. Owings reached on infield single to third, Lamb to second. Pennington grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Owings out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki grounded out to second. Arenado grounded out to catcher. González grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Ahmed hit for Ziegler. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Ahmed walked. Pollock reached on bunt single to third, Ahmed to second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pollock out at second, Ahmed to third. Goldschmidt intentionally walked, Peralta to second. Descalso in right field. Tomás struck out swinging. Paulsen in left field. Stubbs in right field. Lamb grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 10th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Pennington at third base. Ahmed at shortstop. Rosario walked. Hundley reached on bunt single to catcher, Rosario to second. McKenry hit for Oberg. McKenry lined into double play, shortstop to second, Rosario doubled off second. Stubbs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th. Flande pitching for Rockies. Castillo doubled to deep right. Owings singled to left, Castillo to third. Pennington hit sacrifice fly to left, Castillo scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 3 - Diamondbacks 4.	Pennington's sac fly in 10th wins it for Diamondbacks, 4-3