Angels - Top 1st. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout homered to left (395 feet). Pujols popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Blackmon lined out to left. LeMahieu walked. LeMahieu picked off first. Tulowitzki reached on infield single to shortstop. González flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Aybar singled to center. Freese grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Aybar out at second. Iannetta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Arenado reached on infield single to third. Paulsen singled to left center, Arenado to second. Hundley popped out to shortstop. Barnes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Paulsen out at second, Arenado to third. Rusin grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Robertson grounded out to third. Shoemaker grounded out to pitcher. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Blackmon grounded out to second. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout grounded out to first. Pujols singled to right center. Aybar singled to left center, Pujols to second. Freese grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. González doubled to deep right. Arenado doubled to deep center, González to third. Paulsen singled to left center, González scored, Arenado to third. Hundley singled to right, Arenado scored, Paulsen to second. Barnes lined out to right, Paulsen to third. Rusin struck out bunting foul. Hundley stole second. Blackmon popped out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Iannetta flied out to center. Robertson grounded out to first. Shoemaker walked. Giavotella walked, Shoemaker to second. Calhoun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. LeMahieu grounded out to second. Tulowitzki lined out to right. González reached on infield single to shortstop, González to second on throwing error by shortstop Aybar. Arenado intentionally walked. Paulsen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Arenado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 6th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Trout homered to center (471 feet). Pujols lined out to center. Aybar grounded out to second. Freese grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Hundley doubled to deep left center. Barnes sacrificed to pitcher, Hundley to third. Rosario hit for Rusin. Rosario popped out to first. Ramos pitching for Angels. Blackmon lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Iannetta struck out looking. Robertson singled to left. Joyce hit for Ramos. Joyce flied out to center. Giavotella grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Gott pitching for Angels. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Tulowitzki struck out looking. González reached on infield single to third. Arenado singled to left center, González to second. Paulsen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arenado out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Logan pitching for Rockies. Calhoun struck out swinging. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Trout walked. Pujols lined into double play, left to first, Trout doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Angels. Hundley singled to center. Barnes grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Hundley out at second. Descalso hit for Kahnle. Descalso grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Barnes out at second. Blackmon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Axford pitching for Rockies. Aybar grounded out to second. Freese singled to right center. Featherston ran for Freese. Iannetta doubled to deep left, Featherston to third. Robertson intentionally walked. Navarro hit for Smith. Navarro struck out swinging. Giavotella singled to left, Featherston scored, Iannetta to third, Robertson to second. Calhoun grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Featherston at third base. Street pitching for Angels. LeMahieu singled to center. Tulowitzki lined out to left. LeMahieu to second on wild pitch by Street. González struck out swinging. Arenado intentionally walked. Paulsen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 3 - Rockies 2.	Trout hits 2 HRs, Giavotella lifts Angels over Rockies 3-2