Rangers - Top 1st. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. DeShields doubled to right. Odor grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, DeShields out at second, Odor to second. Fielder walked. Beltré lined out to right, Odor to third. Hamilton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Blackmon reached on infield single to first. LeMahieu grounded out to third, Blackmon to second. Tulowitzki fouled out to third. Arenado walked. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Andrus singled to center. Choo doubled to deep right, Andrus scored. Chirinos walked. Harrison sacrificed to third, Choo to third, Chirinos to second. DeShields singled to left, Choo and Chirinos scored. DeShields caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Odor doubled to deep right. Odor to third on wild pitch by Kendrick. Fielder struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Stubbs grounded out to third. Hundley singled to right. Barnes flied out to center. Kendrick lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Beltré lined out to left. Hamilton grounded out to second. Andrus lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Blackmon grounded out to first. LeMahieu grounded out to third. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Choo homered to right (430 feet). Chirinos grounded out to shortstop. Harrison struck out looking. DeShields singled to left. Odor hit ground rule double to deep left center, DeShields to third. Fielder flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Arenado doubled to deep right center. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Stubbs singled to left center, Arenado to third. Hundley grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Stubbs out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton reached on infield single to second. Andrus singled to right, Hamilton to third. Flande pitching for Rockies. Choo singled to right, Hamilton scored, Andrus to third. Chirinos struck out swinging. Choo stole second. Harrison safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Flande, Andrus scored, Choo to third. DeShields struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Barnes lined out to center. Flande bunt grounded out to pitcher. Blackmon singled to shallow right center. LeMahieu singled to center, Blackmon to third. Tulowitzki lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Flande pitching for Rockies. Odor lined out to center. Fielder homered to center (439 feet). Beltré grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Arenado singled to left. Rosario struck out looking. Stubbs grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Arenado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Flande pitching for Rockies. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Choo grounded out to shortstop. Chirinos reached on infield single to shortstop. Rua hit for Harrison. Rua grounded into fielder's choice to third, Chirinos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Patton pitching for Rangers. Hundley walked. Barnes singled to right, Hundley to second. Paulsen hit for Flande. Paulsen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Barnes out at second, Hundley to third. Blackmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. DeShields tripled to deep center. Odor hit sacrifice fly to left, DeShields scored. Fielder singled to left. Beltré walked, Fielder to second. Hamilton grounded out to catcher, Fielder to third, Beltré to second. Andrus grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. DeShields in left field. Kela pitching for Rangers. Martín in center field. LeMahieu safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Andrus. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, LeMahieu out at second. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 9th. Descalso at shortstop. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Choo tripled to deep center. Chirinos reached on infield single to shortstop, Choo scored. Martín popped out to third. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. DeShields struck out swinging. Odor popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Rosales at first base. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Rosario lined out to right. Stubbs grounded out to shortstop. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 9 - Rockies 0.	Choo hits for cycle as Rangers crush Rockies