Nationals - Top 1st. Hale pitching for Rockies. Werth flied out to right. Espinosa struck out swinging. Harper walked. Escobar homered to right (387 feet), Harper scored. Desmond flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Reyes reached on infield single to second. LeMahieu flied out to right. González homered to right (368 feet), Reyes scored. Arenado doubled to left. Paulsen grounded out to shortstop, Arenado to third. Hundley safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond, Arenado scored. Parker struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Hale pitching for Rockies. Zimmerman doubled to deep left center. Taylor lined out to right, Zimmerman to third. Ramos grounded out to third. Zimmermann grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Barnes flied out to center. Hale grounded out to pitcher. Reyes homered to right (388 feet). LeMahieu grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Hale pitching for Rockies. Werth flied out to right. Espinosa doubled to left center. Harper walked. Escobar singled to center, Espinosa scored, Harper to third. Desmond reached on infield single to catcher, Harper scored, Escobar to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Taylor struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. González struck out looking. Arenado struck out swinging. Paulsen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Hale pitching for Rockies. Ramos lined out to right. Zimmermann grounded out to third. Werth singled to right. Espinosa doubled to deep right, Werth scored. Harper struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Hundley flied out to center. Parker walked. Barnes grounded out to shortstop, Parker to second. Hale grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Hale pitching for Rockies. Escobar grounded out to second. Desmond singled to right. Desmond to second on wild pitch by Hale. Zimmerman walked. Taylor flied out to right, Desmond to third. Desmond scored, Zimmerman to second on wild pitch by Hale. Ramos grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Reyes singled to left, Reyes out stretching at second. LeMahieu singled to right, LeMahieu to second on throwing error by right fielder Harper. González struck out swinging. Arenado doubled to deep right center, LeMahieu scored. Paulsen hit by pitch. Hundley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 6th. Blackmon in center field. Barnes in right field. Germen pitching for Rockies. Zimmermann grounded out to third. Werth struck out swinging. Espinosa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Parker homered to left (407 feet). Barnes grounded out to shortstop. McBride hit for Germen. McBride singled to right. Reyes flied out to center. LeMahieu grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Rockies. Harper popped out to shortstop. Escobar walked. Desmond struck out looking. Zimmerman walked, Escobar to second. Taylor singled to left, Escobar scored, Zimmerman to second. Ramos grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Rivero pitching for Nationals. Blackmon lined out to center. Janssen pitching for Nationals. Arenado singled to left. Paulsen lined out to right. Hundley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Robinson hit for Janssen. Robinson walked. Werth doubled to left, Robinson to third. Espinosa hit sacrifice fly to center, Robinson scored, Werth to third. Harper intentionally walked. Werth scored, Harper to second on wild pitch by Kahnle. Escobar walked. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Descalso at first base. Harper to third, Escobar to second on balk by Oberg. Desmond grounded out to second, Harper scored, Escobar to third. Zimmerman singled to center, Escobar scored. Taylor singled to center, Zimmerman to second. Ramos grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Parker singled to right. Barnes flied out to left. Descalso struck out swinging. Reyes doubled to right, Parker to third. LeMahieu fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Moore hit for Storen. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Moore flied out to right. Werth walked. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Espinosa singled to right center, Werth to second. Harper walked, Werth to third, Espinosa to second. Escobar singled to left, Werth scored, Espinosa to third, Harper to second. Desmond doubled to deep right center, Espinosa and Harper scored, Escobar to third. Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to right, Escobar scored, Desmond to third. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Moore at first base. Blackmon doubled to deep center. Arenado struck out swinging. McKenry hit for Friedrich. McKenry grounded out to shortstop. Hundley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 15 - Rockies 6.	Nationals end six-game skid with 15-6 victory over Rockies