Dodgers - Top 1st. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Crawford walked. Seager flied out to left. Crawford caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Utley grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon singled to right center. LeMahieu reached on bunt single to first, Blackmon to second. González reached on infield single to second, Blackmon to third, LeMahieu to second. Arenado homered to center (430 feet), Blackmon, LeMahieu and González scored. Dickerson singled to center. Morneau reached on infield single to second, Dickerson to second. Adames grounded into fielder's choice to first, Morneau out at second, Dickerson to third. Garneau grounded into double play, third to second to first, Adames out at second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Turner walked. Ethier homered to right center (419 feet), Turner scored. Grandal walked. Ellis struck out swinging. Pederson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Grandal out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Kendrick grounded out to second. Blackmon tripled to deep right. LeMahieu singled to center, Blackmon scored. González grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, LeMahieu out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Anderson struck out swinging. Crawford lined out to left. Seager lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Arenado grounded out to second. Dickerson doubled to left. Morneau doubled to deep left, Dickerson scored. Adames intentionally walked. Garneau grounded out to shortstop, Morneau to third, Adames to second. Kendrick grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Utley bunt grounded out to pitcher. Turner singled to left. Ethier grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Turner out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon grounded out to second. LeMahieu struck out looking. González grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Grandal flied out to center. Ellis doubled to deep center. Pederson popped out to shortstop. Guerrero hit for Anderson. Guerrero singled to right center, Ellis scored. Crawford flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. Arenado flied out to center. Dickerson struck out swinging. Morneau singled to center. Adames grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morneau out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Seager tripled to deep left center. Utley singled to left center, Seager scored. Turner doubled to deep left center, Utley scored. Brown pitching for Rockies. Ethier doubled to deep right, Turner scored. Grandal flied out to left. Ellis grounded out to shortstop, Ethier to third. Pederson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. Garneau singled to left. Parker hit for Brown. Parker grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Garneau out at second. Blackmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Rollins hit for Liberatore. Rollins flied out to right. Crawford singled to shallow left. Seager grounded out to second, Crawford to second. Utley lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Báez pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu struck out swinging. González doubled to left. Arenado struck out swinging. Avilán pitching for Dodgers. Dickerson lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Germen pitching for Rockies. Turner lined out to center. Ethier lined out to right. Grandal lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Avilan pitching for Dodgers. Morneau singled to center. Paulsen ran for Morneau. Adames sacrificed to catcher, Paulsen to second. Garneau safe at first on error by shortstop Seager. Rosario hit for Germen. García pitching for Dodgers. Van Slyke at first base. Rosario struck out swinging. Blackmon popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 9th. Paulsen at first base. Miller pitching for Rockies. Ellis lined out to center. Pederson struck out swinging. Van Slyke struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Garcia pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu singled to center. González homered to center (427 feet), LeMahieu scored. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Rockies 8.	Carlos Gonzalez HR in 9th lifts Rockies over Dodgers 8-6