Dodgers - Top 1st. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Ruggiano lined out to right. Rollins doubled to left. Kendrick grounded out to second, Rollins to third. Van Slyke struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon flied out to left. LeMahieu grounded out to second. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Guerrero singled to deep left. Guerrero stole second. Heisey flied out to center, Guerrero to third. Pederson intentionally walked. Wood safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Arenado, Guerrero scored, Pederson advanced to second on Arenado throwing error, Pederson out at third in rundown. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. González grounded out to shortstop. Rosario grounded out to second. Dickerson doubled to center. Ynoa hit for Adames. Ynoa doubled to right, Dickerson scored. Murphy intentionally walked. Rusin grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Ynoa at shortstop. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Ruggiano walked. Rollins singled to center, Ruggiano to second. Kendrick singled to center, Ruggiano to third, Rollins to second. Van Slyke reached on infield single to pitcher, Ruggiano scored, Rollins to third, Kendrick to second. Ellis grounded out to third, Rollins scored, Kendrick to third, Van Slyke to second. Guerrero grounded out to second, Kendrick scored, Van Slyke to third. Heisey walked. Pederson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon flied out to right. LeMahieu singled to right. Arenado walked, LeMahieu to second. González popped out to catcher. Rosario singled to left, LeMahieu scored, Arenado to second. Dickerson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Wood doubled to deep right. Ruggiano grounded out to shortstop. Rollins grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Ynoa singled to left. Murphy flied out to center. Rusin singled to center, Ynoa to second. Blackmon reached on bunt single to pitcher, Ynoa to third, Rusin to second. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ynoa scored, Blackmon out at second, Rusin to third. Arenado homered to left (439 feet), Rusin and LeMahieu scored. González grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Van Slyke grounded out to third. Ellis struck out looking. Guerrero reached on infield single to shortstop. Heisey fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Rosario singled to right. Dickerson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rosario out at second. Ynoa grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Pederson grounded out to pitcher. Wood singled to center. Germen pitching for Rockies. Paulsen at first base. Ethier hit for Ruggiano. Ethier singled to right, Wood to third. Rollins flied out to left. Kendrick reached on infield single to second, Ethier to second. Utley hit for Van Slyke. Utley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Ethier in right field. Utley at first base. Heisey in left field. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Murphy singled to left. Paulsen singled to right center, Murphy to second. Blackmon sacrificed to first, Murphy to third, Paulsen to second. Báez pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Murphy scored, Paulsen to third. Arenado hit sacrifice fly to left, Paulsen scored. Howell pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu to second on balk by Howell. González singled to right center, LeMahieu scored. Morneau hit for Germen. Morneau grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Seager hit for Guerrero. Seager struck out looking. Crawford hit for Heisey. Crawford singled to right. Logan pitching for Rockies. Pederson singled to right, Crawford to second. Turner hit for Howell. Turner lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Seager at third base. Crawford in left field. Thomas pitching for Dodgers. Dickerson struck out swinging. Ynoa grounded out to shortstop. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Díaz pitching for Rockies. Ethier grounded out to shortstop. Rollins grounded out to pitcher. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Thomas pitching for Dodgers. Paulsen walked. Blackmon walked, Paulsen to second. Johnson pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu struck out looking. Arenado singled to left, Paulsen scored, Blackmon to second. González reached on infield single to pitcher, Blackmon to third, Arenado to second. Parker hit for Díaz. Parker singled to shallow center, Blackmon and Arenado scored, González to second. Dickerson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Parker out at second, González to third. Ynoa struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Gurka pitching for Rockies. Utley doubled to deep right. Ellis struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. Crawford hit ground rule double to deep left, Utley scored. Pederson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 5 - Rockies 12.	Arenado helps Rockies to 12-5 win over Dodgers