Indians - Top 1st . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Damon grounded out to shortstop . Kipnis popped out to shortstop . Cabrera walked . Hafner singled to center , Cabrera to second . Santana singled to right , Cabrera scored , Hafner to third . Choo hit by pitch , Santana to second . Brantley grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Sweeney struck out swinging . Pedroia reached on infield single to third . Ortiz walked , Pedroia to second . Pedroia to third , Ortiz to second on wild pitch by Jimenez . Gonzalez hit by pitch . Middlebrooks doubled to left , Pedroia and Ortiz scored , Gonzalez to third . Nava struck out swinging . Ross walked . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Kotchman grounded out to second . Hannahan doubled to left . Damon popped out to second . Kipnis singled to left , Hannahan thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Punto singled to center . Sweeney singled to left , Punto to second . Pedroia doubled to deep right , Punto and Sweeney scored . Ortiz flied out to left , Pedroia to third . Gonzalez walked . Middlebrooks grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera grounded out to second . Hafner flied out to center . Santana walked . Choo doubled to left , Santana to third . Brantley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Nava doubled to left . Ross walked . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . Punto struck out swinging . Sweeney grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Kotchman grounded out to pitcher . Hannahan grounded out to shortstop . Damon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Pedroia popped out to third . Ortiz grounded out to first . Gonzalez hit ground rule double to left , on fan interference . Middlebrooks grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Kipnis grounded out to first . Cabrera lined out to second . Hafner singled to center . Santana grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Nava walked . Ross doubled to left , Nava scored . Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop , Ross to third . Punto grounded into fielder 's choice to first . Sweeney singled to right , Ross scored , Punto to third . Wheeler pitching for Indians . Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to center , Punto scored . Ortiz reached on infield single to shortstop , Sweeney to second . Gonzalez walked , Sweeney to third , Ortiz to second . Middlebrooks grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Choo flied out to left . Brantley flied out to center . Kotchman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Wheeler pitching for Indians . Nava flied out to center . Ross grounded out to second . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Hannahan grounded out to first . Damon singled to center . Kipnis singled to shallow left , Damon to second . Cabrera walked , Damon to third , Kipnis to second . Hill pitching for Red Sox . Hafner walked , Damon scored , Kipnis to third , Cabrera to second . Santana safe at first on error by third baseman Middlebrooks , Kipnis scored , Cabrera to third , Hafner to second . Miller pitching for Red Sox . Choo flied out to left . Brantley singled to center , Cabrera scored , Hafner to third , Santana to second . Kotchman grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Punto struck out looking . Sweeney flied out to left . Pedroia singled to center . McDonald hit for Ortiz . McDonald struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Aviles at shortstop . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Hannahan singled to right center . Damon grounded out to first , Hannahan to second . Kipnis walked . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera grounded out to first , Hannahan to third , Kipnis to second . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera grounded out to first , Hannahan to third , Kipnis to second . Hafner flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Gonzalez doubled to deep center . Middlebrooks walked . Gonzalez picked off second . Nava walked , Middlebrooks to second . Ross flied out to center . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Santana walked . Santana to second on fielder 's indifference . Choo lined out to second . Brantley singled to center , Santana scored . Kotchman singled to center , Brantley to third . Donald ran for Kotchman . Hannahan struck out swinging , Donald stole second . Damon flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 5 - Red Sox 7 .	Red Sox hang on for 2nd win in May    \n\n