Red Sox - Top 1st . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Aviles popped out to second . Pedroia struck out swinging . Ortiz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Avery popped out to shortstop . Hardy struck out swinging . Markakis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez bunt grounded out to pitcher . Middlebrooks grounded out to shortstop . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Jones grounded out to second . Wieters grounded out to third . Davis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Nava singled to center . Byrd hit ground rule double to deep right , Nava to third . Lin grounded out to third . Aviles singled to center , Nava scored , Byrd to third . Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to right , Byrd scored . Ortiz struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Betemit singled to right . Johnson walked , Betemit to second . Andino reached on bunt single to third , Betemit to third , Johnson to second . Avery walked , Betemit scored , Johnson to third , Andino to second . Hardy reached on infield single to shortstop , Johnson scored , Andino to third , Avery to second . Markakis walked , Andino scored , Avery to third , Hardy to second . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Avery scored , Markakis out at second , Hardy to third . Wieters grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez flied out to left . Middlebrooks singled to center . Middlebrooks caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Saltalamacchia singled to left . Nava singled to center , Saltalamacchia to second . Byrd grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Davis homered to center ( 409 feet ) . Betemit struck out swinging . Johnson singled to center . Andino grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Lin grounded out to shortstop . Aviles flied out to right . Pedroia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Avery grounded out to pitcher . Hardy flied out to left . Markakis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Ortiz homered to right ( 442 feet ) . Gonzalez doubled to left . Middlebrooks reached on infield single to shortstop . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first , Gonzalez to third , Middlebrooks to second . Nava hit sacrifice fly to center , Gonzalez scored , Middlebrooks to third . Middlebrooks scored on Hunter 's balk . Byrd flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Jones flied out to center . Wieters walked . Davis singled to right , Wieters to second . Miller pitching for Red Sox . Betemit grounded out to first , Wieters to third , Davis to second . Johnson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Gregg pitching for Orioles . Lin struck out swinging . Aviles singled to left . Pedroia doubled to deep right , Aviles to third . Ortiz intentionally walked . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to left , Aviles scored . Middlebrooks singled to center , Pedroia scored , Ortiz to second . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Miller pitching for Red Sox . Andino flied out to right . Avery struck out swinging . Hardy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Nava struck out swinging . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . Lin singled to left . Aviles struck out swinging , Aviles safe at first on wild pitch by Patton , Lin to second . Pedroia singled to left , Lin scored , Aviles to second . Ortiz grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Hill pitching for Red Sox . Markakis singled to left center . Jones singled to right , Markakis to third . Wieters singled to left , Markakis scored , Jones to second . Davis grounded out to pitcher , Jones to third , Wieters to second . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Betemit flied out to left . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Middlebrooks flied out to center . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Andino grounded out to third . Avery grounded out to catcher . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 8 - Orioles 6 .	Ortiz , Red Sox rally past Orioles to reach .500