Red Sox - Top 1st . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Podsednik flied out to left . Nava grounded out to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Johnson reached first base on catcher 's interference . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Johnson batting . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson safe at second on error by shortstop Aviles . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnacion grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz homered to left center . ( 372 feet ) . Saltalamacchia flied out to center . Middlebrooks grounded out to second . Sweeney singled to right . Aviles grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Rasmus hit by pitch . Lawrie popped out to second . Arencibia lined out to center . Cooper flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Punto flied out to center . Podsednik flied out to left . Nava doubled to deep right center . Gonzalez singled to shallow left , Nava scored , Gonzalez to second advancing on throw . Ortiz grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Davis popped out to second . Johnson grounded out to first . Escobar homered to left center . ( 402 feet ) . Bautista struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . Middlebrooks grounded out to third . Sweeney grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Encarnacion popped out to second . Rasmus singled to shallow right . Lawrie grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rasmus out at second . Arencibia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Aviles reached on infield single to first . Punto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Aviles out at second . Podsednik grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Cooper doubled to deep left center . Davis walked . Johnson struck out swinging . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Nava singled to shallow right . Gonzalez doubled to left , Nava to third . Ortiz walked . Saltalamacchia grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Nava scored , Ortiz out at second , Gonzalez to third . Middlebrooks grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Saltalamacchia out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Bautista struck out looking . Encarnacion struck out looking . Rasmus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Sweeney hit ground rule double to deep right center . Aviles struck out swinging . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Punto grounded out to third , Sweeney to third . Podsednik reached on infield single to second , Sweeney scored . Nava doubled to right center , Podsednik scored . Gonzalez singled to center , Nava scored , Gonzalez to second advancing on throw . Ortiz singled to deep right , Gonzalez scored , Ortiz thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Lawrie flied out to right . Arencibia flied out to center . Cooper homered to left . ( 388 feet ) . Davis walked . Davis stole second . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Coello pitching for Blue Jays . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . Middlebrooks singled to right center . Sweeney flied out to left . Aviles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Bautista singled to center . Encarnacion singled to shallow left , Bautista to second . Rasmus popped out to third . Lawrie flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Coello pitching for Blue Jays . Punto singled to right , Punto out stretching at second . Podsednik struck out swinging . Nava hit ground rule double to left . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Arencibia flied out to right . Cooper flied out to left . Davis reached on infield single to shortstop . Davis stole second . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 7 - Blue Jays 2 .	Buchholz wins sixth straight start in Toronto    \n\n