Blue Jays - Top 1st . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Lawrie singled to right . Lawrie stole second . Rasmus homered to right ( 353 feet ) , Lawrie scored . Bautista safe at first on error by third baseman Middlebrooks . Encarnacion doubled to deep center , Bautista scored . Johnson flied out to left . Escobar singled to right , Encarnacion to third . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Encarnacion scored , Escobar out at second . Davis caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Francisco batting . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Nava grounded out to second . Pedroia tripled to deep right . Ortiz homered to right center ( 424 feet ) , Pedroia scored . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Francisco doubled to deep center . Arencibia grounded out to third . Lawrie reached on infield single to third , Francisco to third . Rasmus singled to center , Francisco scored , Lawrie to third . Bautista grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rasmus out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Middlebrooks grounded out to third . Ross flied out to center . Kalish grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Encarnacion singled to center . Encarnacion caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Johnson grounded out to first . Escobar singled to left center . Davis lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Punto grounded out to shortstop . Nava struck out swinging . Pedroia singled to center . Pedroia stole second . Pedroia safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Ortiz walked . Saltalamacchia safe at first on error by second baseman Johnson , Pedroia scored , Ortiz to second . Gonzalez singled to right , Ortiz scored , Saltalamacchia to third . Middlebrooks flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Francisco grounded out to pitcher . Arencibia grounded out to shortstop . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Ross doubled to left . Kalish singled to center , Ross scored . Punto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kalish out at second . Nava lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Rasmus grounded out to first . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnacion walked . Johnson lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Pedroia flied out to right . Ortiz grounded out to second . Saltalamacchia grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Davis struck out looking . Francisco doubled to deep center . Arencibia homered to left ( 378 feet ) , Francisco scored . Lawrie flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez popped out to third . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Middlebrooks grounded out to third . Ross flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Albers pitching for Red Sox . Rasmus reached on infield single to second . Bautista homered to left ( 389 feet ) , Rasmus scored . Encarnacion grounded out to second . Johnson walked . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Johnson out at second . Escobar stole second . Davis grounded out to second . Mortensen pitching for Red Sox . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Cordero pitching for Blue Jays . Kalish singled to right . Kalish stole second . Punto flied out to left . Nava grounded out to first , Kalish to third . Pedroia lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Lind hit for Francisco . Mortensen pitching for Red Sox . Lind flied out to center . Arencibia struck out swinging . Lawrie grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz homered to center ( 425 feet ) . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Gonzalez lined out to left . Middlebrooks doubled to deep center . Ross struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Lillibridge in right field . Mortensen pitching for Red Sox . Rasmus grounded out to first . Bautista grounded out to pitcher . Encarnacion grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Kalish struck out swinging . Punto struck out swinging . Nava struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 9 - Red Sox 6 .	Jays belt three 2 - run HRs to down Red Sox    \n\n