Yankees - Top 1st . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Jeter singled to center . Granderson singled to right , Jeter to second . Rodriguez hit by pitch , Jeter to third , Granderson to second . Cano walked , Jeter scored , Granderson to third , Rodriguez to second . Teixeira singled to center , Granderson and Rodriguez scored , Cano to third . Swisher hit sacrifice fly to right , Cano scored . Ibanez singled to right , Teixeira to third . Chavez hit sacrifice fly to center , Teixeira scored . Martin grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . Nava doubled to left center . Nava to third on wild pitch by Kuroda . Kalish hit sacrifice fly to right , Nava scored . Ortiz singled to left . Ross safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Chavez , Ortiz to second . Gonzalez doubled to center , Ortiz scored , Ross to third . Saltalamacchia homered to right ( 394 feet ) , Ross and Gonzalez scored . Gomez grounded out to third . Aviles singled to center . Punto flied out to left . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 2nd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Jeter flied out to right . Granderson tripled to deep right center . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop , Granderson scored . Cano hit ground rule double to deep right . Teixeira struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . Nava hit by pitch . Kalish singled to left , Nava to second . Ortiz singled to left , Nava scored , Kalish to third , Ortiz out stretching at second . Ross flied out to left . Gonzalez lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Swisher struck out swinging . Ibanez struck out looking . Chavez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop . Gomez struck out swinging . Aviles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Martin popped out to shortstop . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop . Granderson lined into double play , shortstop to first , Jeter doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . Punto doubled to deep center . Nava grounded out to first , Punto to third . Kalish lined out to second . Ortiz intentionally walked . Ross fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez singled to center . Cano struck out swinging , Rodriguez stole second . Teixeira walked . Rodriguez stole third , Teixeira stole second . Swisher grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rodriguez out at home , Teixeira to third . Ibanez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . Gonzalez singled to center . Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Kuroda . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Gomez singled to left , Gonzalez scored . Aviles popped out to second . Punto grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Albers pitching for Red Sox . Chavez singled to left , Chavez out stretching at second . Martin walked . Jeter grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Martin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . Nava flied out to left . Kalish flied out to right . Logan pitching for Yankees . Ortiz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Miller pitching for Red Sox . Granderson walked . Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop , Granderson to second . Cano struck out looking . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Teixeira tripled to deep center , Granderson and Rodriguez scored . Swisher struck out looking . Ibanez doubled to deep right , Teixeira scored . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Chavez singled to left , Ibanez scored . Martin struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Logan pitching for Yankees . Ross homered to left ( 404 feet ) . Gonzalez singled to deep center . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Eppley pitching for Yankees . Gomez singled to right center , Gonzalez to second . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at third , Gomez to second . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Punto struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Melancon pitching for Red Sox . Jeter grounded out to first . Granderson flied out to left . Rodriguez singled to left . Cano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Nava flied out to left . Kalish struck out looking . Ortiz singled to left center . Ross walked , Ortiz to second . Soriano pitching for Yankees . Lillibridge ran for Ross . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Lillibridge in right field . Melancon pitching for Red Sox . Teixeira grounded out to second . Swisher struck out swinging . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Wise in right field . McDonald in left field . Soriano pitching for Yankees . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Gomez flied out to center . Aviles struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 10 - Red Sox 8 .	Yanks outlast Boston in opener