Blue Jays - Top 1st . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Lawrie homered to left ( 381 feet ) . Escobar walked . Rasmus reached on bunt single to third , Escobar to second . Encarnacion hit ground rule double to deep right , Escobar scored , Rasmus to third . Arencibia grounded out to second , Rasmus scored , Encarnacion to third . Davis doubled to shallow left , Encarnacion scored . Snider struck out swinging , Snider safe at first on wild pitch by Lester , Davis to third . Mathis sacrificed to catcher , Davis scored , Snider to second . Vizquel flied out to right . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury reached on infield single to shortstop . Nava grounded out to third , Ellsbury to second . Pedroia singled to left , Ellsbury to third . Gonzalez homered to right ( 444 feet ) , Ellsbury and Pedroia scored . Ross grounded out to pitcher . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Lawrie walked . Escobar sacrificed to third , Lawrie to second . Rasmus flied out to left . Encarnacion walked . Arencibia homered to center ( 410 feet ) , Lawrie and Encarnacion scored . Davis homered to left ( 395 feet ) . Snider struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Sweeney flied out to left . Aviles flied out to left . Punto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Mathis singled to center . Vizquel popped out to shortstop . Lawrie grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mathis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Nava grounded out to second . Pedroia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Escobar singled to left . Rasmus lined out to center . Encarnacion walked , Escobar to second . Arencibia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Encarnacion out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez singled to center . Ross popped out to shortstop . Saltalamacchia singled to left center , Gonzalez to third . Sweeney walked , Saltalamacchia to second . Aviles hit sacrifice fly to right , Gonzalez scored , Saltalamacchia to third . Punto grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Davis walked . Snider homered to center ( 407 feet ) , Davis scored . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Mathis flied out to left . Vizquel singled to shallow right . Lawrie grounded into double play , third to second to first , Vizquel out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury homered to center ( 422 feet ) . Nava grounded out to third . Pedroia fouled out to catcher . Gonzalez flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Escobar struck out looking . Rasmus grounded out to first . Encarnacion struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Ross flied out to left . Saltalamacchia popped out to shortstop . Sweeney doubled to deep right center . Aviles doubled to center , Sweeney scored . Beck pitching for Blue Jays . Punto singled to left center , Aviles scored . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Arencibia struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . Snider singled to center . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Nava struck out swinging . Pedroia grounded out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Melancon pitching for Red Sox . Vizquel reached on infield single to shortstop . Lawrie singled to left , Vizquel to second . Escobar reached on bunt single to pitcher , Vizquel to third , Lawrie to second . Rasmus singled to center , Vizquel and Lawrie scored , Escobar to second , Escobar to third advancing on throw . Encarnacion hit sacrifice fly to right , Escobar scored . Lind hit for Arencibia . Lind singled to center , Rasmus to second . Albers pitching for Red Sox . Davis singled to left , Rasmus to third , Lind to second . Snider hit sacrifice fly to left , Rasmus scored . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Ross flied out to center . Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop . Ciriaco hit for Sweeney . Ciriaco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Ciriaco in right field . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Vizquel grounded out to second . Lawrie popped out to shortstop . Escobar singled to left . Rasmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Carpenter pitching for Blue Jays . Aviles flied out to right . Punto struck out swinging . Ellsbury lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 15 - Red Sox 7 .	Jays ' early back - to - back homers rock Red Sox