Red Sox - Top 1st . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Crawford doubled to deep right . Pedroia flied out to left . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Markakis singled to left . Hardy singled to right , Markakis to second . McLouth grounded out to second , Markakis to third , Hardy to second . Jones doubled to right , Markakis and Hardy scored . Wieters grounded out to first , Jones to third . Davis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Ross grounded out to shortstop . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Punto walked . Punto to second on wild pitch by Tillman . Ciriaco reached on infield single to shortstop , Punto to third . Podsednik singled to center , Punto scored , Ciriaco to third . Ellsbury flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Reynolds homered to center ( 403 feet ) . Machado doubled to deep left . Quintanilla walked . Markakis bunted into double play , catcher to third to first , Machado out at third , Quintanilla to second . Hardy singled to right , Quintanilla thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Crawford flied out to left . Pedroia flied out to right . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . McLouth struck out swinging . Jones hit by pitch . Wieters grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Ross doubled to deep right . Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop , Ross to third . Punto struck out swinging . Ciriaco walked . Ciriaco stole second . Podsednik struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Davis grounded out to first . Reynolds singled to center . Machado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury flied out to left . Crawford singled to center . Pedroia doubled to deep right center , Crawford to third . Crawford scored , Pedroia to third on wild pitch by Tillman . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center , Pedroia scored . Gregg pitching for Orioles . Ross singled to left . Saltalamacchia walked , Ross to second . Punto grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Quintanilla flied out to center . Markakis grounded out to first . Hardy walked . McLouth grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Ayala pitching for Orioles . Ciriaco struck out swinging . Podsednik doubled to left . Ellsbury walked . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ellsbury out at second , Podsednik to third . Crawford stole second . Pedroia reached on infield single to third , Podsednik scored , Crawford to third . Gonzalez singled to right , Crawford scored , Pedroia to second . Ross singled to left , Pedroia scored , Gonzalez to second , Gonzalez thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Jones struck out looking . Wieters struck out looking . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Lindstrom pitching for Orioles . Saltalamacchia singled to deep right . Punto struck out swinging . Ciriaco popped out to shortstop . Podsednik flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Reynolds flied out to right . Machado walked . Quintanilla struck out swinging . Markakis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Crawford lined out to right . Pedroia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Hardy flied out to left . McLouth doubled to deep right . Jones popped out to second . Wieters struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez hit ground rule double to deep left . Ross struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Punto flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Davis struck out swinging . Reynolds struck out swinging . Machado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 6 - Orioles 3 .	Buchholz , Red Sox dodge sweep by Orioles