Royals - Top 1st . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Cain reached on infield single to third . Escobar lined out to right . Gordon struck out swinging . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Chen pitching for Royals . Ciriaco singled to center . Ellsbury reached on infield single to third , Ciriaco to second . Pedroia grounded out to pitcher , Ciriaco to third , Ellsbury to second . Ortiz singled to center , Ciriaco and Ellsbury scored . Ross grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ortiz out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Francoeur flied out to center . Moustakas grounded out to first . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Chen pitching for Royals . Lavarnway singled to center . Gomez struck out looking . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lavarnway out at second , Aviles to second on throwing error by second baseman Giavotella . Podsednik singled to shallow left , Aviles to third . Ciriaco popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 3rd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Hosmer homered to left ( 378 feet ) . Giavotella safe at first on error by shortstop Aviles . Cain grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Giavotella out at second . Escobar walked . Gordon doubled to left , Escobar scored . Butler grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Chen pitching for Royals . Ellsbury singled to left . Ellsbury caught stealing second , catcher to second . Pedroia struck out swinging . Ortiz doubled to deep right center . Ross flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Francoeur struck out swinging . Moustakas walked . Pena singled to right , Moustakas to second . Hosmer walked , Moustakas to third , Pena to second . Giavotella reached on infield single to first , Moustakas scored , Pena to third , Hosmer to second . Cain struck out swinging . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Giavotella out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Chen pitching for Royals . Lavarnway struck out swinging . Gomez grounded out to pitcher . Aviles flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Gordon singled to right . Butler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gordon out at second . Francoeur grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Chen pitching for Royals . Podsednik struck out swinging . Ciriaco grounded out to pitcher . Ellsbury grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Moustakas fouled out to third . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Hosmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Chen pitching for Royals . Pedroia doubled to deep right . Ortiz struck out looking . Ross flied out to left . Lavarnway fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Giavotella grounded out to first . Cain grounded out to second . Escobar walked . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Chen pitching for Royals . Gomez walked . Herrera pitching for Royals . Aviles singled to right , Gomez to second . Podsednik sacrificed to first , Gomez to third , Aviles to second . Ciriaco doubled to left , Gomez and Aviles scored . Collins pitching for Royals . Ciriaco stole third . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Pedroia intentionally walked . Pedroia stole second . Ortiz struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Butler reached on infield single to shortstop . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Dyson ran for Butler . Dyson stole second . Francoeur struck out swinging . Miller pitching for Red Sox . Moustakas popped out to shortstop . Bailey pitching for Red Sox . Pena flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Crow pitching for Royals . Ross lined out to center . Lavarnway grounded out to shortstop . Gomez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Bailey pitching for Red Sox . Hosmer grounded out to second . Giavotella flied out to center . Cain flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 3 - Red Sox 4 .	Ciriaco 's clutch double lifts Red Sox by Royals