Blue Jays - Top 1st . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Pearce grounded out to third . Hernández lined out to shortstop . Solarte flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner grounded out to second . Judge grounded out to shortstop . Gregorius walked . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gregorius out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Morales struck out swinging . Pillar flied out to right . Maile grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Hicks grounded out to first . Walker grounded out to second . Andújar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Díaz reached on infield single to shortstop . Grichuk walked , Díaz to second . Gurriel grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Grichuk out at second , Díaz to third . Pearce walked , Gurriel to second . Hernández struck out swinging . Solarte popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Romine struck out looking . Torreyes grounded out to shortstop . Gardner walked . Judge homered to left ( 443 feet ) , Gardner scored . Gregorius flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Morales singled to center . Pillar struck out swinging . Maile popped out to second . Díaz lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Stanton struck out swinging . Hicks flied out to center . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Grichuk walked . Gurriel singled to left , Grichuk to third , Gurriel to second advancing on throw . Pearce singled to left , Grichuk scored , Gurriel to third . Hernández struck out swinging . Solarte flied out to right . Morales grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pearce out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Andújar singled to right . Romine grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Andújar out at second . Torreyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . Maile struck out swinging . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner singled to left . Gardner to second on wild pitch by Stroman . Judge walked . Gregorius singled to shallow right , Gardner scored , Judge to third . Gregorius to second on wild pitch by Stroman . Stanton walked . Hicks grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Judge scored on error by catcher Maile , Gregorius to third , Stanton to second . Walker struck out looking . Andújar doubled to deep left center , Gregorius , Stanton and Hicks scored . Axford pitching for Blue Jays . Romine walked . Torreyes singled to right , Andújar to third , Romine to second . Gardner hit sacrifice fly to center , Andújar scored . Judge singled to left , Romine scored , Torreyes to third . Gregorius struck out looking . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Shreve pitching for Yankees . Grichuk struck out swinging . Gurriel struck out swinging . Pearce lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Clippard pitching for Blue Jays . Stanton struck out swinging . Hicks walked . Walker singled to center , Hicks to second . Andújar struck out swinging . Romine walked , Hicks to third , Walker to second . Torreyes lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Holder pitching for Yankees . Hernández flied out to center . Solarte struck out swinging . Morales flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner struck out swinging . Judge grounded out to shortstop . Gregorius singled to right . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gregorius out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Holder pitching for Yankees . Pillar struck out swinging . Maile flied out to center . Díaz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 1 - Yankees 9 .	Judge homers , Yankees use 7 - run 6th to beat Blue Jays 9 - 1