Tigers - Top 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Martín grounded out to first . Candelario struck out swinging . Castellanos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Liriano pitching for Tigers . Grichuk popped out to first . Hernández singled to right center . Solarte grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hernández out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Martínez singled to center . Hicks struck out swinging . McCann grounded into double play , third to second to first , Martínez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Liriano pitching for Tigers . Morales grounded out to second . Smoak flied out to center . Pillar walked . Martin walked , Pillar to second . Díaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Jones safe at first on error by third baseman Solarte . Iglesias singled to shallow right , Jones to third . Machado grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jones scored , Iglesias out at second . Martín grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Liriano pitching for Tigers . Travis lined out to first . Grichuk flied out to left . Hernández flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Candelario grounded out to first . Castellanos grounded out to shortstop . Martínez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Liriano pitching for Tigers . Solarte reached on infield single to shortstop . Morales singled to shallow right , Solarte thrown out at third . Smoak homered to left , Morales scored . Pillar singled to shallow right . Martin walked , Pillar to second . Díaz walked , Pillar to third , Martin to second . Travis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pillar out at home , Martin to third , Díaz to second . Grichuk reached on infield single to third , Martin scored , Díaz to third , Travis to second . Hernández struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Hicks grounded out to second . McCann struck out swinging . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Liriano pitching for Tigers . Solarte flied out to center . Morales struck out looking . Smoak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Iglesias grounded out to third . Machado popped out to first . Martín lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Liriano pitching for Tigers . Pillar flied out to left . Martin singled to shallow left . Díaz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Candelario homered to left . Castellanos lined out to center . Martínez singled to right . Hicks grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martínez out at second . McCann lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Travis popped out to second . Grichuk singled to center . Hernández walked , Grichuk to second . Solarte flied out to center . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Oh pitching for Blue Jays . Jones struck out swinging . Iglesias struck out swinging . Goodrum hit for Machado . Goodrum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Goodrum at second base . Coleman pitching for Tigers . Smoak walked . Pillar struck out looking . Martin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Smoak out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Clippard pitching for Blue Jays . Martín reached on infield single to second . Candelario struck out swinging . Castellanos struck out swinging . Martínez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 2 - Blue Jays 3 .	Stroman gets first win as Blue Jays beat Tigers 3 - 2