Blue Jays - Top 1st . Severino pitching for Yankees . McKinney struck out swinging . Travis popped out to second . Granderson singled to right center . Smoak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Reid - Foley pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner walked . Stanton struck out swinging . Hicks lined out to third . Gardner stole second . Gregorius homered to right ( 382 feet ) , Gardner scored . Andújar grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Severino pitching for Yankees . Pillar flied out to left . Hernández struck out swinging . Jansen doubled to deep left . Díaz fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Reid - Foley pitching for Blue Jays . Torres singled to left . Torres to second on wild pitch by Reid - Foley , Torres safe at third on throwing error by catcher Jansen . Bird struck out swinging . Walker walked . Romine hit sacrifice fly to center , Torres scored . Gardner popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Severino pitching for Yankees . Ureña struck out swinging . McKinney walked . McKinney picked off first . Travis lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Reid - Foley pitching for Blue Jays . Stanton singled to right . Hicks walked , Stanton to second . Gregorius struck out swinging . Andújar doubled to deep center , Stanton and Hicks scored . Torres safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Travis , Andújar to third . Bird grounded out to shortstop , Andújar scored , Torres to second . Torres to third on wild pitch by Reid - Foley . Walker struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Severino pitching for Yankees . Granderson walked . Smoak struck out looking . Pillar struck out swinging . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Reid - Foley pitching for Blue Jays . Romine struck out swinging . Gardner grounded out to second . Stanton homered to center ( 412 feet ) . Hicks struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Severino pitching for Yankees . Jansen flied out to right . Díaz singled to deep left center . Ureña singled to right , Díaz to second . McKinney struck out looking . Travis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Reid - Foley pitching for Blue Jays . Gregorius grounded out to second . Andújar homered to left ( 428 feet ) . Torres singled to left . Petricka pitching for Blue Jays . Bird grounded out to pitcher , Torres to second . Torres to third on wild pitch by Petricka . Walker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Higashioka catching . Severino pitching for Yankees . Granderson doubled to deep left , Granderson to third on error by left fielder Gardner . Smoak singled to right , Granderson scored . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . Pillar lined out to center . Hernández singled to left , Smoak to second . Jansen singled to left , Smoak scored , Hernández to second . Díaz struck out swinging . Ureña walked , Hernández to third , Jansen to second . Holder pitching for Yankees . McKinney singled to right , Hernández and Jansen scored , Ureña to second , Ureña scored , McKinney to second on error by right fielder Walker . McKinney out at third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Petricka pitching for Blue Jays . Higashioka flied out to right . Gardner struck out looking . Stanton popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Britton pitching for Yankees . Travis grounded out to shortstop . Morales hit for Granderson . Morales grounded out to second . Smoak reached on infield single to shortstop . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Smoak out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . García pitching for Blue Jays . Hicks flied out to left . Gregorius popped out to second . Andújar singled to left . Santos pitching for Blue Jays . Torres struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Betances pitching for Yankees . Hernández walked . Jansen struck out looking . Díaz struck out looking . Ureña fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Santos pitching for Blue Jays . Bird homered to right ( 378 feet ) . Walker singled to right . Robinson ran for Walker . Higashioka singled to left , Robinson to second . Gardner grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Higashioka out at second , Robinson to third . Stanton hit by pitch , Gardner to second . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Hicks walked , Robinson scored , Gardner to third , Stanton to second . Gregorius hit sacrifice fly to center , Gardner scored . Andújar lined out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Robinson in right field . Cole pitching for Yankees . McKinney singled to right . Travis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McKinney out at second . Morales singled to right , Travis to third . Smoak struck out swinging . Pillar doubled to deep center , Travis scored , Morales to third . Hernández struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - Yankees 11 .	Stanton homers as Yankees beat Blue Jays 11 - 6