Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Oliver pitching for Marlins . Kata homered to left center . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez lined out to right . Sexson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Castillo doubled to left . Pierre bunt popped out foul to catcher . Lowell walked . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to first to catcher to second to first to catcher to second , Castillo out at third , Castillo out at home , Lowell out at second , Cabrera to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Oliver pitching for Marlins . Finley doubled to left center . Bautista grounded out to second , Finley to third . Hillenbrand tripled to deep center , Finley scored . Hammock doubled to deep center , Hillenbrand scored . Daigle struck out swinging , Hammock to third on wild pitch by Oliver . Kata grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Harris singled to center . Redmond singled to right , Harris to second . Choi walked , Harris to third , Redmond to second . Gonzalez fouled out to first . Oliver grounded into double play , second to first , Choi out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Oliver pitching for Marlins . Cintron grounded out to third . Gonzalez flied out to right . Sexson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Castillo walked . Pierre walked , Castillo to second . Lowell flied out to left . Cabrera hit by pitch , Castillo to third , Pierre to second . Harris singled to center , Castillo and Pierre scored , Cabrera to second . Redmond doubled to deep center , Cabrera and Harris scored . Redmond to third on wild pitch by Daigle . Choi flied out to center , Redmond tagged out at home . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Oliver pitching for Marlins . Finley grounded out to second . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Hillenbrand homered to left . Hammock flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to left . Oliver sacrificed to first , Gonzalez to second . Castillo singled to center , Gonzalez to third . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gonzalez scored , Castillo out at second . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Hairston hit for Choate . Lowell lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Hairston walked . Hairston caught stealing second , catcher to second . Kata struck out swinging . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Cintron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera struck out looking . Harris struck out looking . Redmond flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez flied out to left . Sexson struck out looking . Finley walked . Bautista grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Choi struck out swinging . Mordecai hit for Phelps . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Borland pitching for Marlins . Mordecai flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Borland pitching for Marlins . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Tracy hit for Randolph . Hammock flied out to center . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Pierre singled to left center . Lowell flied out to left . Nunez in left field . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Borland pitching for Marlins . Kata doubled to deep right . Perisho pitching for Marlins . Cintron sacrificed to pitcher , Kata to third , Cintron safe at first on error by pitcher Borland . Bump pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Sexson singled to left , Kata scored , Cintron to second . Finley singled to right , Cintron to third , Sexson to second . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cintron out at home , Sexson to third , Finley to second . Hillenbrand lined out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Nunez flied out to left . Redmond grounded out to first . Choi grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Baerga hit for Koplove . Bump pitching for Marlins . Hammock flied out to center . Baerga grounded out to second . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Kata grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Sutton hit for Bump . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez lined out to right . Sutton walked . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sutton out at second . Castillo caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Pierre batting . Benitez pitching for Marlins . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Benitez pitching for Marlins . Cintron struck out swinging . Gonzalez walked . Sexson flied out to right . Finley walked , Gonzalez to second . Bautista walked , Gonzalez to third , Finley to second . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 10th . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre singled to left . Lowell flied out to right . Pierre stole second . Cabrera intentionally walked . Nunez walked , Pierre to third , Cabrera to second . Redmond walked , Pierre scored , Cabrera to third , Nunez to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Marlins 6 .	Marlins beat D - Backs on walk in 10th