Marlins - Top 1st . Lee pitching for Indians . Pierre singled to center . Castillo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pierre out at second . Lowell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Vizquel struck out swinging . Lawton singled to left . Martinez reached on infield single to shortstop , Lawton to second . Blake singled to right , Lawton to third , Martinez to second , Lawton scored , Martinez to third , Blake to second on error by catcher Redmond . Hafner struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Lee pitching for Indians . Hafner struck out looking . Conine doubled to left center . Easley popped out to shallow left center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Merloni singled to right . Escobar singled to left , Merloni to second . Crisp bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Merloni out at third , Escobar to second . Belliard popped out to first . Vizquel hit by pitch , Escobar to third , Crisp to second . Lawton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Lee pitching for Indians . Redmond lined out to shortstop . Nunez homered to left . Pierre walked . Castillo flied out to center . Lowell flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Martinez doubled to right . Blake grounded out to third . Hafner grounded out to pitcher . Merloni struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Lee pitching for Indians . Cabrera safe at second on error by third baseman Blake . Conine struck out swinging , Conine safe at first on wild pitch by Lee , Cabrera to third . Easley grounded out to shortstop , Cabrera scored , Conine to second . Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop , Conine to third . Redmond grounded out to first , Gonzalez to second . Nunez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Escobar grounded out to second . Crisp doubled to left . Crisp stole third . Belliard struck out swinging . Vizquel reached on infield single to third , Crisp scored . Vizquel stole second . Vizquel picked off second . Lawton batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Lee pitching for Indians . Pierre flied out to center . Castillo singled to shallow right . Lowell lined out to third . Cabrera walked , Castillo to second . Conine grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second , Castillo to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Lawton walked . Lawton stole second . Martinez struck out looking . Lawton caught stealing third , catcher to third . Blake grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Lee pitching for Indians . Easley popped out to shallow center . Gonzalez homered to left center . Redmond struck out swinging . Nunez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Hafner hit by pitch . Borland pitching for Marlins . Broussard hit for Merloni . Broussard struck out swinging . Escobar struck out swinging . Broussard at first base . Crisp grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Lee pitching for Indians . Pierre walked . Castillo reached on bunt single to second , Pierre to second . Miller pitching for Indians . Lowell grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Castillo out at second , Pierre to third . Cabrera walked . Conine struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Borland pitching for Marlins . Belliard singled to right . Vizquel sacrificed to pitcher , Belliard to second . Perisho pitching for Marlins . Lawton struck out swinging . Martinez singled to left , Belliard scored , Martinez to second advancing on throw . Blake intentionally walked . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Hafner flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Easley doubled to deep left . Gonzalez reached on bunt single to pitcher , Easley to third . Choi hit for Nunez . Redmond singled to right , Easley scored , Gonzalez thrown out at third . Bartosh pitching for Indians . Choi struck out looking . Choi at first base . Conine in left field . Pierre lined out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Perisho pitching for Marlins . Broussard struck out swinging . Escobar walked . Crisp walked , Escobar to second . Bump pitching for Marlins . Belliard flied out to center , Escobar to third . Vizquel singled to center , Escobar scored , Crisp to second . Gerut in center field . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Lawton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Castillo struck out looking . Lowell grounded out to third . Cabrera homered to left . Conine walked . Easley homered to left , Conine scored . Benitez pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Benitez pitching for Marlins . Martinez flied out to shallow center . Blake flied out to right . Hafner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 7 - Indians 5 .	Two foul - pole HRs rally Marlins past Tribe