Marlins - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Castillo grounded out to second . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Lawton grounded out to second . Vizquel grounded out to second . Gerut singled to left . Martinez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Cabrera grounded out to first . Choi doubled to left . Easley struck out looking . Conine grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Hafner grounded out to second . Blake reached on infield single to third . Broussard doubled to deep left , Blake to third . Belliard walked . Crisp grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Belliard out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Redmond struck out swinging . Pierre grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Lawton doubled to deep center . Vizquel sacrificed to catcher , Lawton to third . Gerut singled to right center , Lawton scored . Martinez reached on infield single to shortstop , Gerut to second . Hafner doubled to deep center , Gerut and Martinez scored . Blake homered to center , Hafner scored . Broussard struck out looking . Belliard grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Castillo doubled to left . Lowell struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Castillo out at third . Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Westbrook . Choi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Crisp bunt grounded out to catcher . Lawton singled to right center . Lawton caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Vizquel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Easley grounded out to second . Conine reached on infield single to second . Gonzalez lined out to left . Redmond grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Gerut singled to right . Martinez walked , Gerut to second . Hafner singled to right , Gerut to third , Martinez to second . Blake struck out swinging . Howard pitching for Marlins . Broussard doubled to deep left , Gerut and Martinez scored , Hafner to third . Belliard hit sacrifice fly to center , Hafner scored , Broussard to third . Crisp struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Pierre grounded out to third . Castillo popped out to second . Mordecai at second base . Harris in left field . Treanor catching . Lowell flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Howard pitching for Marlins . Lawton grounded out to second . Vizquel struck out looking . McDonald at shortstop . Gerut struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Cabrera homered to left center . Choi singled to right . Easley grounded into double play , third to second to first , Choi out at second . Nunez in right field . Oliver pitching for Marlins . Harris lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Oliver pitching for Marlins . Martinez struck out swinging . Hafner walked . Blake fouled out to third . Broussard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Gonzalez singled to left . Treanor grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . Pierre grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Oliver pitching for Marlins . Belliard singled to left center . Crisp flied out to right . Lawton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Belliard out at second , Lawton to first , Lawton to second on throwing error by second baseman Mordecai . White pitching for Indians . Pote pitching for Indians . McDonald grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 9th . Pote pitching for Indians . Mordecai grounded out to shortstop . Lowell flied out to right . Nunez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 1 - Indians 8 .	Burnett bashed around as Indians rout Marlins