Marlins - Top 1st . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . Pierre grounded out to third . Lowell lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Penny pitching for Marlins . Sanchez tripled to left . Higginson struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to center , Sanchez scored . Rodriguez stole second . Young walked . White flied out to right , Rodriguez to third . Guillen struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Cabrera struck out swinging . Easley grounded out to third . Redmond grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Penny pitching for Marlins . Pena popped out to shortstop . Munson struck out looking . Infante struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Conine singled to center . Gonzalez singled to left , Conine to second . Nunez bunt popped into double play , pitcher to shortstop , Conine out at second . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Penny pitching for Marlins . Sanchez singled to left . Higginson fouled out to catcher . Rodriguez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop . Lowell walked , Pierre to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lowell out at second , Pierre to third . Easley popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Penny pitching for Marlins . Young struck out looking . White flied out to left . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Redmond hit by pitch . Conine walked , Redmond to second . Gonzalez flied out to right , Redmond to third . Nunez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Conine out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Penny pitching for Marlins . Pena singled to left center . Munson flied out to center . Infante safe at first on error by shortstop Gonzalez , Pena to second . Sanchez lined into double play , second to first , Infante doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 6th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Castillo grounded out to third . Pierre struck out looking . Lowell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Penny pitching for Marlins . Higginson struck out looking . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Young popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Cabrera struck out swinging . Easley flied out to center . Redmond grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Penny pitching for Marlins . White struck out swinging . Guillen singled to right . Guillen to second on wild pitch by Penny . Pena struck out swinging . Inge ran for Munson . Munson intentionally walked . Infante singled to right , Guillen scored , Inge to third , Infante to second advancing on throw . Sanchez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Penny , Inge and Infante scored . Sanchez stole third . Higginson grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 8th . Inge at third base . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Conine singled to left . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Conine out at second . Borland pitching for Marlins . Nunez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Borland pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez singled to center . Young singled to center , Rodriguez to third . White doubled to left , Rodriguez scored , Young to third . Guillen grounded out to second . Pena intentionally walked . Inge hit sacrifice fly to center , Young scored , White to third . Walker pitching for Tigers . Infante flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Castillo homered to left . Pierre hit by pitch . Lowell flied out to left . Cabrera singled to right , Pierre to second . Yan pitching for Tigers . Easley grounded out to third , Pierre scored . Urbina pitching for Tigers . Redmond reached on infield single to shortstop , Cabrera to third . Conine flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 2 - Tigers 6 .	Tigers , Robertson snack on Marlins again