Marlins - Top 1st . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Pierre grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to second . Lowell singled to left . Choi singled to left center , Lowell to second . Conine struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Gathright struck out looking . Baldelli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Redmond flied out to center . Gonzalez flied out to left . Easley grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Huff struck out swinging . Cruz struck out looking . Lugo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Mordecai grounded out to second . Pierre singled to center . Cabrera singled to left , Pierre to second . Lowell doubled to left center , Pierre scored , Cabrera to third . Choi intentionally walked . Conine doubled to deep center , Cabrera , Lowell and Choi scored . Redmond grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez fouled out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Pavano pitching for Marlins . McGriff doubled to left . Fordyce grounded out to first , McGriff to third . Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop . Crawford hit sacrifice fly to center , McGriff scored , Sanchez to second . Gathright struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Easley hit by pitch . Mordecai singled to right , Easley to second . Pierre sacrificed to pitcher , Easley to third , Mordecai to second . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left , Easley scored . Lowell flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Baldelli struck out looking . Huff grounded out to shortstop . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Choi grounded out to second . Conine doubled to deep left center . Redmond grounded out to shortstop , Conine to third . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Lugo bunt grounded out to third . McGriff singled to left . Fordyce walked , McGriff to second . Sanchez lined out to right . Crawford grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Easley homered to left . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Mordecai hit ground rule double to right . Pierre grounded out to second , Mordecai to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Lowell struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Gathright grounded out to second . Baldelli singled to left . Huff grounded out to second , Baldelli to second . Cruz walked . Lugo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Choi struck out swinging . Conine singled to right . Redmond singled to center , Conine to second . Gonzalez flied out to center . Easley doubled to deep left , Conine scored , Redmond to third . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Mordecai reached on infield single to shortstop , Redmond scored , Easley to third . Pierre doubled to deep right center , Easley and Mordecai scored . Nunez in right field . Cabrera struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Pavano pitching for Marlins . McGriff grounded out to second . Fordyce singled to right center . Sanchez popped out to first . Crawford flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Lowell fouled out to first . Choi grounded out to second . Oliver pitching for Marlins . Conine flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Oliver pitching for Marlins . Gathright singled to left . Baldelli singled to left , Gathright to second . Huff reached on infield single to shortstop , Gathright to third , Baldelli to second . Cruz popped out to second . Lugo doubled to deep left , Gathright and Baldelli scored , Huff to third . McGriff struck out swinging . Fordyce fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Redmond doubled to deep center . Gonzalez flied out to left . Easley walked . Mordecai singled to center , Redmond to third , Easley to second . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Redmond scored , Mordecai out at second , Easley to third . Koch pitching for Marlins . Martinez hit for Sanchez . Nunez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Koch pitching for Marlins . Martinez flied out to center . Crawford walked . Fick hit for Baldelli . Gathright struck out swinging . Crawford to second on fielder 's indifference . Fick doubled to deep right , Crawford scored . Huff walked . Fick to third , Huff to second on passed ball by Redmond . Cruz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 11 - Devil Rays 4 .	Marlins end Rays ' interleague streak at 13