Marlins - Top 1st . Biddle pitching for Expos . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . Lowell popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Chavez grounded out to first . Carroll grounded out to third . Batista struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Biddle pitching for Expos . Cabrera singled to right . Conine doubled to left , Cabrera to third . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop , Cabrera scored . Choi struck out swinging . Willingham walked . Willis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Rivera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Biddle pitching for Expos . Pierre reached on infield single to pitcher . Castillo flied out to left . Pierre caught stealing second , catcher to second . Pierre caught stealing second , catcher to second . Lowell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Sledge bunt popped out to pitcher . Diaz lined out to first . Biddle struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Biddle pitching for Expos . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Conine singled to left . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Choi grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 4th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Chavez flied out to center . Carroll doubled to left . Carroll to third on passed ball by Willingham . Batista struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Biddle pitching for Expos . Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop . Willis bunt popped out foul to catcher . Pierre singled to right , Willingham to third . Castillo hit sacrifice fly to left , Willingham scored . Lowell lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 5th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Rivera grounded out to second . Sledge grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Biddle pitching for Expos . Cabrera walked . Conine struck out swinging , Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Biddle . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Choi intentionally walked . Willingham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 6th . Mateo hit for Biddle . Willis pitching for Marlins . Diaz singled to right center . Mateo safe at first on error by second baseman Castillo , Diaz to second . Chavez tripled to deep left center , Diaz and Mateo scored . Carroll hit sacrifice fly to right , Chavez scored . Batista grounded out to shortstop . Horgan pitching for Expos . Mordecai hit for Willis . Cabrera flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 7th . Horgan pitching for Expos . Mordecai walked . Pierre sacrificed to pitcher , Mordecai to second . Tucker pitching for Expos . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Lowell reached on infield single to shortstop , Mordecai to third . Manzanillo pitching for Marlins . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lowell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 7th . Manzanillo pitching for Marlins . Wilkerson singled to right . Rivera singled to left center , Wilkerson to second . Sledge sacrificed to catcher , Wilkerson to third , Rivera to second . Johnson hit for Tucker . Perisho pitching for Marlins . Diaz hit by pitch . Johnson singled to right , Wilkerson scored , Rivera to third , Diaz to second . Bump pitching for Marlins . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rivera scored on error by catcher Treanor , Diaz to third , Johnson to second . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Diaz scored , Chavez out at second , Johnson to third . Wilkerson in left field . Vargas pitching for Expos . Johnson at first base . Batista grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Carroll out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 8th . Vargas pitching for Expos . Conine grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez flied out to center . Choi doubled to right . Harris hit for Bump . Treanor reached on infield single to first , Choi to third . Howard pitching for Marlins . Harris fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 8th . Howard pitching for Marlins . Cabrera flied out to right . Wilkerson flied out to left . Cordero pitching for Expos . Rivera fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Expos . Pierre singled to right . Castillo struck out looking . Lowell struck out looking . Pierre to second on fielder 's indifference . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 2 - Expos 6 .	Expos fry Fish