Marlins - Top 1st . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre struck out looking . Castillo lined out to third . Lo Duca singled to center . Lo Duca caught stealing second , catcher to second . Lowell batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . McCracken struck out swinging . Green grounded out to second . Bautista grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Lowell popped out to shortstop . Cabrera walked . Conine grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cabrera out at second . Encarnacion walked , Conine to second . Gonzalez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Hillenbrand fouled out to catcher . Terrero walked . Cintron grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Terrero out at second . Hairston grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cintron out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Willis grounded out to pitcher . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Castillo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Hill grounded out to pitcher . Fossum struck out swinging . McCracken grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Lo Duca singled to center . Lowell walked , Lo Duca to second . Cabrera singled to center , Lo Duca scored , Lowell to second . Conine flied out to center , Lowell to third . Encarnacion popped out to first . Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Fossum . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Willis lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Green doubled to deep left . Bautista singled to right , Green scored , Bautista to second on error by pitcher Willis . Hillenbrand flied out to right , Bautista to third . Terrero singled to center , Bautista scored . Terrero caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Cintron flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 5th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Castillo grounded out to third . Lo Duca walked . Lowell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Hairston singled to center . Hill popped out to first . Fossum sacrificed to pitcher , Hairston to second . McCracken grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera struck out swinging . Conine flied out to right . Encarnacion singled to center . Gonzalez tripled to deep center , Encarnacion scored . Willis flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Green flied out to center . Bautista fouled out to right . Hillenbrand homered to left . Terrero doubled to right . Cintron grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre singled to center . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Castillo singled to right , Castillo out at second , Pierre to third . Lo Duca doubled to deep center , Pierre scored . Lowell grounded out to second , Lo Duca to third . Cabrera walked . Conine grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Hairston struck out swinging . Olson hit for Dessens . Hill popped out to second . Olson singled to left . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . McCracken grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Willis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Seanez pitching for Marlins . Green singled to left . Bautista homered to left , Green scored . Hillenbrand doubled to left . Terrero struck out swinging . Hillenbrand to third on wild pitch by Seanez . Cintron struck out swinging . Green at second base . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy at third base . Hairston struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre singled to center . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pierre out at second . Lo Duca walked , Castillo to second . Lowell grounded into double play , third to first , Castillo out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 3 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Finally , Snakes do n't bite at home , snap streak