Marlins - Top 1st . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre grounded out to pitcher . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Lo Duca grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Pavano pitching for Marlins . McCracken flied out to center . Terrero lined out to second . Bautista struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Lowell flied out to center . Cabrera grounded out to third . Conine grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Hillenbrand singled to right . Tracy doubled to center , Hillenbrand to third . Cintron grounded out to second , Hillenbrand scored , Tracy to third . Hairston hit sacrifice fly to center , Tracy scored . Hill flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Encarnacion popped out to first . Gonzalez struck out looking . Pavano grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Cormier struck out swinging . McCracken grounded out to shortstop . Terrero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre grounded out to first . Castillo walked . Lo Duca homered to left , Castillo scored . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera homered to right . Conine grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Bautista grounded out to third . Hillenbrand flied out to left . Tracy walked . Cintron singled to left center , Tracy to second . Hairston struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Encarnacion walked . Gonzalez singled to center , Encarnacion to second . Pavano sacrificed to third , Encarnacion to third , Gonzalez to second . Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop , Encarnacion scored , Gonzalez out at home . Pierre stole second . Castillo singled to left center , Pierre scored . Lo Duca walked , Castillo to second . Lowell flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Devore hit for Cormier . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Hill flied out to right . Devore grounded out to third . McCracken singled to left . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Terrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera walked . Conine doubled to right center , Cabrera to third . Encarnacion lined out to third . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center , Cabrera scored . Pavano grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Bautista flied out to center . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Tracy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre grounded out to first . Castillo flied out to left . Lo Duca singled to left . Lowell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Cintron flied out to left . Hairston popped out to second . Hill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Aguila ran for Cabrera . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera reached on infield single to third . Conine flied out to center . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Green at second base . Encarnacion walked , Aguila to second . Gonzalez flied out to right . Pavano singled to deep right , Aguila scored , Encarnacion to third . Aguila in left field . Pierre grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Green reached on infield single to third . McCracken grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Green out at second . Terrero doubled to left , McCracken to third . Bautista walked . Perisho pitching for Marlins . Hillenbrand singled to right , McCracken and Terrero scored , Bautista to second . Tracy fouled out to catcher . Baerga hit for Dessens . Mota pitching for Marlins . Cintron singled to center , Bautista scored , Hillenbrand to second . Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks . Baerga popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks . Castillo singled to center . Lo Duca reached on bunt single to third , Castillo to second . Castillo to third , Lo Duca to second on wild pitch by Fetters . Lowell walked . Aguila singled to left , Castillo scored , Lo Duca to third , Lowell to second . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Conine singled to left , Lo Duca scored , Lowell to third , Aguila to second . Encarnacion grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Lowell scored , Conine out at second . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Mota batting . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Mota pitching for Marlins . Hill struck out swinging . Green flied out to right . McCracken singled to center . Terrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 11 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Pavano 's long start ends Marlins ' misery