Cardinals - Top 1st . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Anderson popped out to third . Walker struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Pierre bunt grounded out to third . Easley homered to left . Lo Duca singled to right . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lo Duca out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Edmonds walked . Mabry hit ground rule double to left , Edmonds to third . Cedeno struck out looking . Luna hit sacrifice fly , center to first to third , Edmonds scored , Mabry out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Lowell struck out swinging . Conine grounded out to third . Encarnacion struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Molina flied out to center . Morris struck out swinging . Anderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez doubled to left . Burnett grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop . Pierre sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to third , Burnett to second . Easley safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Anderson , Gonzalez scored , Burnett to third . Lo Duca singled to center , Burnett scored , Easley to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lo Duca out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 4th . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Walker homered to left . Pujols flied out to center . Edmonds flied out to center . Mabry singled to left . Cedeno grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mabry out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Lowell singled to left . Conine grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lowell out at second . Encarnacion popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Luna lined out to right . Molina grounded out to second . Morris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez reached on bunt single to pitcher . Burnett sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Pierre grounded out to first , Gonzalez to third . Easley lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Anderson singled to center . Walker fouled out to catcher . Pujols struck out swinging . Edmonds walked , Anderson to second . Mabry singled to left , Anderson thrown out at home , Edmonds to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Lo Duca walked . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lo Duca out at second . Lowell popped out to second . Conine lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Cedeno grounded out to pitcher . Luna walked . Molina struck out swinging , Luna stole second . Morris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Encarnacion singled to left . Mordecai hit for Burnett . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Encarnacion safe at second on error by catcher Molina . Mordecai reached on bunt single to catcher , Encarnacion to third , Gonzalez to second . Pierre safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols , Encarnacion scored , Gonzalez to third , Mordecai to second . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Easley singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Mordecai to third , Pierre to second . Lo Duca hit sacrifice fly to center , Mordecai scored . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Easley out at second , Pierre to third . Lowell walked , Cabrera to second . Conine singled to center , Pierre and Cabrera scored , Lowell to second . Aguila in left field . Bump pitching for Marlins . Mordecai at third base . Encarnacion struck out looking . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Womack hit for Walker . Bump pitching for Marlins . Anderson singled to center . Womack grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . Pujols doubled to left . Anderson in left field . Womack at second base . Cedeno in right field . Edmonds lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez singled to left . Mordecai struck out swinging . Koch pitching for Marlins . Pierre grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Koch pitching for Marlins . Mabry flied out to center . Cedeno flied out to left . Luna flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 2 - Marlins 8 .	Not in the Cards : 7 - game streak ends in Miami