Marlins - Top 1st . Prior pitching for Cubs . Pierre flied out to left . Castillo singled to left . Cabrera flied out to right . Lowell singled to right , Castillo to third . Conine popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Patterson flied out to left . Perez doubled to left center . Alou singled to left , Perez to third . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Alou out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Prior pitching for Cubs . Encarnacion struck out looking . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Redmond singled to right center . Kensing struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Lee flied out to right . Grudzielanek doubled to right . Macias reached on infield single to pitcher , Grudzielanek to third . Bako hit sacrifice fly to left , Grudzielanek scored , Macias to second . Prior grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Prior pitching for Cubs . Pierre flied out to left . Castillo grounded out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Patterson singled to right . Patterson stole second . Perez reached on bunt single to pitcher , Patterson to third . Perez stole second . Alou homered to left , Patterson and Perez scored . Bump pitching for Marlins . Ramirez homered to center . Lee walked . Grudzielanek grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lee out at second . Macias grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Prior pitching for Cubs . Lowell singled to left center . Conine singled to right , Lowell to second . Encarnacion doubled to right , Lowell scored , Encarnacion out at second , Conine to third . Gonzalez lined out to second . Redmond grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Bump pitching for Marlins . Bako singled to left . Prior sacrificed to first , Bako to second . Bako to third on wild pitch by Bump . Patterson struck out looking . Perez singled to right , Bako scored . Cordero hit for Bump . Alou flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Prior pitching for Cubs . Cordero grounded out to shortstop . Pierre lined out to center . Small pitching for Marlins . Castillo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Small pitching for Marlins . Ramirez flied out to center . Lee flied out to right . Grudzielanek flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Prior pitching for Cubs . Cabrera struck out swinging . Lowell grounded out to third . Conine struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Small pitching for Marlins . Macias singled to center . Bako singled to left , Macias to second . Prior bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Macias out at third , Bako to second . Patterson doubled to deep right , Bako scored , Prior to third . Prior scored , Patterson to third on wild pitch by Small . Weathers pitching for Marlins . Perez walked . Alou hit ground rule double to deep left , Patterson scored , Perez to third . Ramirez intentionally walked . Lee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ramirez out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Easley hit for Gonzalez . Prior pitching for Cubs . Encarnacion flied out to left . Easley lined out to shortstop . Redmond doubled to deep right . Mordecai hit for Weathers . Harris at third base . Treanor catching . Aguila in right field . Easley at shortstop . Manzanillo pitching for Marlins . Mordecai at second base . Mordecai struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Manzanillo pitching for Marlins . Grudzielanek reached on infield single to shortstop , Grudzielanek to second on throwing error by shortstop Easley . Macias popped out to second . Bako singled to deep right , Grudzielanek scored , Bako to third on error by right fielder Aguila . Murray hit for Patterson . Prior struck out looking . Murray reached on infield single to third , Bako scored . Perez singled to center , Murray to third . Dubois hit for Alou . Martinez hit for Ramirez . Dubois walked , Perez to second . Murray in center field . Dubois in left field . Martinez at third base . Walker at first base . Goodwin in right field . Macias at second base . Martinez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Prior pitching for Cubs . Pierre singled to center . Harris grounded out to first , Pierre to second . Cabrera singled to center , Pierre scored . Treanor struck out swinging . Perisho pitching for Marlins . Conine grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Perisho pitching for Marlins . Walker grounded out to pitcher . Goodwin struck out looking . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Macias grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Aguila walked . Lo Duca hit for Perisho . Easley grounded into double play , third to second to first , Aguila out at second . Lo Duca struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 2 - Cubs 11 .	Prior goes eight , and Cubs split with Marlins