Red Sox - Top 1st . Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays . Damon grounded out to first . Mueller grounded out to second . Garciaparra hit by pitch . Ramirez flied out to deep center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Crawford struck out swinging . Baldelli tripled to right center . Huff struck out swinging . Shumpert struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays . Millar flied out to center . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Giambi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Lee struck out swinging . Easley fouled out to first . Grieve fouled out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays . Nixon flied out to left . Varitek doubled to left . Damon lined out to third . Mueller doubled to left , Varitek scored . Garciaparra struck out swinging , Garciaparra safe at first on wild pitch by Bierbrodt , Mueller to third , Mueller scored on throwing error by catcher Hall . Ramirez singled to center , Garciaparra to second . Millar singled to center , Garciaparra scored , Ramirez to third . Millar to second on wild pitch by Bierbrodt . Hillenbrand singled to left , Ramirez and Millar scored . Giambi popped out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Hall homered to left . Ordonez singled to left . Crawford singled to left , Ordonez to second . Baldelli struck out swinging . Huff struck out swinging . Ordonez caught stealing third , catcher to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays . Nixon struck out swinging . Varitek batting . Damon singled to center , Varitek to second . Mueller singled to left , Varitek to third , Damon to second . Garciaparra singled to center , Varitek and Damon scored , Mueller to second . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Garciaparra out at second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Shumpert walked . Lee reached on infield single to third , Shumpert to second . Easley flied out to right . Grieve flied out to center . Shumpert to third , Lee to second on wild pitch by Fossum . Hall walked . Ordonez singled to left , Shumpert and Lee scored , Hall to second . Crawford struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Millar homered to left . Hillenbrand grounded out to first . Giambi struck out swinging . Nixon doubled to right . Varitek grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Baldelli grounded out to shortstop . Huff struck out swinging . Shumpert grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Damon walked . Mueller doubled to deep right center , Damon to third . Garciaparra grounded out to third . Ramirez intentionally walked . Millar doubled to right center , Damon and Mueller scored , Ramirez to third . Hillenbrand hit sacrifice fly to right , Ramirez scored , Millar to third . Venafro pitching for Devil Rays . Giambi struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Lee singled to right . Easley walked , Lee to second . Grieve grounded out to first , Lee to third , Easley to second . Hall walked . Ordonez hit sacrifice fly to left center , Lee scored . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hall out at second , Easley to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Venafro pitching for Devil Rays . Nixon grounded out to first . Varitek singled to left . Damon struck out swinging . Mueller grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Baldelli singled to center . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Baldelli out at second . Martin hit for Shumpert . Martin flied out to left . Lee popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Garciaparra homered to center . Ramirez walked . Millar flied out to left . Hillenbrand fouled out to catcher . Giambi flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Howry pitching for Red Sox . Jackson at shortstop . Easley grounded out to third . Grieve walked . Hall singled to shallow center , Grieve to second . Ordonez flied out to right . Crawford singled to center , Grieve scored , Hall to second . Baldelli struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Seay pitching for Devil Rays . Nixon singled to left center . Varitek doubled to left center , Nixon to third . Damon hit sacrifice fly to right , Nixon scored , Varitek to third . Mueller grounded out to shortstop , Varitek scored . Jackson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Howry pitching for Red Sox . Huff grounded out to shortstop . Martin reached on infield single to first . Martin to second on fielder 's indifference . Lee flied out to center . Easley lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 14 - Devil Rays 5 .	Millar , Red Sox batter Bierbrodt , D - Rays