Orioles - Top 1st . Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays . Hairston doubled to left center . Mora sacrificed to catcher , Hairston to third . Segui struck out swinging . Conine grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Helling pitching for Orioles . Crawford grounded out to second . Baldelli struck out looking . Huff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays . Gibbons singled to right . Batista homered to left , Gibbons scored . Cordova grounded out to third . Cruz flied out to right . Gil safe at second on error by shortstop Ordonez . Hairston walked . Matthews Jr hit for Segui . Mora hit by pitch , Gil to third , Hairston to second . Matthews Jr hit ground rule double to right , Gil and Hairston scored , Mora to third . Conine intentionally walked . Gibbons struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Helling pitching for Orioles . Lee grounded out to pitcher . Grieve walked . Easley doubled to left , Grieve to third . Anderson homered to right , Grieve and Easley scored . Valentin singled to left . Ordonez struck out swinging . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Valentin out at second . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays . Batista grounded out to third . Cordova grounded out to second . Cruz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Helling pitching for Orioles . Baldelli struck out swinging . Huff popped out to third . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays . Gil reached on infield single to third . Hairston grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gil out at second . Mora flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Helling pitching for Orioles . Grieve walked . Grieve to second on passed ball by Gil . Easley grounded out to shortstop , Grieve to third . Anderson hit sacrifice fly to left , Grieve scored . Valentin flied out to deep center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Bierbrodt pitching for Devil Rays . Matthews Jr hit ground rule double to left . Conine grounded out to third . Gibbons singled to left , Matthews Jr scored , Gibbons to second on error by left fielder Crawford . Batista homered to left , Gibbons scored . Cordova singled to center . Levine pitching for Devil Rays . Cruz fouled out to first . Gil grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cordova out at second . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Helling pitching for Orioles . Ordonez singled to center . Crawford reached on infield single to third , Ordonez to second . Baldelli singled to right , Ordonez scored , Crawford to second , Crawford to third , Baldelli to second advancing on throw . Huff doubled to deep left , Crawford and Baldelli scored , Huff tagged out at third attempting to advance on play . Lee struck out swinging . Grieve grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Levine pitching for Devil Rays . Hairston flied out to right . Mora grounded out to shortstop . Roberts pitching for Orioles . Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Roberts pitching for Orioles . Easley struck out looking . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Valentin grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Levine pitching for Devil Rays . Conine fouled out to first . Gibbons safe at first on error by second baseman Anderson . Batista flied out to left . Cordova struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Roberts pitching for Orioles . Ordonez reached on infield single to third . Crawford grounded out to first , Ordonez to second . Baldelli tripled to left center , Ordonez scored . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Huff singled to center , Baldelli scored . Rolls ran for Huff . Lee fouled out to catcher . Rolls in right field . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Grieve struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Cruz grounded out to first . Gil grounded out to third . Hairston singled to left . Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles . Mora grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles . Easley struck out swinging . Anderson singled to right . Valentin singled to center , Anderson to second . Ordonez flied out to center . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Crawford singled to left , Anderson scored , Valentin to second , Valentin tagged out at third attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Matthews Jr grounded out to second . Conine fouled out to first . Gibbons flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 7 - Devil Rays 10 .	Rays rally past frustrated O 's for second straight win