Devil Rays - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Crawford flied out to left center . Baldelli struck out swinging . Huff singled to center . Grieve walked , Huff to second . Martin fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Damon grounded out to first . Walker walked . Garciaparra grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Walker out at second . Ramirez singled to left , Garciaparra to second . Millar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez out at second , Garciaparra to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Anderson popped out to second . Easley struck out looking . Hall grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Hillenbrand singled to center . Mirabelli flied out to right . Mueller struck out looking . Varitek singled to left center , Hillenbrand to second . Damon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Ordonez struck out looking . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Baldelli walked . Huff grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Walker grounded out to second . Garciaparra flied out to right center . Ramirez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Grieve flied out to center . Martin fouled out to catcher . Anderson flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Millar homered to left . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . Mirabelli grounded out to shortstop . Mueller grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Easley popped out to third . Hall lined out to second . Ordonez flied out to deep left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Varitek grounded out to shortstop . Damon walked . Walker grounded into double play , pitcher to second to shortstop to first , Damon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Crawford grounded out to second . Baldelli fouled out to first . Huff walked . Grieve grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Garciaparra doubled to left . Garciaparra to third on wild pitch by Kennedy . Ramirez hit ground rule double to left , Garciaparra scored . Millar singled to left , Ramirez scored . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Millar out at second . Mirabelli singled to center . Mueller singled to left , Mirabelli to second . Varitek tripled to center , Mirabelli and Mueller scored . Venafro pitching for Devil Rays . Damon grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Martin popped out to second . Anderson singled to center . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Easley grounded into double play , third to second to first , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Walker flied out to shallow left center . Garciaparra singled to left , Garciaparra out stretching at second . Ramirez walked . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Nixon in right field . Millar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Hall struck out swinging . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Crawford grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Mirabelli homered to left . Mueller grounded out to second . Varitek grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Baldelli grounded out to shortstop . Huff singled to shallow center . Grieve grounded out to first , Huff to second . Martin reached on infield single to shortstop , Huff to third . Anderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 0 - Red Sox 6 .	Pedro goes from worst outing to win column