Devil Rays - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Rolls grounded out to pitcher . Huff lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Hairston grounded out to third . Matthews Jr grounded out to second . Surhoff flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Baldelli struck out swinging . Martin flied out to left . Easley popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Conine doubled to right . Gibbons singled to center , Conine to third . Batista walked , Gibbons to second . Cordova walked , Conine scored , Gibbons to third , Batista to second . Cruz grounded out to third , Gibbons scored , Batista to third , Cordova to second . Gil hit by pitch . Hairston hit sacrifice fly to right center , Batista scored . Matthews Jr doubled to right , Cordova scored , Gil to third . Surhoff walked . Conine walked , Gil scored , Matthews Jr to third , Surhoff to second . Gibbons reached on infield single to pitcher , Matthews Jr scored , Surhoff to third , Conine to second . Batista singled to left , Surhoff and Conine scored , Gibbons to third . Cordova flied out to right . 8 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Hall singled to center . Ordonez homered to left , Hall scored . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Rolls struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Cruz grounded out to third . Gil flied out to right . Hairston struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Huff grounded out to first . Baldelli struck out looking . Martin doubled to right . Martin to third on passed ball by Gil . Easley singled to shallow right , Martin scored . Anderson walked , Easley to second . Hall lined out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop . Surhoff grounded out to second . Conine lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Ordonez singled to right . Crawford reached on bunt single to second , Ordonez to second . Rolls struck out swinging . Huff grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Gibbons grounded out to first . Batista lined out to center . Cordova grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Baldelli doubled to right . Martin grounded out to pitcher , Baldelli to third . Easley lined out to shortstop . Anderson continues to bat after dropped foul ball by catcher Gil . Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop , Baldelli scored . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Anderson out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Cruz grounded out to third . Gil flied out to shallow center . Hairston walked . Matthews Jr singled to left , Hairston to second . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Surhoff grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Ordonez struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to third . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Rolls struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Conine flied out to deep right . Gibbons flied out to shallow left . Batista homered to left center . Cordova flied out to deep center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Huff grounded out to first . Baldelli singled to right . Martin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Baldelli out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Cruz flied out to left . Gil flied out to shallow right . Hairston singled to shallow right . Matthews Jr flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Easley walked . Easley to second on fielder 's indifference . Anderson walked . Hall homered to left , Easley and Anderson scored . Julio pitching for Orioles . Ordonez flied out to left . Crawford flied out to left . Rolls grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 7 - Orioles 9 .	Eight is enough : Big inning lifts Orioles over Rays