Twins - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Jones grounded out to pitcher . Guzman singled to left . Koskie singled to left , Guzman to second . Guzman stole third , Koskie stole second . Kielty singled to left , Guzman scored , Koskie to third . Hunter singled to right , Koskie scored , Kielty to third . Mohr singled to right center , Kielty scored , Hunter to second . Cuddyer singled to left , Hunter to third , Mohr to second . Pierzynski hit sacrifice fly to right , Hunter scored , Mohr to third , Cuddyer to second . Gomez popped out to second . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Mays pitching for Twins . Crawford grounded out to second . Baldelli reached on infield single to third . Huff doubled to right , Baldelli to third . Lee walked . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Baldelli scored , Lee out at second , Huff to third . Hall grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Jones grounded out to first . Guzman safe at first on error by second baseman Anderson . Koskie singled to center , Guzman to second . Kielty flied out to right . Hunter grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Mays pitching for Twins . Martin grounded out to second . Truby grounded out to third . Ordonez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Mohr singled to center . Cuddyer grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Mohr out at second . Pierzynski doubled to right . Gomez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Mays pitching for Twins . Crawford flied out to deep center . Baldelli grounded out to shortstop . Huff grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Jones bunt grounded out to first . Guzman grounded out to second . Koskie struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Mays pitching for Twins . Lee singled to center . Anderson singled to right , Lee to second . Hall singled to right center , Lee scored , Anderson to third . Martin singled to center , Anderson scored , Hall to second . Truby sacrificed to pitcher , Hall to third , Martin to second . Ordonez grounded out to third , Hall scored . Crawford doubled to left , Martin scored . Baldelli singled to center , Crawford scored . Huff singled to center , Baldelli to third . Rincon pitching for Twins . Lee struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Kielty homered to left . Hunter walked . Mohr singled to right , Hunter to second . Hunter to third , Mohr to second on wild pitch by Kennedy . Cuddyer walked . Pierzynski homered to right , Hunter , Mohr and Cuddyer scored . Gomez singled to center . Venafro pitching for Devil Rays . Jones doubled to left , Gomez scored . Guzman singled to left , Jones scored . Koskie flied out to right . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Kielty grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Guzman out at second . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kielty out at second . 7 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Anderson walked . Hall grounded into double play , third to second to first , Anderson out at second . Martin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Mohr grounded out to shortstop . Cuddyer singled to right . Pierzynski grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cuddyer out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Truby popped out to first . Ordonez popped out to second . Crawford reached on infield single to first . Baldelli doubled to left , Crawford to third . Huff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Gomez flied out to left . Jones singled to center . Guzman fouled out to third . Koskie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Lee flied out to left . Anderson flied out to center . Levine pitching for Devil Rays . Hall grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Levine pitching for Devil Rays . Kielty walked . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kielty out at second . Mohr popped out to first . Mientkiewicz at first base . Hawkins pitching for Twins . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Hawkins pitching for Twins . Martin struck out looking . Truby struck out swinging . Ordonez singled to shallow center . Ordonez to second on wild pitch by Hawkins . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Levine pitching for Devil Rays . Pierzynski flied out to center . Gomez grounded out to third . Romero pitching for Twins . Jones grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Romero pitching for Twins . Baldelli struck out swinging . Huff struck out swinging . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 11 - Devil Rays 6 .	Pierzynski has grand time in Twins rout of D - Rays