Pirates - Top 1st . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Wilson popped out to second . Giles flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Tyner singled to center . Rolls popped out to shallow right . Huff singled to right , Tyner to third . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tyner scored , Huff out at second . Grieve walked , Lee to second . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grieve out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Ramirez flied out to left . Simon grounded out to second . Stairs walked . Sanders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Lugo struck out swinging . Valentin flied out to left . Crawford flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Hyzdu grounded out to shortstop . Reboulet fouled out to first . Kendall singled to left . Wilson hit ground rule double to deep left center , Kendall to third . Giles intentionally walked . Ramirez doubled to left center , Kendall , Wilson and Giles scored , Ramirez to third on throwing error by shortstop Lugo . Simon grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Tyner grounded out to second . Rolls grounded out to second . Huff grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Stairs struck out swinging . Sanders singled to deep left . Hyzdu walked , Sanders to second . Reboulet walked , Sanders to third , Hyzdu to second . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Kendall hit by pitch , Sanders scored , Hyzdu to third , Reboulet to second . Wilson doubled to left , Hyzdu and Reboulet scored , Kendall to third . Giles hit sacrifice fly to left , Kendall scored . Ramirez flied out to left . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Lee flied out to right center . Grieve grounded out to second . Anderson hit by pitch . Wilson catching . Shumpert ran for Anderson . Shumpert at second base . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Shumpert out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Simon grounded out to second . Stairs fouled out to shallow left . Sanders grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Valentin grounded out to shortstop . Crawford doubled to center . Tyner doubled to left , Crawford scored . Rolls grounded out to pitcher . Parris pitching for Devil Rays . Huff flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Parris pitching for Devil Rays . Hyzdu reached on infield single to third . Reboulet tripled to right , Hyzdu scored . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice double play , third to catcher to shortstop to catcher , Reboulet out at home , Wilson out at third . Wilson doubled to left . Giles grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Lee singled to center . Grieve singled to center , Lee to second . Shumpert doubled to deep center , Lee scored , Grieve thrown out at home . Lugo struck out looking . Valentin flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Parris pitching for Devil Rays . Ramirez homered to left . Simon singled to left center . Stairs grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Simon out at second . Sanders doubled to deep center . Hyzdu struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Crawford grounded out to second . Tyner flied out to center . Levine pitching for Devil Rays . Rolls grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Levine pitching for Devil Rays . Reboulet singled to left . Wilson struck out looking . Wilson flied out to left . Giles walked , Reboulet to second . Ramirez walked , Reboulet to third , Giles to second . Venafro pitching for Devil Rays . Young hit for Simon . Young at first base . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Huff singled to right . Lee flied out to center . Grieve struck out swinging . Shumpert grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Venafro pitching for Devil Rays . Stairs struck out looking . Sanders grounded out to shortstop . Hyzdu doubled to right . Reboulet singled to right , Hyzdu to third . Wilson doubled to left , Hyzdu scored , Reboulet to third . Wilson singled to right , Reboulet scored , Wilson to third . Giles singled to shallow left , Wilson scored , Wilson to third . Ramirez popped out to first . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Lugo doubled to left . Valentin singled to left , Lugo to third . Crawford hit sacrifice fly to deep right , Lugo scored . Tyner singled to center , Valentin to second . Rolls singled to right , Valentin to third , Tyner to second . Sauerbeck pitching for Pirates . Huff walked , Valentin scored , Tyner to third , Rolls to second . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Tyner scored , Huff out at second , Rolls to third . Grieve singled to right , Rolls scored , Lee to second . Shumpert walked , Lee to third , Grieve to second . Lugo doubled to shallow right , Lee and Grieve scored , Shumpert to third . Williams pitching for Pirates . Baldelli hit for Valentin . Baldelli walked . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Baldelli out at second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 12 - Devil Rays 9 .	Punch drunk , no love : Pirates beat D - Rays