Devil Rays - Top 1st . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Lugo struck out swinging . Perez flied out to center . Baldelli homered to left . Huff grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Long singled to right center . Hatteberg doubled to right , Long scored . Tejada singled to center , Hatteberg scored . Durazo singled to right , Tejada to third , Durazo to second on error by right fielder Shumpert . Chavez hit sacrifice fly to right center , Tejada scored , Durazo to third . Hernandez singled to center , Durazo scored . McMillon walked , Hernandez to second . Singleton grounded out to second , Hernandez to third , McMillon to second . Ellis popped out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Hall grounded out to third . Lee grounded out to first . Rolls grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Long grounded out to second . Hatteberg singled to center . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hatteberg out at second . Tejada to second on balk by Sosa . Durazo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Shumpert struck out swinging . Crawford walked . Crawford caught stealing second , catcher to second . Lugo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Chavez walked . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Chavez out at second . McMillon grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Hernandez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Perez flied out to shallow right . Baldelli flied out to center . Huff grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Singleton grounded out to second . Ellis singled to left . Long grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Hall grounded out to third . Lee grounded out to second . Rolls fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Hatteberg flied out to deep center . Tejada grounded out to third . Durazo safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Rolls . Chavez singled to right , Durazo scored . Hernandez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Shumpert struck out looking . Crawford grounded out to third . Lugo bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . McMillon singled to right . Singleton flied out to deep left . Ellis flied out to left center . Long struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Perez lined out to first . Baldelli struck out swinging . Huff doubled to shallow left . Hall grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Sosa pitching for Devil Rays . Hatteberg singled to center . Tejada reached on infield single to third , Hatteberg to second . Durazo walked , Hatteberg to third , Tejada to second . Levine pitching for Devil Rays . Chavez popped out to third . Hernandez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Durazo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Lee singled to left . Rolls grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lee out at second . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Shumpert grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . McMillon walked . Piatt ran for McMillon . Singleton flied out to center . Ellis singled to center , Piatt to second . Long popped out to shortstop . Piatt in left field . Hatteberg grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Crawford doubled to left . Lugo grounded out to second , Crawford to third . Perez reached on infield single to shortstop , Crawford scored . Baldelli flied out to center . Perez to second on fielder 's indifference . Huff flied out to right center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 2 - Athletics 5 .	Mulder must go the distance to reach No . 12 for A 's