Devil Rays - Top 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Baldelli struck out swinging . Huff singled to right center . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Standridge pitching for Devil Rays . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Guillen walked , Suzuki to second . Suzuki to third , Guillen to second on wild pitch by Standridge . Boone walked . Martinez struck out swinging . Olerud walked , Suzuki scored , Guillen to third , Boone to second . Cameron grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Guillen scored , Olerud out at second , Boone to third . Winn walked , Cameron to second . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Bloomquist homered to left , Boone , Cameron and Winn scored . Wilson fouled out to first . 6 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Grieve struck out swinging . Rolls flied out to right . Anderson singled to right . Hall homered to left , Anderson scored . Perez grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Suzuki lined out to left center . Guillen grounded out to first . Boone doubled to deep right . Martinez singled to center , Boone scored . Olerud popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Baldelli reached on infield single to shortstop . Huff flied out to deep center . Lee walked , Baldelli to second . Grieve grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Cameron singled to center . Winn grounded out to second , Cameron to second . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop , Cameron to third . Wilson flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Rolls singled to shallow center . Anderson lined into double play , shortstop to first , Rolls doubled off first . Hall singled to center . Perez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Suzuki singled to right . Guillen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . Boone grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Crawford reached on infield single to pitcher . Baldelli grounded into double play , third to second to first , Crawford out at second . Huff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Martinez flied out to deep right . Olerud walked . Cameron singled to center , Olerud to second . Winn singled to deep right , Olerud scored , Cameron to third , Winn to second on throwing error by second baseman Anderson . Bloomquist singled to left center , Cameron and Winn scored , Bloomquist thrown out at second attempting to advance on throw . Wilson popped out to shallow left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Lee struck out looking . Grieve grounded out to second . Seay pitching for Devil Rays . Rolls struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Seay pitching for Devil Rays . Suzuki tripled to deep right center . Guillen struck out looking . Boone grounded out to third . Martinez walked . Olerud grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Anderson grounded out to third . Hall grounded out to third . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Cameron walked . Winn singled to center , Cameron to second . Bloomquist grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Winn out at second , Cameron to third . Wilson hit sacrifice fly to right , Cameron scored . Suzuki walked , Bloomquist to second . Ugueto hit for Boone . Guillen reached on infield single to pitcher , Bloomquist to third , Suzuki to second . Ugueto walked , Bloomquist scored , Suzuki to third , Guillen to second . Martinez singled to left , Suzuki scored , Guillen to third , Ugueto to second . Cirillo ran for Guillen . Ugueto at second base . Cirillo at third base . Bloomquist at shortstop . Taylor pitching for Mariners . Olerud struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Taylor pitching for Mariners . Crawford struck out looking . Baldelli struck out swinging . Huff fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Backe pitching for Devil Rays . Cameron struck out looking . Winn singled to left . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Mabry in right field . Bloomquist grounded into double play , third to second to first , Winn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Lee struck out looking . Grieve struck out swinging . Rolls struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 2 - Mariners 13 .	Bloomquist goes boom as Mariners harpoon Devil Rays