Devil Rays - Top 1st . May pitching for Royals . Crawford struck out swinging . Perez walked . Baldelli flied out to center . Huff flied out to right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Guiel doubled to right . Randa sacrificed to pitcher , Guiel to third . Beltran walked . Beltran caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop to first . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . May pitching for Royals . Hall flied out to center . Lee flied out to left center . Rolls flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Tucker grounded out to first . Berroa struck out swinging . Relaford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . May pitching for Royals . Sandberg struck out swinging . Lugo struck out swinging . Crawford bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Mayne singled to left center . Brown struck out swinging . Guiel struck out swinging . Randa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . May pitching for Royals . Perez walked . Baldelli reached on bunt single to third , Perez to second . Huff singled to left center , Perez scored , Baldelli to third . Hall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Baldelli scored , Huff out at second . Lee flied out to deep right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Beltran walked . Ibanez doubled to right , Beltran to third . Tucker grounded out to first , Beltran scored , Ibanez to third . Berroa walked . Relaford reached on infield single to pitcher , Ibanez scored , Berroa to second . Mayne walked , Relaford to second . Brown singled to center , Berroa scored , Relaford to third , Mayne to second . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Guiel hit sacrifice fly to left , Relaford scored . Mayne to third , Brown to second on passed ball by Hall . Randa grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 5th . May pitching for Royals . Rolls flied out to left . Sandberg struck out swinging . Lugo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Beltran homered to left center . Ibanez hit by pitch . Tucker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ibanez out at second . Berroa fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . May pitching for Royals . Crawford grounded out to second . Perez flied out to left . Baldelli flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Relaford struck out swinging . Mayne reached on infield single to pitcher . Brown flied out to left . Guiel hit by pitch , Mayne to second . Randa singled to left , Mayne scored , Guiel to third . Beltran singled to center , Guiel scored , Randa to third . Ibanez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . May pitching for Royals . Huff singled to right . Hall popped out to third . Lee doubled to left , Huff scored . Rolls reached on infield single to third , Lee to third . Leskanic pitching for Royals . Anderson hit for Sandberg . Anderson singled to right , Lee scored , Rolls to second . Rolls stole third , Anderson stole second . Lugo doubled to deep left , Rolls and Anderson scored . Crawford reached on infield single to third , Lugo to third . Crawford stole second , Lugo and Crawford scored on throwing error by catcher Mayne . Perez flied out to center . Anderson at second base . Perez at third base . Malaska pitching for Devil Rays . Baldelli grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 7th . Malaska pitching for Devil Rays . Tucker singled to right center . Berroa singled to left center , Tucker to second . Relaford sacrificed to third , Tucker to third , Berroa to second . Mayne singled to center , Tucker scored , Berroa to third , Berroa scored on error by center fielder Baldelli . Brown struck out swinging . Guiel struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Levine pitching for Royals . Huff grounded out to third . Hall popped out to shortstop . Lee reached on infield single to shortstop . Rolls singled to left center , Lee to second . Anderson flied out to deep center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Randa grounded out to third . Beltran walked . Ibanez flied out to shallow left . Tucker singled to right , Beltran to third . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Ibanez in left field . Harvey at first base . Berroa singled to right center , Beltran scored , Tucker to third , Tucker out at third trying to return to base . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Lugo struck out looking . Crawford singled to left . Perez struck out looking . Crawford stole second . Baldelli struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 8 - Royals 10 .	Royals post late rally to edge Devil Rays