Devil Rays - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Crawford grounded out to second . Baldelli struck out swinging . Lee grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Walker doubled to deep center . Garciaparra popped out to second , Walker to third . Mueller reached on infield single to second , Walker scored . Ramirez struck out looking . Ortiz doubled to deep left center , Mueller thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Huff grounded out to pitcher . Sandberg singled to center . LaForest struck out swinging . Anderson walked , Sandberg to second . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Millar flied out to left . Mirabelli struck out looking . Kapler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Lugo singled to center . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lugo safe at third on error by shortstop Garciaparra , Crawford safe at second on error by shortstop Garciaparra . Baldelli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lugo scored . Lee singled to right , Baldelli thrown out at third , Crawford to third . Huff grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Lee out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Jackson singled to left center . Walker singled to right , Jackson to third . Garciaparra singled to left , Jackson scored , Walker to second . Mueller grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Garciaparra out at second , Walker to third . Ramirez hit ground rule double to deep right , Walker scored . Ortiz flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Sandberg singled to left . LaForest doubled to deep right , Sandberg to third . Anderson popped out to third . Hall fouled out to third . Lugo reached on infield single to shortstop , Sandberg scored , LaForest to third . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lugo out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Millar fouled out to third . Mirabelli grounded out to second . Merloni at third base . Kapler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Baldelli hit by pitch . Lee popped out to shortstop . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Baldelli out at second . Sandberg flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Walker popped out to third . Garciaparra flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . LaForest struck out swinging . Anderson flied out to left . Hall grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Merloni flied out to center . Ramirez homered to left . Ortiz struck out swinging . Millar singled to right . Mirabelli struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Lugo grounded out to pitcher . Crawford flied out to center . Baldelli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Kapler flied out to center . Jackson flied out to center . Walker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Lee flied out to left . Huff flied out to right . Sandberg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . Merloni grounded out to third . Ramirez walked . Ortiz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . LaForest safe at first on error by second baseman Walker . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , LaForest out at second . Perez ran for Hall . Kim pitching for Red Sox . Martin hit for Lugo . Hall singled to right center , Anderson to second . Martin walked , Anderson to third , Perez to second . Crawford grounded out to shortstop , Anderson scored , Perez to third , Martin to second . Baldelli flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 3 - Red Sox 4 .	Red Sox edge D - Rays