Yankees - Top 1st . Bedard pitching for Rays . Gardner flied out to center . Jeter singled to center . Ellsbury struck out looking . Soriano popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . DeJesus grounded out to first . Zobrist flied out to left . Joyce grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Bedard pitching for Rays . McCann singled to center . Solarte singled to left , McCann to second . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McCann to third , Solarte to second . Sizemore doubled to deep center , McCann , Solarte and Johnson scored . Suzuki reached on bunt single to third , Sizemore to third . Gardner grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sizemore scored , Suzuki out at second . Jeter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gardner out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . Longoria singled to center . Loney grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Longoria out at second . Myers flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Bedard pitching for Rays . Ellsbury singled to center . Soriano flied out to center . McCann flied out to left . Solarte flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . Forsythe walked . Escobar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Forsythe out at second . Hanigan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Bedard pitching for Rays . Johnson walked . Sizemore struck out looking . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson safe at second on error by shortstop Escobar . Gardner struck out looking . Boxberger pitching for Rays . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 4th . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . DeJesus flied out to center . Zobrist flied out to center . Joyce walked . Longoria singled to left , Joyce to second . Loney doubled to left , Joyce and Longoria scored . Myers reached on infield single to shortstop , Loney to third . Forsythe grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Boxberger pitching for Rays . Ellsbury flied out to left . Soriano walked . McCann flied out to right . Solarte walked , Soriano to second . Johnson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . Escobar struck out swinging . Hanigan lined out to left . DeJesus flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Boxberger pitching for Rays . Sizemore struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to third . McGee pitching for Rays . Gardner flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . Zobrist grounded out to second . Joyce singled to left center . Longoria singled to right , Joyce to second . Loney flied out to center . Myers singled to left center , Joyce scored , Longoria to second . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Forsythe flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . McGee pitching for Rays . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Ellsbury singled to left . Ellsbury stole second . Soriano singled to center , Ellsbury scored . McCann flied out to left . Solarte flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Escobar singled to center . Hanigan lined out to pitcher , Escobar to second . Thornton pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez hit for DeJesus . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar out at third . Zobrist singled to right , Rodriguez to third . Jennings hit for Joyce . Warren pitching for Yankees . Jennings singled to left , Rodriguez scored , Zobrist to third . Guyer ran for Jennings . Longoria walked , Guyer to second . Loney singled to right , Zobrist and Guyer scored , Longoria to third . Myers struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Rodriguez in left field . Guyer in center field . Peralta pitching for Rays . Johnson struck out swinging . Roberts hit for Sizemore . Roberts fouled out to left . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Solarte at third base . Roberts at second base . Warren pitching for Yankees . Forsythe flied out to right . Escobar grounded out to third . Hanigan doubled to center . Rodriguez homered to left center ( 407 feet ) , Hanigan scored . Cabral pitching for Yankees . Zobrist singled to center . Zobrist to second on wild pitch by Cabral . Guyer singled to right , Zobrist scored . Longoria hit by pitch , Guyer to second . Loney hit by pitch , Guyer to third , Longoria to second . Myers singled to left , Guyer and Longoria scored , Loney to third . Forsythe hit by pitch , Myers to second . Kelley pitching for Yankees . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Gomes pitching for Rays . Gardner popped out to shortstop . Jeter struck out looking . Ellsbury struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 5 - Rays 11 .	Rays turn back Yanks