Yankees - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Gardner homered to right center ( 420 feet ) . Jeter singled to center . Ellsbury lined out to center . Teixeira walked , Jeter to second . Beltran popped out to second . McCann grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . McCarthy pitching for Yankees . Choo struck out looking . Andrus struck out looking . Rios doubled to deep left . Beltre walked . Adduci grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Headley flied out to left . Almonte grounded out to second . Ryan flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . McCarthy pitching for Yankees . Arencibia doubled to deep right . Martin grounded out to first , Arencibia to third . Chirinos grounded out to shortstop . Odor popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Gardner doubled to deep right . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gardner out at third . Ellsbury grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Jeter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Yankees . Choo flied out to left . Andrus grounded out to second . Rios singled to left . Beltre singled to center , Rios to third . Adduci singled to center , Rios scored , Beltre to second . Beltre to third on wild pitch by McCarthy . Arencibia doubled to deep left , Beltre and Adduci scored . Martin flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Teixeira grounded out to first . Beltran grounded out to second . McCann popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . McCarthy pitching for Yankees . Chirinos singled to center . Chirinos caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop to first . Odor flied out to left . Choo reached on infield single to second . Andrus singled to right center , Choo to third . Andrus to second on fielder 's indifference . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 5th . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Headley lined out to center . Almonte struck out looking . Ryan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . McCarthy pitching for Yankees . Beltre popped out to shortstop . Adduci grounded out to second . Arencibia homered to right ( 367 feet ) . Martin grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Gardner doubled to right . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop . Ellsbury fouled out to third . Gardner to third , Jeter to second on wild pitch by Martinez . Teixeira walked . Beltran singled to right , Gardner and Jeter scored , Teixeira to third . McCann hit sacrifice fly to center , Teixeira scored . Headley walked , Beltran to second . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Almonte singled to center , Beltran scored , Headley to second . Ryan doubled to deep center , Headley and Almonte scored . Gardner safe at third on error by right fielder Rios , Ryan scored . Jeter struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . McCarthy pitching for Yankees . Chirinos flied out to right . Odor struck out swinging . Choo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Mendez pitching for Rangers . Ellsbury walked . Teixeira walked , Ellsbury to second . Beltran singled to right center , Ellsbury to third , Teixeira to second . McCann fouled out to third . Headley singled to right , Ellsbury scored , Teixeira to third , Beltran to second . Almonte grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Teixeira scored , Headley out at second , Beltran to third . Ryan struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Warren pitching for Yankees . Andrus walked . Rios singled to center , Andrus to third . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Andrus out at home , Rios to third , Beltre to second . Adduci walked . Betances pitching for Yankees . Arencibia homered to left ( 409 feet ) , Rios , Beltre and Adduci scored . Martin tripled to deep right . Chirinos struck out swinging . Odor walked . Choo struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Cotts pitching for Rangers . Gardner singled to right center . Jeter flied out to left . Ellsbury flied out to center . Teixeira homered to left ( 406 feet ) , Gardner scored . Beltran grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Whitley pitching for Yankees . Andrus singled to center . Andrus stole second . Rios grounded out to third , Andrus to third . Beltre grounded out to second , Andrus scored . Adduci struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Adcock pitching for Rangers . McCann flied out to center . Headley walked . Almonte lined out to center . Ryan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Arencibia struck out swinging . Martin singled to center . Martin to second on fielder 's indifference . Chirinos walked . Robertson ran for Chirinos . Odor grounded out to first , Martin to third , Robertson to second . Choo walked . Andrus singled to center , Martin and Robertson scored , Choo to second . Rosales ran for Choo . Rios walked , Rosales to third , Andrus to second . Beltre flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 12 - Rangers 11 .	Yanks ' fireworks trump Rangers '