White Sox - Top 1st . Greene pitching for Yankees . De Aza singled to right . Sanchez singled to right , De Aza to second . Abreu homered to left ( 388 feet ) , De Aza and Sanchez scored . Dunn flied out to right . Garcia flied out to center . Gillaspie walked . Ramirez singled to left , Gillaspie to second . Jor Danks struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Gardner walked . Jeter grounded out to pitcher , Gardner to second . Ellsbury flied out to center . Teixeira grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Greene pitching for Yankees . Flowers reached on infield single to shortstop . De Aza struck out looking . Sanchez singled to center , Flowers to second . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sanchez out at second , Flowers to third . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Prado grounded out to shortstop . McCann singled to right . Headley walked , McCann to second . Cervelli struck out swinging . Wheeler reached on infield single to first , McCann to third , Headley to second . Gardner popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Greene pitching for Yankees . Garcia struck out swinging . Gillaspie struck out swinging . Ramirez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Jeter grounded out to third . Ellsbury singled to right . Teixeira flied out to center . Prado homered to left ( 397 feet ) , Ellsbury scored . McCann struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Greene pitching for Yankees . Jor Danks reached on bunt single to catcher . Flowers grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jor Danks out at second . De Aza grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Headley lined out to second . Cervelli struck out swinging . Wheeler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Greene pitching for Yankees . Sanchez reached on infield single to third . Abreu struck out swinging . Dunn walked , Sanchez to second . Garcia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Gardner hit by pitch . Jeter singled to left , Gardner to second . Ellsbury doubled to deep right , Gardner scored , Jeter to third . Teixeira grounded out to first . Prado struck out swinging . McCann flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Greene pitching for Yankees . Gillaspie hit by pitch . Ramirez singled to left , Gillaspie to second . Kelley pitching for Yankees . Jor Danks struck out swinging . Flowers struck out looking . De Aza singled to left , Gillaspie thrown out at home , Ramirez to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Headley walked . Belisario pitching for White Sox . Cervelli grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Headley out at second . Suzuki hit for Wheeler . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Suzuki in right field . Kelley pitching for Yankees . Sanchez lined out to center . Betances pitching for Yankees . Abreu singled to center . Dunn grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Belisario pitching for White Sox . Gardner singled to right center . Jeter struck out swinging . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Gardner stole second . Ellsbury popped out to third . Teixeira walked . Prado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Betances pitching for Yankees . Garcia struck out swinging . Gillaspie flied out to center . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Putnam pitching for White Sox . McCann flied out to left . Headley grounded out to second . Cervelli popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Jor Danks grounded out to second . Flowers struck out swinging . De Aza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Webb pitching for White Sox . Suzuki singled to center . Gardner sacrificed to first , Suzuki to second . Jeter lined out to center . Ellsbury intentionally walked . Teixeira walked , Suzuki to third , Ellsbury to second . Prado singled to center , Suzuki scored , Ellsbury to third , Teixeira to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 3 - Yankees 4 .	Prado has big hit in 9th , Yankees rally for win