Reds - Top 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Naquin grounded out to first . Winker struck out swinging . Moustakas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Reds . Hampson tripled to deep center . Joe walked . Hampson scored , Joe to first on pickoff error by pitcher Miley . Story struck out swinging . Blackmon singled to center , Joe to second . Fuentes grounded out to shortstop , Blackmon to second , Joe to third . Daza struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 2nd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Suárez flied out to center . Barnhart walked . Farmer lined out to left . Akiyama struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Reds . Díaz grounded out to third . Trejo struck out looking . Márquez doubled to left . Hampson walked . Joe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . India doubled to deep center . India picked off and caught stealing third . Miley walked . Naquin doubled to deep right , Miley to third . Winker grounded out to pitcher , Miley scored , Naquin to third . Moustakas reached on infield single to third , Naquin scored on error , Moustakas safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Fuentes . Suárez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Reds . Story walked . Blackmon singled to right , Story to third . Fuentes singled to right , Story scored , Blackmon to second . Daza reached on infield single to shortstop , Blackmon scored , Fuentes to third . Díaz singled to deep left , Fuentes scored , Daza to third . Trejo struck out swinging . Márquez sacrificed , Daza scored , Márquez to first on fielding error by pitcher Miley , Díaz to second . Hampson reached on bunt single to third , Márquez to second , Díaz to third . Joe grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hampson out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 4th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Barnhart singled to deep right . Farmer struck out swinging . Akiyama grounded out to first , Barnhart to second . India struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Reds . Story singled to shallow left . Blackmon singled to left , Story to second . Fuentes doubled to left , Story scored , Blackmon to third . McMahon ran for Blackmon . Hembree pitching for Reds . Daza doubled to center , Fuentes scored and McMahon scored . Díaz struck out swinging . Trejo struck out swinging . Márquez struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Joe in left field . McMahon at third base . Fuentes at first base . Daza in right field . Blandino hit for Hembree . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Blandino struck out swinging . Naquin popped out to third . Winker singled to center . Moustakas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Hendrix pitching for Reds . Blandino at first base . Hampson struck out swinging . Joe struck out swinging . Story singled to right . Story caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ryan Hendrix pitches to Ryan McMahon . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Suárez struck out swinging . Barnhart singled to right . Farmer grounded into double play , second to first , Barnhart out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Pérez pitching for Reds . McMahon struck out looking . Fuentes walked . Daza singled to right , Fuentes to second . Díaz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Daza out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Akiyama reached on infield single to second . India homered to center ( 451 feet ) , Akiyama scored . Blandino walked . Almonte pitching for Rockies . Naquin flied out to left . Winker grounded into double play , third to second to first , Blandino out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Doolittle pitching for Reds . Trejo lined out to left . Almonte struck out looking . Hampson homered to left ( 456 feet ) . Joe struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Stephenson hit for Doolittle . Almonte pitching for Rockies . Stephenson hit by pitch . Suárez homered to left ( 415 feet ) , Stephenson scored . Barnhart grounded out to second . Farmer grounded out to third . Akiyama singled to center . India grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Akiyama out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Stephenson at first base . Warren pitching for Reds . Blandino at second base . Story walked . McMahon flied out to center . Fuentes struck out swinging , Story stole second . Daza walked . Díaz lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Bard pitching for Rockies . Blandino walked . Naquin grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blandino out at second . Winker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 6 - Rockies 9 .	Hampson homers , triples as Rockies beat Reds 9 - 6