Reds - Top 1st . Gant pitching for Cardinals . India singled to center . Winker homered to right center ( 433 feet ) , India scored . Castellanos grounded out to shortstop . Stephenson walked . Naquin doubled to right , Stephenson to third . Suárez grounded into double play , third to catcher to second , Naquin out at third , Stephenson out at home . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Reds . Edman struck out swinging . Carlson struck out swinging . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop . Arenado singled to center , Goldschmidt to third . O'Neill grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Arenado out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Barnhart walked . Freeman lined out to right . Miley sacrificed to catcher , Barnhart to second . India hit by pitch . Winker homered to right center ( 429 feet ) , Barnhart scored and India scored . Castellanos struck out looking . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Reds . Sosa struck out looking . Rondón grounded out to pitcher . Knizner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Stephenson singled to center . Akiyama hit for Naquin . Akiyama singled to left , Stephenson to second . Suárez doubled to left , Akiyama scored and Stephenson scored . Barnhart flied out to left . Freeman struck out swinging . Miley grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Akiyama in center field . Miley pitching for Reds . Gant struck out swinging . Edman struck out swinging . Carlson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Gant pitching for Cardinals . India lined out to third . Winker walked . Castellanos flied out to left , Winker to second . Stephenson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Reds . Goldschmidt singled to right . Arenado walked , Goldschmidt to second . O'Neill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Arenado out at second , Goldschmidt to third . Sosa grounded out to pitcher , O'Neill to second . Rondón walked . Knizner grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rondón out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Akiyama grounded out to shortstop . Suárez flied out to right . Barnhart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Thomas hit for Miller . Miley pitching for Reds . Thomas struck out swinging . Edman flied out to right . Carlson doubled to deep right . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Rondón pitching for Cardinals . Freeman singled to left center . Payton hit for Miley . Payton flied out to center . India struck out looking . Winker fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Feliz pitching for Reds . Arenado singled to left . O'Neill homered to center ( 427 feet ) , Arenado scored . Sosa walked . Rondón reached on infield single to third , Sosa to second . Knizner singled to center , Rondón to second , Sosa to third . Brach pitching for Reds . Carpenter hit for Rondón . Carpenter doubled to deep center , Sosa scored and Rondón scored , Knizner to third . Edman reached on infield single to pitcher , Knizner scored on error , Carpenter safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Freeman . Edman stole second . Carlson walked . Antone pitching for Reds . Goldschmidt lined into double play , pitcher to first , Carlson doubled off first . Arenado singled to center , Carpenter scored and Edman scored . O'Neill popped out to second . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 7th . Gallegos pitching for Cardinals . Castellanos grounded out to shortstop . Stephenson fouled out to first . Akiyama singled to left . Suárez flied out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Hendrix pitching for Reds . Sosa grounded out to third . Rondón singled to right . Rondón out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Knizner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Gallegos pitching for Cardinals . Barnhart struck out swinging . Freeman grounded out to second . Heineman hit for Hendrix . Heineman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Hembree pitching for Reds . Nogowski hit for Gallegos . Nogowski struck out swinging . Edman grounded out to first . Carlson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . India grounded out to shortstop . Winker homered to right ( 393 feet ) . Castellanos struck out swinging . Stephenson walked . Akiyama struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Sims pitching for Reds . Freeman at first base . Farmer at shortstop . Goldschmidt singled to deep right . Arenado hit ground rule double to deep left , Goldschmidt to third . O'Neill popped out to second . Sosa struck out swinging . Rondón struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 8 - Cardinals 7 .	Winker 's 3 homers lift Reds over Cards 8 - 7 for 4 - game sweep