Cubs - Top 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Theriot reached on infield single to shortstop. Bradley reached on bunt single to first, Theriot to second. Lee singled to shallow right, Theriot to third, Bradley to second. Ramirez singled to left, Theriot and Bradley scored, Lee to second. Baker singled to right, Lee to third, Ramirez to second. Soto doubled to deep right, Lee and Ramirez scored, Baker to third. Fukudome doubled to left, Baker and Soto scored. Scales reached on infield single to shortstop, Fukudome to third. Dempster sacrificed to pitcher, Scales to second. Theriot grounded out to shortstop, Fukudome scored. Bradley flied out to left. 7 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Hoffpauir in right field. Dempster pitching for Cubs. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Vazquez singled to right. Jones struck out swinging. Milledge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vazquez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Baker singled to right. Soto walked, Baker to second. Fukudome grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Pearce doubled to deep right. LaRoche singled to center, Pearce scored. Cedeno reached on infield single to shortstop, LaRoche to second. Jaramillo struck out swinging. Duke sacrificed to catcher, LaRoche to third, Cedeno to second. McCutchen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Scales grounded out to third. Dempster grounded out to second. Theriot struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Vazquez grounded out to second. Jones homered to right center. Milledge flied out to right. Pearce flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Hoffpauir homered to right center. Lee reached on infield single to third. Ramirez flied out to right. Baker singled to right, Lee to second. Soto flied out to right. Fukudome struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Dempster pitching for Cubs. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. Cedeno grounded out to second. Jaramillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Vasquez pitching for Pirates. Cruz at shortstop. Cedeno in right field. Scales grounded out to first. Dempster fouled out to right. Theriot singled to right. Hoffpauir struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Cruz grounded out to pitcher. McCutchen fouled out to first. Vazquez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Vasquez pitching for Pirates. Lee fouled out to right. Ramirez flied out to right. Baker flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Jones grounded out to first. Milledge grounded out to third. Pearce walked. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Vasquez pitching for Pirates. Soto walked. Fukudome walked, Soto to second. Scales flied out to left, Soto to third, Fukudome to second. Dempster singled to left center, Soto scored, Fukudome to third. Theriot grounded into double play, to first, Dempster doubled off first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Walker hit for Vasquez. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Walker singled to right. Jaramillo singled to left, Walker to second. Cruz flied out to center. McCutchen singled to left, Walker to third, Jaramillo to second. Vazquez walked, Walker scored, Jaramillo to third, McCutchen to second. Gorzelanny pitching for Cubs. Jones hit sacrifice fly to center, Jaramillo scored. Guzman pitching for Cubs. Milledge grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Dumatrait pitching for Pirates. Hoffpauir grounded out to first. Lee flied out to center. Ramirez safe at first on error by third baseman LaRoche. Baker walked, Ramirez to second. Soto popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Guzman pitching for Cubs. Pearce walked. LaRoche popped out to third. Young hit for Dumatrait. Young walked, Pearce to second. Grabow pitching for Cubs. Young hit for Dumatrait. Young walked, Pearce to second. Grabow pitching for Cubs. Jaramillo grounded out to third, Pearce to third, Young to second. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Veal pitching for Pirates. Fukudome struck out swinging. Scales flied out to center. Fox hit for Grabow. Fox grounded out to shortstop. Fox hit for Grabow. Fox grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Caridad pitching for Cubs. Fuld in left field. McCutchen struck out looking. Vazquez reached on infield single to shortstop. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Vazquez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 9 - Pirates 4.	Cubs start with MLB-record 8 hits in victory