Reds - Top 1st. Wells pitching for Cubs. Stubbs popped out to third. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. Votto popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Cueto pitching for Reds. Fukudome grounded out to first. Theriot reached on infield single to third. Lee flied out to center. Ramirez walked, Theriot to second. Bradley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Wells pitching for Cubs. Phillips flied out to right. Rolen grounded out to shortstop. Gomes walked. Rosales grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Cueto pitching for Reds. Soto grounded out to third. Scales grounded out to first. Blanco lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Wells pitching for Cubs. Miller singled to right. Cueto sacrificed to first, Miller to second, Cueto safe at first on error by first baseman Lee. Stubbs grounded into fielder's choice to third, Miller scored on throwing error by third baseman Ramirez, Cueto safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Ramirez. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cueto out at home. Votto grounded into fielder's choice to first, Stubbs to third, McDonald safe at second on error by shortstop Theriot. Phillips singled to center, Stubbs scored, McDonald to third, Votto to second. Rolen popped out to shortstop. Gomes fouled out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 3 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Cueto pitching for Reds. Wells grounded out to third. Fukudome grounded out to second. Theriot grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Wells pitching for Cubs. Rosales singled to right. Miller popped out to second. Cueto sacrificed to first, Rosales to second. Stubbs reached on infield single to shortstop, Rosales to third. McDonald singled to center, Rosales scored, Stubbs to third. Votto safe at first on error by first baseman Lee, Stubbs scored, McDonald to second. Phillips walked, McDonald to third, Votto to second. Rolen walked, McDonald scored, Votto to third, Phillips to second. Patton pitching for Cubs. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rolen out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Lee grounded out to third. Ramirez flied out to right. Bradley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Patton pitching for Cubs. Rosales walked. Miller struck out looking. Cueto struck out swinging. Rosales stole second. Stubbs flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Soto walked. Scales struck out looking. Blanco struck out swinging. Fox hit for Patton. Fox hit by pitch, Soto to second. Fukudome grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fox out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. McDonald lined out to third. Votto walked. Phillips grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Votto out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Cueto pitching for Reds. Theriot walked. Lee singled to right center, Theriot to third. Ramirez singled to right center, Theriot scored, Lee to second. Bradley flied out to center, Lee to third. Soto doubled to deep left center, Lee scored, Ramirez to third. Herrera pitching for Reds. Scales hit sacrifice fly to center, Ramirez scored. Blanco walked. Baker hit for Samardzija. Ramirez pitching for Reds. Baker flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Gregg pitching for Cubs. Baker at second base. Rolen singled to center. Gomes grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rolen out at second. Rosales walked. Miller flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Reds. Fukudome walked. Theriot flied out to right. Lee walked, Fukudome to second. Masset pitching for Reds. Janish at shortstop. Ramirez reached on infield single to first, Fukudome to third, Lee to second. Bradley struck out swinging. Soto doubled to deep center, Fukudome and Lee scored, Ramirez thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Grabow pitching for Cubs. Janish struck out swinging. Stubbs grounded out to third. McDonald singled to left. Votto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Rhodes pitching for Reds. Scales flied out to right. Miles hit for Grabow. Miles flied out to center. Baker grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Marmol pitching for Cubs. Phillips singled to center. Rolen grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Phillips out at second. Gomes walked. Barker hit for Rhodes. Barker walked, Gomes to second. Sutton hit for Miller. Sutton doubled to deep right, Gomes and Barker scored. Janish hit by pitch. Stubbs struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Hanigan catching. Cordero pitching for Reds. Sutton in left field. Fukudome grounded out to first. Theriot flied out to right. Lee grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 7 - Cubs 5.	Reds' pinch-hit double drops Marmol, Cubs