Brewers - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Lopez struck out swinging. Hart safe at first on error by shortstop Theriot. Braun struck out swinging. Hart caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Theriot struck out swinging. Fukudome flied out to center. Lee singled to right. Ramirez singled to left, Lee to second. Soto walked, Lee to third, Ramirez to second. Bradley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Fielder struck out swinging. McGehee flied out to center. Cameron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Fontenot walked. Scales struck out swinging, Fontenot stole second. Zambrano flied out to center. Theriot singled to right, Fontenot scored. Fukudome struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Escobar tripled to deep right. Gallardo struck out looking. Lopez walked. Hart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Lee walked. Ramirez popped out to shortstop. Lee to second on wild pitch by Gallardo. Soto flied out to right. Bradley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Braun struck out swinging. Fielder walked. Fielder to second on wild pitch by Zambrano. McGehee struck out swinging. Cameron flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Fontenot reached on infield single to pitcher. Scales doubled to deep right, Fontenot to third. Zambrano hit sacrifice fly to center, Fontenot scored. Theriot walked. Fukudome flied out to center. Lee doubled to deep left center, Scales and Theriot scored. Ramirez grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Kendall fouled out to first. Escobar popped out to second. Gallardo singled to deep left. Lopez walked, Gallardo to second. Hart doubled to deep center, Gallardo and Lopez scored. Braun singled to left, Hart scored. Braun to second on wild pitch by Zambrano. Fielder intentionally walked. McGehee reached on infield single to shortstop, Braun to third, Fielder to second. Cameron singled to center, Braun and Fielder scored, McGehee to third. Kendall struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Soto homered to left. Bradley grounded out to second. Fontenot grounded out to first. Scales struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Heilman pitching for Cubs. Escobar fouled out to first. Gallardo struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Miles hit for Heilman. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Miles grounded out to second. Theriot walked. Theriot stole second. Theriot safe at third on throwing error by catcher Kendall. Fukudome hit by pitch. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Lee walked, Fukudome to second. Ramirez hit by pitch, Theriot scored, Fukudome to third, Lee to second. Soto singled to center, Fukudome and Lee scored, Ramirez to second. Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Bradley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ramirez scored on throwing error by first baseman Fielder, Soto safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Fielder. Fontenot singled to left, Soto scored, Bradley to second. Scales grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Fontenot out at second. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Gregg pitching for Cubs. Hart bunt popped out to pitcher. Braun grounded out to shortstop. Fielder flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Baker hit for Gregg. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Baker singled to right. Baker to second on passed ball by Kendall. Theriot walked. Smith pitching for Brewers. Fukudome walked, Baker to third, Theriot to second. Lee walked, Baker scored, Theriot to third, Fukudome to second. Ramirez flied out to left. Soto struck out looking. Bradley hit by pitch, Theriot scored, Fukudome to third, Lee to second. Fontenot struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Caridad pitching for Cubs. Baker at third base. Gamel hit for McGehee. Gamel walked. Patterson hit for Cameron. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gamel out at second. Rivera hit for Kendall. Rivera flied out to left. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Patterson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Catalanotto at second base. Gamel at third base. Patterson in center field. Rivera catching. Axford pitching for Brewers. Scales flied out to left. Baker singled to right. Theriot walked, Baker to second. Baker to third, Theriot to second on wild pitch by Axford. Fukudome struck out swinging. Lee walked. Hoffpauir hit for Caridad. Hoffpauir walked, Baker scored, Theriot to third, Lee to second. Soto flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Gerut hit for Axford. Gerut singled to center. Catalanotto tripled to deep right, Gerut scored. Hart grounded out to second, Catalanotto scored. Braun walked. Fielder popped out to second. Braun to second on fielder's indifference. Gamel struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 7 - Cubs 13.	Brewers walk 12, hit three batters, lose to Cubs