Cubs - Top 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Theriot walked. Fukudome struck out looking. Lee grounded into double play, second to first, Theriot out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Schumaker doubled to right. Rasmus bunt popped out to pitcher. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Holliday reached on infield single to third, Schumaker to third. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez grounded out to third. Hoffpauir singled to right. Soto grounded out to second, Hoffpauir to second. Baker flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Dempster pitching for Cubs. DeRosa popped out to first. Molina singled to right. Ryan reached on infield single to third, Molina to second. Molina out at third on runner's fielder's choice, Ryan to second on runner's fielder's choice. Carpenter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Scales singled to right. Dempster sacrificed to third, Scales to second. Theriot struck out looking. Fukudome grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. Rasmus flied out to left. Pujols walked. Holliday grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez singled to center. Hoffpauir singled to center, Ramirez to second. Soto grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hoffpauir out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Ludwick struck out swinging. DeRosa struck out looking. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Baker singled to center. Scales singled to right, Baker to second. Dempster bunted into fielder's choice to third, Baker out at third, Scales to second. Theriot flied out to right. Fukudome walked, Scales to third, Dempster to second. Lee flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Ryan homered to left. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. Schumaker singled to center. Rasmus grounded into fielder's choice to second, Schumaker out at second. Pujols grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez flied out to right. Hoffpauir fouled out to third. Soto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Holliday struck out looking. Ludwick struck out swinging. DeRosa struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Baker grounded out to shortstop. Scales struck out looking. Dempster popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Molina singled to right. Ryan grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Molina out at second. Carpenter doubled to left. Schumaker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Theriot singled to center. Fukudome lined out to right. Lee singled to left, Theriot to second. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lee out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Rasmus struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to third. Holliday lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Hoffpauir singled to right. Fuld ran for Hoffpauir. Soto singled to center, Fuld to third. Taguchi ran for Soto. Baker hit sacrifice fly to right, Fuld scored. Scales grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Taguchi out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Fukudome in right field. Fuld in center field. Hill catching. Marmol pitching for Cubs. Ludwick singled to center. DeRosa bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ludwick out at second. Molina singled to left, DeRosa to third. Ryan singled to left, DeRosa scored, Molina to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 1 - Cardinals 2.	Cardinals defeat Cubs in 9th inning yet again