White Sox - Top 1st . Keuchel pitching for Braves . García singled to left . Anderson grounded out to second , García to second . Abreu lined out to second . Moncada singled to left , García scored , Moncada to second . Jiménez reached on infield single to third , Moncada to third . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jiménez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Albies singled to deep center . Swanson doubled to left , Albies scored . Freeman flied out to center . Swanson to third on passed ball by Castillo . Donaldson lined out to shortstop . Joyce walked . Flowers reached on infield single to third , Swanson scored , Joyce to second . Ortega singled to shallow right center , Joyce scored , Flowers to third . Hamilton hit ground rule double to deep right center , Flowers scored , Ortega to third . Keuchel singled to center , Ortega scored and Hamilton scored . Cordero pitching for White Sox . Albies walked , Keuchel to second . Swanson struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Keuchel pitching for Braves . Sánchez singled to shallow center . Engel singled to left , Sánchez to second . Cordero sacrificed to catcher , Engel to second , Sánchez to third . García grounded out to pitcher . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Cordero pitching for White Sox . Freeman hit by pitch . Donaldson singled to left , Freeman to second . Joyce singled to right , Freeman scored , Donaldson to second . Flowers lined into double play , third to second , Donaldson doubled off second . Ortega grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Joyce out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Keuchel pitching for Braves . Abreu hit by pitch . Moncada struck out swinging . Jiménez reached on infield single to third , Abreu to second . Castillo singled to center , Abreu scored , Jiménez to second . Sánchez fouled out to first . Engel grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Cordero pitching for White Sox . Hamilton flied out to right . Keuchel struck out swinging . Albies struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Cordell hit for Cordero . Keuchel pitching for Braves . Cordell fouled out to catcher . García grounded out to second . Anderson doubled to center . Abreu hit by pitch . Moncada grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Osich pitching for White Sox . Swanson walked . Freeman flied out to left . Donaldson struck out looking . Joyce grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Keuchel pitching for Braves . Jiménez struck out swinging . Castillo struck out swinging . Sánchez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Osich pitching for White Sox . Flowers struck out swinging . Ortega struck out swinging . Hamilton singled to center . Keuchel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Keuchel pitching for Braves . Engel singled to right . Osich sacrificed to third , Engel to second . García grounded out to third . Anderson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Albies reached on infield single to third . Swanson struck out swinging . Culberson hit for Freeman . Culberson fouled out to first . Donaldson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Culberson at first base . Martin pitching for Braves . Abreu singled to left . Moncada safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Martin , Abreu to second . Jiménez singled to left , Abreu scored , Moncada to second . Castillo grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jiménez out at second , Moncada to third . Sánchez doubled to center , Moncada scored . Sánchez scored on error by right fielder Joyce , Engel safe at third on error by right fielder Joyce . Newcomb pitching for Braves . Skole hit for Santiago . Skole lined out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Joyce grounded out to second . Flowers walked . Ortega singled to left , Flowers to second . Hamilton walked , Ortega to second , Flowers to third . Acuña Jr. hit for Newcomb . Herrera pitching for White Sox . Acuña Jr. hit sacrifice fly to left , Flowers scored . Hamilton to second on balk , Ortega to third on balk . Hamilton to second on balk , Ortega to third on balk . Albies intentionally walked . Swanson walked , Ortega scored , Albies to second , Hamilton to third . Hamilton scored on Herrera wild pitch , Swanson to second on wild pitch by Herrera , Albies to third on wild pitch by Herrera . Culberson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Swarzak pitching for Braves . Acuña Jr. in right field . García flied out to left . Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop . Abreu grounded into double play , third to second to first , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Herrera pitching for White Sox . Donaldson homered to left center ( 410 feet ) . Hechavarria hit for Swarzak . Hechavarria struck out swinging . Flowers struck out swinging . Ortega flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Tomlin pitching for Braves . Moncada flied out to left . Jiménez lined out to third . Castillo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Braves 11 .	Keuchel 's rare 2 - run single helps Braves top White Sox 11 - 5