Royals - Top 1st . Keller pitching for Pirates . Merrifield grounded out to second . Santana walked . Pérez struck out swinging . Soler doubled to right center , Santana scored . Benintendi walked . Dozier tripled to center , Soler scored and Benintendi scored . Taylor struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Minor pitching for Royals . Frazier struck out swinging . Evans popped out to shortstop . Reynolds grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Keller pitching for Pirates . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Minor grounded out to pitcher . Merrifield walked . Santana lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Minor pitching for Royals . Frazier walked . González grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Frazier out at second . Stallings grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , González out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Keller pitching for Pirates . Pérez doubled to deep right . Soler lined out to left . Benintendi walked . Dozier walked , Benintendi to second , Pérez to third . Poppen pitching for Pirates . Taylor walked , Pérez scored , Dozier to second , Benintendi to third . Lopez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Taylor out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Minor pitching for Royals . Difo lined out to third . Newman singled to left . Poppen struck out bunting foul . Frazier singled to shallow left , Newman to second . Evans walked , Frazier to second , Newman to third . Reynolds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Poppen pitching for Pirates . Minor struck out swinging . Merrifield singled to right . Santana singled to shallow right center , Merrifield to third . Pérez singled to deep right , Merrifield scored , Santana to third . Soler singled to center , Santana scored , Pérez to second . Benintendi walked , Soler to second , Pérez to third . Dozier grounded into double play , third to second to first , Benintendi out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Minor pitching for Royals . Frazier walked . González homered to left ( 453 feet ) , Frazier scored . Stallings homered to left center ( 402 feet ) . Difo struck out swinging . Newman struck out swinging . Polanco hit for Poppen . Polanco struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Stratton pitching for Pirates . Taylor popped out to second . Lopez flied out to left . Minor flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Minor pitching for Royals . Frazier fouled out to third . Evans safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lopez , Evans safe at second on error . Reynolds reached on infield single to second , Evans to third . Frazier doubled to deep right , Evans scored and Reynolds scored . Zimmer pitching for Royals . González popped out to shortstop . Frazier to third on wild pitch by Zimmer . Stallings walked . Difo walked , Stallings to second . Newman flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 6th . Stratton pitching for Pirates . Merrifield singled to shallow right center . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Merrifield safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Frazier . Pérez struck out swinging . Soler doubled to deep right center , Merrifield scored , Santana to third . Benintendi doubled to left , Santana scored and Soler scored . Dozier struck out swinging . Taylor grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Brentz pitching for Royals . Alberto at third base . Tom hit for Stratton . Tom walked . Frazier grounded out to third , Tom to second . Evans walked . Reynolds struck out swinging . Zuber pitching for Royals . Frazier popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Holmes pitching for Pirates . Lopez grounded out to second . Alberto reached on infield single to third . Merrifield struck out swinging . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alberto out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Zuber pitching for Royals . González grounded out to first . Stallings flied out to right . Difo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Holmes pitching for Pirates . Pérez singled to right . Soler struck out looking . Benintendi struck out swinging . Zuber struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Dyson in right field . Zuber pitching for Royals . Newman grounded out to second . Moran hit for Holmes . Moran flied out to left . Frazier doubled to right . Evans singled to right , Frazier scored . Staumont pitching for Royals . Reynolds grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Frazier in left field . Crick pitching for Pirates . Frazier at third base . González at shortstop . Newman at second base . Moran at first base . Taylor grounded out to pitcher . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Alberto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Staumont pitching for Royals . Frazier fouled out to catcher . González struck out swinging . Stallings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 9 - Pirates 6 .	Soler 's three hits , three RBIs lead Royals over Pirates 9 - 6