Cardinals - Top 1st . Brubaker pitching for Pirates . Edman struck out swinging . Carlson doubled to deep right . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop , Carlson to third . Arenado doubled to left , Carlson scored . DeJong struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Frazier grounded out to first . González grounded out to third . Reynolds grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Brubaker pitching for Pirates . O'Neill struck out looking . Knizner singled to center . Bader struck out swinging . Gant lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Moran lined out to left . Stallings walked . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Stallings out at second . Polanco stole second , Polanco safe at third on throwing error by catcher Knizner . Newman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Brubaker pitching for Pirates . Edman singled to shallow center . Carlson struck out swinging . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Arenado doubled to left , Edman scored . DeJong lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Tom walked . Brubaker sacrificed into double play , pitcher to second to second to shortstop , Tom out at third . Frazier singled to shallow left . González grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Brubaker pitching for Pirates . O'Neill homered to center ( 426 feet ) . Knizner lined out to center . Bader singled to left . Gant sacrificed to pitcher , Bader to second . Edman grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds walked . Moran walked , Reynolds to second . Stallings struck out looking . Polanco lined out to left . Newman singled to left , Reynolds scored , Moran to second . Tom struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Brubaker pitching for Pirates . Carlson grounded out to second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Arenado lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Difo hit for Brubaker . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Difo singled to deep right . Frazier walked , Difo to second . González grounded into double play , catcher to third , Frazier to second , Difo out at third . Reynolds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Underwood Jr. pitching for Pirates . DeJong lined out to left . O'Neill singled to right . O'Neill stole second . Knizner walked . Bader flied out to center . Carpenter hit for Gant . Carpenter homered to right center ( 398 feet ) , O'Neill scored and Knizner scored . Edman flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Moran lined out to third . Stallings walked . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Stallings out at second . Newman singled to right center , Polanco to third . Tom walked , Newman to second . Frazier hit for Underwood Jr. Whitley pitching for Cardinals . Polanco scored on balk , Tom to second on balk , Newman to third on balk . Newman scored on Whitley wild pitch , Tom to third on wild pitch by Whitley . Frazier walked . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Bednar pitching for Pirates . Carlson struck out swinging . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Arenado lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Cabrera pitching for Cardinals . González grounded out to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . Moran grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Bednar pitching for Pirates . DeJong grounded out to third . O'Neill singled to right . Knizner grounded out to second , O'Neill to second . Bader struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Cabrera pitching for Cardinals . Stallings flied out to center . Polanco struck out swinging . Newman lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Holmes pitching for Pirates . Williams hit for Cabrera . Williams hit by pitch . Edman hit by pitch , Williams to second . Carlson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Edman out at second , Williams to third . Williams scored on error , Goldschmidt safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Frazier . Arenado grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Helsley pitching for Cardinals . Tom walked . Evans hit for Holmes . Evans struck out looking . Frazier grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tom out at second . González grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Pirates 3 .	Carpenter hits another pinch homer as Cardinals beat Pirates