Cardinals - Top 1st . Cahill pitching for Pirates . Edman doubled to right . Carlson struck out swinging . Goldschmidt singled to right , Edman scored . Arenado walked , Goldschmidt to second . DeJong homered to left center ( 416 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored and Arenado scored . O'Neill struck out swinging . Knizner fouled out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Frazier grounded out to second . Evans struck out looking . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Cahill pitching for Pirates . Bader grounded out to third . Flaherty grounded out to pitcher . Edman reached on infield single to second . Carlson bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Moran singled to center . Polanco doubled to deep right , Moran to third . Newman walked . Tom hit sacrifice fly to left , Moran scored . Perez grounded out to first , Newman to second , Polanco to third . Cahill struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Cahill pitching for Pirates . Goldschmidt walked . Arenado singled to right , Goldschmidt to third . DeJong lined out to third . O'Neill singled to shallow left , Goldschmidt scored , Arenado to second . Knizner struck out looking . Bader struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Frazier flied out to right . Evans walked . Reynolds reached on infield single to second , Evans to third . Moran singled to right , Evans scored , Reynolds to third . Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop , Reynolds scored , Moran to second . Newman struck out swinging . Tom lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Cahill pitching for Pirates . Flaherty grounded out to second . Edman grounded out to second . Carlson doubled to deep right . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Perez flied out to left . Cahill struck out swinging . Frazier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Cahill pitching for Pirates . Arenado grounded out to second . DeJong grounded out to second . O'Neill grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Evans lined out to right . Reynolds struck out swinging . Moran struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Cahill pitching for Pirates . Knizner grounded out to shortstop . Bader walked . Howard pitching for Pirates . Bader stole second , Bader safe at third on throwing error by catcher Perez . Flaherty struck out swinging . Edman fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Polanco struck out swinging . Newman lined out to center . Tom reached on infield single to third . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Howard pitching for Pirates . Carlson walked . Goldschmidt singled to left , Carlson to second . Underwood Jr. pitching for Pirates . Arenado doubled to center , Goldschmidt scored and Carlson scored . DeJong grounded out to third . O'Neill popped out to second . Knizner grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Hicks pitching for Cardinals . Difo hit for Underwood Jr. Difo grounded out to pitcher . Frazier doubled to right . Evans grounded out to second , Frazier to third . Cabrera pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds doubled to deep left center , Frazier scored . Moran singled to left , Reynolds scored . Polanco lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Stratton pitching for Pirates . Bader flied out to right . Carpenter hit for Cabrera . Carpenter grounded out to second . Edman singled to left . Carlson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Gallegos pitching for Cardinals . Newman struck out swinging . Tom struck out swinging . Perez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Poppen pitching for Pirates . Goldschmidt doubled to left . Arenado tripled to deep right center , Goldschmidt scored . DeJong grounded out to second . O'Neill singled to center , Arenado scored . Knizner grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , O'Neill safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Poppen , O'Neill safe at third on error . Bader grounded out to third , O'Neill scored , Knizner to second . Williams hit for Gallegos . Williams homered to center ( 419 feet ) , Knizner scored . Edman reached on infield single to third . Carlson struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Whitley pitching for Cardinals . Frazier hit for Poppen . Frazier flied out to left . Frazier grounded out to first . Evans grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 12 - Pirates 5 .	Flaherty goes to 5 - 0 , DeJong homers as Cards beat Pirates