Pirates - Top 1st . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Tucker struck out looking . Newman flied out to right . Reynolds lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Kranick pitching for Pirates . Robert singled to center . Moncada grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Robert out at second . Abreu lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Moran struck out swinging . Stallings flied out to right . Tsutsugo doubled to deep right . Difo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Kranick pitching for Pirates . Jiménez grounded out to second . Grandal singled to left center . Goodwin popped out to third . García grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grandal out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Alford grounded out to third . Park fouled out to third . Tucker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Kranick pitching for Pirates . Sheets hit by pitch . Hernandez struck out swinging . Robert hit ground rule double to deep left , Sheets to third . Moncada grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sheets out at home . Abreu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Newman struck out looking . Reynolds walked . Moran singled to center , Reynolds to second . Stallings grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Moran out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Kranick pitching for Pirates . Jiménez grounded out to second . Grandal walked . Goodwin flied out to center . García singled to shallow center , Grandal to second . Sheets homered to right ( 370 feet ) , Grandal scored and García scored . Hernandez singled to center . Robert flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Tsutsugo grounded out to first . Difo reached on infield single to catcher . Difo to second on wild pitch by Rodón . Alford struck out swinging . Park reached on infield single to first , Difo to third . Tucker singled to right , Difo scored , Park to second . Newman grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Kranick pitching for Pirates . Moncada reached on infield single to third . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Moncada out at second . Jiménez walked , Abreu to second . Grandal grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Abreu scored on throwing error by shortstop Newman , Jiménez out at second . Goodwin singled to right , Grandal to second . Banda pitching for Pirates . García doubled to left , Grandal scored , Goodwin to third . Sheets lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 6th . López pitching for White Sox . Reynolds lined out to left . Moran fouled out to third . Stallings lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Banda pitching for Pirates . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Robert flied out to right . Moncada walked . Abreu hit by pitch , Moncada to second . Jiménez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Tsutsugo struck out swinging . Difo grounded out to shortstop . Alford homered to left center ( 430 feet ) . Park struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Miller pitching for Pirates . Grandal doubled to deep left center . Goodwin struck out looking . García lined into double play , second to shortstop , Grandal doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Tepera pitching for White Sox . Tucker doubled to deep left center . Newman struck out swinging . Reynolds hit by pitch . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Moran struck out swinging . Stallings singled to left , Tucker scored , Reynolds to second . Tsutsugo popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Underwood Jr. pitching for Pirates . Sheets homered to center ( 424 feet ) . Hernandez fouled out to left . Robert lined out to center . Moncada grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Difo flied out to center . Alford flied out to center . Park struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 3 - White Sox 6 .	Rookie Sheets hits 2 HRs , White Sox beat Pirates 6 - 3