Reds - Top 1st . Peters pitching for Pirates . India grounded out to second . Farmer struck out swinging . Castellanos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Reds . Hayes singled to center . Newman sacrificed to catcher , Hayes to second . Reynolds walked . Tsutsugo singled to right center , Hayes scored , Reynolds to third . Tsutsugo picked off and caught stealing second . Stallings singled to right , Reynolds scored . Alford safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Suárez , Stallings to second . Gamel singled to right , Stallings scored , Alford to third . Difo grounded out to catcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 2nd . Peters pitching for Pirates . Votto struck out swinging . Suárez singled to right . Aquino struck out swinging . DeShields singled to shallow left , Suárez to second . Barnhart flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Reds . Peters struck out swinging . Hayes reached on infield single to third . Newman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hayes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Peters pitching for Pirates . Miley grounded out to shortstop . India grounded out to third . Farmer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Reds . Reynolds grounded out to third . Tsutsugo flied out to right . Stallings flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Peters pitching for Pirates . Castellanos struck out swinging . Votto doubled to left . Suárez walked . Aquino struck out swinging . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suárez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Reds . Alford flied out to center . Gamel doubled to deep left . Difo reached on infield single to first . Peters bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Difo to second , Gamel out at third . Hayes grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Peters pitching for Pirates . Barnhart lined out to left . Miley grounded out to first . India singled to shallow right . Farmer singled to left , India to second . Castellanos lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Reds . Newman singled to center . Reynolds walked , Newman to second . Tsutsugo reached on infield single to catcher , Newman scored and Reynolds scored on throwing error by left fielder Aquino , Tsutsugo to second . Stallings doubled to left , Tsutsugo scored . Alford grounded out to third . Wilson pitching for Reds . Gamel flied out to center , Stallings to third . Difo flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 6th . Mears pitching for Pirates . Votto walked . Suárez singled to left , Votto to second . Aquino struck out looking . Schrock hit for DeShields . Schrock singled to right , Suárez to second , Votto to third . Barnhart singled to right , Suárez scored and Votto scored , Schrock to second . Moustakas hit for Wilson . Moustakas singled to right center , Barnhart to second , Schrock to third . India grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Schrock scored , Moustakas out at second , Barnhart to third . Farmer singled to right center , Barnhart scored , India to third . Castellanos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Farmer out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Cessa pitching for Reds . Suárez at shortstop . Aquino in center field . Schrock in left field . Moustakas at third base . Park hit for Mears . Park grounded out to first . Hayes struck out swinging . Newman lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Shreve pitching for Pirates . Votto lined out to right . Suárez flied out to left . Aquino lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Cessa pitching for Reds . Reynolds struck out swinging . Tsutsugo lined out to center . Stallings grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Stephenson hit for Schrock . Shreve pitching for Pirates . Stephenson popped out to shortstop . Barrero hit for Barnhart . Barrero grounded out to third . Moustakas flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Garrett pitching for Reds . Aquino in left field . Stephenson catching . Barrero in center field . Alford struck out swinging . Gamel struck out looking . Difo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Stratton pitching for Pirates . India struck out swinging . Cabrera hit for Garrett . Cabrera flied out to right . Castellanos homered to center ( 421 feet ) . Votto struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 5 - Pirates 6 .	Miley struggles , Reds ' skid continues with 6 - 5 loss to Bucs