Braves - Top 1st . Leiter pitching for Mets . Derosa grounded out to shortstop . Giles popped out to second . Jones popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Matsui walked . Gutierrez doubled to left , Matsui to third . Spencer grounded out to second , Matsui scored , Gutierrez to third . Piazza grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gutierrez out at home . Phillips struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Leiter pitching for Mets . Jones flied out to left . Franco walked . Marrero struck out swinging . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Franco out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Wigginton lined out to shortstop . McEwing grounded out to second . Duncan grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Leiter pitching for Mets . Garcia popped out to second . Ramirez flied out to left . Derosa walked . Derosa caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Giles batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Leiter walked . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Leiter out at second . Matsui to second on balk by Ramirez . Gutierrez grounded out to pitcher , Matsui to third . Spencer singled to center , Matsui scored . Piazza grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Leiter pitching for Mets . Giles walked . Jones flied out to center . Jones flied out to center . Giles stole second . Franco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Phillips grounded out to third . Wigginton flied out to right . McEwing grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Leiter pitching for Mets . Marrero singled to right . Perez struck out swinging . Garcia bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Marrero out at second . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Duncan grounded out to catcher . Leiter doubled to deep center . Matsui singled to right center , Leiter to third . Gutierrez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Leiter pitching for Mets . Derosa singled to right . Giles singled to left , Derosa to second . Weathers pitching for Mets . Jones flied out to left . Jones walked , Derosa to third , Giles to second . Franco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Spencer lined out to shortstop . Piazza singled to center . Phillips walked , Piazza to second . Wigginton grounded into double play , first to shortstop to third to shortstop , Phillips out at second , Piazza out at third , Wigginton to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Weathers pitching for Mets . Marrero struck out swinging . Perez singled to left . Garcia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Perez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . McEwing singled to center . Zeile hit for Weathers . Duncan bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , McEwing out at second . Zeile grounded out to second , Duncan to second . Matsui intentionally walked . Moreno pitching for Mets . Wise hit for Ramirez . Gutierrez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Moreno pitching for Mets . Wise grounded out to first . Derosa flied out to right . Alfonseca pitching for Braves . Giles lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Alfonseca pitching for Braves . Spencer walked . Wilson ran for Piazza . Piazza singled to center , Spencer to third . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Spencer out at home , Wilson to second . Garcia hit for McEwing . Wigginton popped out to first . Nitkowski pitching for Braves . Garcia singled to center , Wilson scored , Phillips to second , Phillips to third advancing on throw . Cameron hit for Moreno . Duncan singled to left , Phillips scored , Garcia to second . Spencer in left field . Wilson catching . Garcia in right field . Looper pitching for Mets . Cameron grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Duncan out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Looper pitching for Mets . Jones struck out swinging . Jones flied out to center . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 0 - Mets 4 .	Mets use Leiter touch to shut out Braves