Braves - Top 1st . Estes pitching for Rockies . Hollins doubled to left . Derosa sacrificed to first , Hollins to third . Giles hit sacrifice fly to center , Hollins scored . Jones singled to left . Drew lined out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Gonzalez singled to right . Gonzalez stole second . Clayton sacrificed into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez to third . Helton safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Giles , Gonzalez scored , Clayton to third . Castilla doubled to deep right center , Clayton scored , Helton to third . Johnson flied out to right , Castilla to third . Holliday grounded out to pitcher . Pellow flied out to right . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Estes pitching for Rockies . Franco singled to right . Perez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Franco out at second . Garcia singled to center . Ramirez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Hocking grounded out to second . Estes singled to center . Gonzalez safe at first on error by third baseman Derosa , Estes to second . Clayton walked , Estes to third , Gonzalez to second . Estes scored , Gonzalez to third , Clayton to second on balk by Ramirez . Helton hit sacrifice fly to left , Gonzalez scored . Castilla singled to left , Clayton scored . Johnson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Estes pitching for Rockies . Hollins grounded out to third . Derosa flied out to center . Giles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Holliday walked . Pellow flied out to center . Hocking safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Derosa , Holliday to second . Estes bunt popped out to first . Gonzalez lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Estes pitching for Rockies . Jones flied out to center . Drew singled to center . Franco walked , Drew to second . Perez lined into double play , pitcher to first , Franco out at first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Clayton grounded out to second . Helton singled to center . Castilla walked , Helton to second . Alfonseca pitching for Braves . Johnson struck out swinging . Holliday safe at first on error by third baseman Derosa , Helton to third , Castilla to second . Pellow reached on infield single to third , Helton scored , Castilla to third , Holliday to second , Castilla scored , Holliday to third on throwing error by third baseman Derosa . Hocking grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Hampton hit for Alfonseca . Estes pitching for Rockies . Garcia flied out to left . Hampton grounded out to second . Hollins singled to left . Cruz pitching for Braves . Derosa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Cruz pitching for Braves . Estes lined out to left . Gonzalez singled to right . Clayton struck out swinging . Helton walked , Gonzalez to second . Castilla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Estes pitching for Rockies . Giles homered to right . Jones grounded out to third . Drew doubled to deep left . Franco grounded out to second , Drew to third . Wise in center field . Perez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Cruz pitching for Braves . Johnson struck out looking . Holliday singled to right . Pellow struck out swinging . Hocking walked , Holliday to second . Estes reached on infield single to second , Holliday to third , Hocking to second , Holliday scored , Hocking to third , Estes to second on throwing error by second baseman Giles . Gonzalez homered to left , Hocking and Estes scored . Clayton flied out to right . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Hessman hit for Cruz . Estes pitching for Rockies . Garcia reached on infield single to shortstop . Hessman doubled to deep right , Garcia scored , Hessman to third advancing on throw . Hollins grounded out to shortstop , Hessman scored . Derosa struck out swinging . Cunnane pitching for Braves . Hessman at third base . Giles fouled out to right . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Helton popped out to second . Castilla struck out looking . Johnson singled to center . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Holliday popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Wise grounded out to second . Drew flied out to right . Franco lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Pellow hit by pitch . Hawpe hit for Fassero . Hocking singled to right , Pellow to third . Hawpe struck out swinging . Miles hit for Clayton . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Miles reached on infield single to third , Pellow scored , Hocking to second . Gonzalez at shortstop . Miles at second base . Sweeney at first base . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Pellow catching . Hawpe in right field . Helton singled to left , Miles tagged out at third , Hocking to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Perez singled to right center . Garcia struck out swinging . Hessman struck out swinging . Hollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 4 - Rockies 13 .	Rockies roll to win as seven errors sink Braves