Braves - Top 1st . Riley pitching for Orioles . Furcal struck out swinging . Marrero flied out to left . Drew popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Wright pitching for Braves . Roberts struck out looking . Newhan grounded out to second . Tejada lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Riley pitching for Orioles . Jones doubled to deep left . Franco struck out swinging . Jones struck out looking . Estrada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Wright pitching for Braves . Palmeiro flied out to right . Lopez lined out to right . Bigbie singled to left . Matos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bigbie out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Riley pitching for Orioles . Derosa grounded out to shortstop . Garcia singled to right , Derosa to second . Furcal bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Derosa out at third , Garcia to second . Marrero grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Furcal out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Wright pitching for Braves . Hairston Jr singled to left . Machado struck out looking . Roberts singled to left , Hairston Jr to second . Newhan grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hairston Jr to third , Roberts safe at second on error by second baseman Garcia . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hairston Jr scored , Newhan out at second , Roberts to third . Palmeiro singled to left , Roberts scored , Tejada to second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Palmeiro out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 4th . Riley pitching for Orioles . Drew walked . Jones struck out swinging . Franco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Drew out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Wright pitching for Braves . Bigbie struck out swinging . Matos singled to center . Matos caught stealing second , catcher to second . Hairston Jr lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Riley pitching for Orioles . Jones flied out to right . Estrada singled to center . Derosa hit by pitch , Estrada to second . Garcia flied out to center . Furcal flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Wright pitching for Braves . Machado doubled to deep right . Machado picked off second . Roberts struck out looking . Newhan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Riley pitching for Orioles . Marrero struck out swinging . Drew struck out swinging . Jones flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Wright pitching for Braves . Tejada grounded out to third . Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop . Lopez singled to center . Bigbie reached on infield single to shortstop , Lopez to second . Matos doubled to deep right , Lopez and Bigbie scored . Hairston Jr intentionally walked . Matos stole third , Hairston Jr stole second . Machado walked . McConnell pitching for Braves . Roberts singled to left center , Matos and Hairston Jr scored , Machado to second . Newhan singled to right , Machado scored , Roberts to third . Alfonseca pitching for Braves . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Newhan out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Riley pitching for Orioles . Franco singled to right . Hessman ran for Franco . Jones doubled to deep left , Hessman to third . Estrada singled to left , Hessman scored , Jones to third . DeJean pitching for Orioles . Thomas hit for Garcia . Derosa popped out to second . Thomas flied out to left . Hessman at first base . Green at second base . Cruz pitching for Braves . Furcal fouled out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Cruz pitching for Braves . Palmeiro flied out to left . Lopez flied out to right . Bigbie singled to center . Matos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . DeJean pitching for Orioles . Marrero singled to center . Drew homered to right center , Marrero scored . Grimsley pitching for Orioles . Jones singled to right . Hessman grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Jones safe at third on error by pitcher Grimsley . Jones struck out swinging . Estrada singled to right , Jones scored , Hessman to second . Derosa singled to shallow right , Hessman scored , Estrada to second . Green doubled to deep center , Estrada scored , Derosa to third . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Furcal reached on infield single to shortstop , Derosa scored , Green to third . Marrero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Green scored , Furcal out at second . Drew struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Gibbons hit for Machado . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Hairston Jr fouled out to right . Gibbons grounded out to first . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Roberts safe at second on error by center fielder Jones . Lopez catching . Newhan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 9th . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Jones flied out to center . Hessman struck out looking . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Tejada doubled to deep left . Palmeiro grounded out to second . Lopez struck out swinging . Bigbie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 8 - Orioles 7 .	Braves rally past O 's on strength of 7 - run 8th