Brewers - Top 1st . Hampton pitching for Braves . Counsell grounded out to second . Hall grounded out to shortstop . Jenkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Santos pitching for Brewers . Furcal struck out swinging . Giles flied out to center . Drew flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Overbay walked . Clark doubled to deep left , Overbay scored , Clark out at third . Helms singled to left . Bennett singled to left , Helms to second . Podsednik grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bennett out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Santos pitching for Brewers . Estrada hit by pitch . LaRoche homered to right , Estrada scored . Jones walked . Thomas struck out swinging . Derosa fouled out to first . Hampton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Santos grounded out to second . Counsell lined out to third . Hall doubled to left . Jenkins reached on infield single to pitcher , Hall to third . Overbay grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jenkins out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Santos pitching for Brewers . Furcal singled to center . Giles reached on infield single to third , Furcal to second . Drew singled to right center , Furcal scored , Giles to second . Estrada grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Drew out at second , Giles to third . LaRoche struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Clark singled to right . Helms grounded into double play , third to second to first , Clark out at second . Bennett reached on infield single to second . Podsednik singled to center , Bennett to second . Santos grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Santos pitching for Brewers . Jones flied out to right . Thomas doubled to shortstop . Derosa grounded out to third . Hampton reached on infield single to first , Thomas to third . Furcal grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Counsell grounded out to pitcher . Hall grounded out to shortstop . Jenkins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Santos pitching for Brewers . Giles singled to left . Drew walked , Giles to second . Estrada grounded out to second , Giles to third , Drew to second . LaRoche intentionally walked . Jones struck out swinging . Bennett pitching for Brewers . Thomas singled to center , Giles and Drew scored , LaRoche to third , Thomas to second advancing on throw . Derosa safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Helms , LaRoche and Thomas scored . Hampton lined out to right . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 6th . Gryboski pitching for Braves . Overbay doubled to left . Clark grounded out to second , Overbay to third . Helms grounded out to third . Bennett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Bennett pitching for Brewers . Furcal struck out looking . Giles struck out swinging . Drew homered to center . Perez ran for Estrada . Estrada hit by pitch . LaRoche reached on infield single to shortstop , Perez to second . Perez catching . Cruz pitching for Braves . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LaRoche out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Grieve hit for Bennett . Cruz pitching for Braves . Podsednik grounded out to second . Grieve walked . Counsell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grieve out at second . Hall doubled to deep left , Counsell scored . Wise pitching for Brewers . Jenkins struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Wise pitching for Brewers . Thomas flied out to left . Derosa singled to right . Burba pitching for Brewers . Cruz struck out swinging . Furcal singled to left , Derosa to second . Green at second base . Giles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Cruz pitching for Braves . Overbay grounded out to second . Clark flied out to center . Helms struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Burba pitching for Brewers . Drew struck out swinging . Perez grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche homered to right . Jones walked . Thomas reached on infield single to shortstop , Jones to second . Franco hit for Cruz . Derosa singled to right , Jones scored , Thomas to third . Alfonseca pitching for Braves . Franco struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Alfonseca pitching for Braves . Bennett doubled to left . Magruder hit for Burba . Podsednik singled to left , Bennett to third . Magruder hit sacrifice fly to center , Bennett scored . Podsednik to second on wild pitch by Alfonseca . Counsell lined into double play , center to shortstop , Podsednik doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Braves 10 .	LaRoche 's 2 HRs power Braves past Brewers