Indians - Top 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Bourn walked. Swisher struck out swinging. Kipnis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bourn out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Salazar pitching for Indians. Kinsler flied out to right. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Santana grounded out to first. Brantley struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Salazar pitching for Indians. Martinez lined out to second. Jackson struck out swinging. Castellanos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Murphy walked. Gomes grounded into double play, second to first, Murphy out at second. Chisenhall singled to center. Bourn singled to center, Chisenhall to second. Swisher walked, Chisenhall to third, Bourn to second. Kipnis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Aviles at second base. Salazar pitching for Indians. Avila struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Davis singled to right. Kinsler fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Santana struck out swinging. Brantley flied out to center. Cabrera reached on bunt single to pitcher, Cabrera to second on throwing error by pitcher Verlander. Murphy singled to center, Cabrera scored. Gomes struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Hunter grounded out to third. Cabrera singled to center. Martinez singled to center, Cabrera to third. Jackson hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored. Castellanos flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Chisenhall singled to left center. Bourn grounded into fielder's choice to first, Chisenhall out at second. Swisher flied out to right. Aviles safe at first on error by third baseman Castellanos, Bourn to third. Aviles stole second. Santana walked. Brantley singled to right, Bourn and Aviles scored, Santana to third, Brantley to second advancing on throw. Cabrera struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Avila walked. Gonzalez walked, Avila to second. Davis popped out to third. Kinsler homered to left center (412 feet), Avila and Gonzalez scored. Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop. Cabrera doubled to left, Hunter to third. Martinez intentionally walked. Jackson hit sacrifice fly to left, Hunter scored. Lee pitching for Indians. Castellanos walked, Cabrera to third, Martinez to second. Avila flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Coke pitching for Tigers. Murphy popped out to shortstop. Gomes safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Gonzalez. Chisenhall singled to right, Gomes to second. Bourn grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chisenhall out at second, Gomes to third. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Bourn stole second. Swisher flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Lee pitching for Indians. Gonzalez flied out to left. Davis hit by pitch. Kinsler singled to right center, Davis scored. Wood pitching for Indians. Kinsler stole second. Kinsler caught stealing third, catcher to third. Hunter flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 7th. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Aviles walked. Aviles stole second. Santana struck out swinging. Krol pitching for Tigers. Brantley homered to right (369 feet), Aviles scored. Cabrera reached on infield single to pitcher. Murphy flied out to center. Chamberlain pitching for Tigers. Gomes struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Shaw pitching for Indians. Cabrera flied out to center. Martinez grounded out to second. Jackson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Chamberlain pitching for Tigers. Chisenhall singled to center. Bourn grounded into fielder's choice to second, Chisenhall out at second. Swisher struck out swinging. Bourn caught stealing second, catcher to second. Aviles batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Atchison pitching for Indians. Castellanos singled to center. Romine ran for Castellanos. Avila struck out swinging, Romine stole second, Romine to third on throwing error by catcher Gomes. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Davis reached on infield single to second, Romine scored. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davis out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 9th. Romine at shortstop. Gonzalez at third base. Nathan pitching for Tigers. Aviles fouled out to first. Santana struck out looking. Brantley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 5 - Tigers 7.	Kinsler's 4 RBI push Tigers past Indians