Yankees - Top 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Gardner singled to left. Jeter grounded out to third, Gardner to second. Ellsbury grounded out to catcher. Teixeira struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Greene pitching for Yankees. Kipnis popped out to shortstop. Cabrera hit by pitch. Cabrera caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Brantley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. McCann doubled to right. Roberts doubled to deep left, McCann scored. Suzuki singled to left, Roberts to third, Suzuki thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Johnson walked. Cervelli hit by pitch, Johnson to second. Gardner singled to left, Roberts scored, Johnson to third, Cervelli to second. Jeter walked, Johnson scored, Cervelli to third, Gardner to second. Ellsbury grounded into double play, first to catcher, Cervelli out at home. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Greene pitching for Yankees. Santana grounded out to third. Chisenhall lined out to left. Swisher grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Teixeira walked. McCann singled to right, Teixeira to second. Crockett pitching for Indians. Roberts flied out to right, Teixeira to third. Suzuki reached on infield single to first, Teixeira scored, McCann to second. McCann to third, Suzuki to second on balk by Crockett. Johnson hit by pitch. Cervelli grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCann scored, Johnson out at second, Suzuki to third. Gardner struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Greene pitching for Yankees. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. Gomes popped out to first. Dickerson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Jeter grounded out to third. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Teixeira flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Greene pitching for Yankees. Kipnis grounded out to first. Cabrera grounded out to second. Brantley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. McCann singled to right. Roberts singled to right, McCann to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Roberts out at second, McCann to third. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to first, McCann out at home, Suzuki to second. Cervelli struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Greene pitching for Yankees. Santana struck out swinging. Chisenhall flied out to center. Swisher homered to left (396 feet). Murphy struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Gardner grounded out to first. Jeter singled to left. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jeter out at second. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Greene pitching for Yankees. Gomes grounded out to third. Dickerson singled to center. Kipnis grounded out to second, Dickerson to second. Cabrera singled to shallow left center, Dickerson scored. Brantley reached on infield single to first, Cabrera to second. Santana flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Rzepczynski pitching for Indians. McCann struck out swinging. Roberts popped out to second. Suzuki reached on infield single to second. Wheeler hit for Johnson. Wheeler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Wheeler at third base. Huff pitching for Yankees. Chisenhall popped out to second. Swisher struck out swinging. Raburn hit for Murphy. Raburn grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Raburn in right field. Pestano pitching for Indians. Cervelli flied out to center. Gardner singled to center. Gardner caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Jeter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Huff pitching for Yankees. Gomes homered to left (390 feet). Aviles hit for Dickerson. Betances pitching for Yankees. Aviles grounded out to pitcher. Kipnis safe at first on error by second baseman Roberts. Cabrera popped into double play, third to first, Kipnis doubled off first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 9th. Aviles in left field. Axford pitching for Indians. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Teixeira grounded out to second. McCann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Betances pitching for Yankees. Brantley singled to center. Santana struck out swinging. Chisenhall lined out to right. Swisher flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 5 - Indians 3.	Greene gets first win as Yankees beat Indians 5-3