Brewers - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Podsednik reached on infield single to first . Podsednik stole second . Hall flied out to left . Spivey popped out to shortstop . Jenkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Kinney pitching for Brewers . Womack singled to left . Lankford singled to center , Womack to third . Pujols grounded into double play , third to second to first , Womack scored , Lankford out at second . Edmonds walked . Rolen singled to left , Edmonds to second . Renteria flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Overbay struck out swinging . Helms singled to right center . Grieve safe at first on error by shortstop Renteria , Helms to second . Bennett struck out swinging . Kinney singled to right , Helms scored , Grieve to second . Podsednik lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Kinney pitching for Brewers . Sanders grounded out to shortstop . Matheny singled to right . Williams struck out swinging . Womack singled to right , Matheny to second , Matheny to second , Womack to second on error by right fielder Grieve . Lankford flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Hall reached on infield single to third . Spivey grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hall out at second . Jenkins walked . Overbay doubled to right , Jenkins to third . Helms singled to center , Jenkins and Overbay scored . Grieve flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Kinney pitching for Brewers . Pujols hit ground rule double to left . Edmonds grounded out to pitcher , Pujols to third . Rolen grounded out to second , Pujols scored . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Renteria struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Bennett doubled to deep center . Kinney grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bennett out at third . Podsednik grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kinney out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Kinney pitching for Brewers . Sanders flied out to right . Matheny popped out to shortstop . Eldred struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Hall grounded out to shortstop . Spivey flied out to center . Jenkins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Kinney pitching for Brewers . Womack grounded out to first . Lankford struck out swinging . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Overbay struck out looking . Helms hit ground rule double to deep center . Grieve flied out to right . Bennett singled to center , Helms scored . Kinney singled to left , Bennett to second . Lincoln pitching for Cardinals . Podsednik walked , Bennett to third , Kinney to second . Hall flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Kinney pitching for Brewers . Edmonds homered to right . Rolen lined out to second . Renteria flied out to right . Sanders struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Lincoln pitching for Cardinals . Spivey grounded out to third . Jenkins flied out to left . Hernandez pitching for Brewers . Overbay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Anderson hit for Lincoln . Hernandez pitching for Brewers . Matheny singled to center . Anderson singled to right , Matheny to second . Womack reached on bunt single to catcher , Matheny to third , Anderson to second . Lankford grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Matheny out at home , Anderson to third , Womack to second . Pujols hit sacrifice fly to right , Anderson scored , Womack to third . Edmonds reached on infield single to second , Womack scored , Lankford to second . Rolen homered to left , Lankford and Edmonds scored . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Renteria grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Helms grounded out to shortstop . Grieve grounded out to second . Kieschnick hit for Hernandez . Bennett singled to left . Kieschnick walked , Bennett to second . King pitching for Cardinals . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Podsednik grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kieschnick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Sanders doubled to deep center . Taguchi hit for King . Matheny sacrificed to catcher , Sanders to third . Taguchi doubled to left , Sanders scored . Womack flied out to right , Taguchi to third . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi in right field . Lankford grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Hall fouled out to first . Spivey struck out swinging . Jenkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 4 - Cardinals 9 .	Cards bullpen holds Brewers in comeback win