Cardinals - Top 1st . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Womack reached on infield single to third . Lankford grounded into double play , third to second to first , Womack out at second . Pujols homered to left . Edmonds grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Finley singled to center . Alomar reached on infield single to second , Finley to second . Gonzalez doubled to deep right center , Finley scored , Alomar to third . Sexson grounded out to third . Cintron singled to right , Alomar and Gonzalez scored . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Cintron out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Rolen singled to left . Renteria flied out to right . Sanders homered to left , Rolen scored . Matheny doubled to deep left . Carpenter grounded out to shortstop , Matheny to third . Womack reached on infield single to second , Matheny scored . Lankford batting . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Bautista flied out to center . Mayne flied out to center . Daigle struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Lankford homered to center . Pujols popped out to second . Edmonds doubled to left . Rolen homered to right center , Edmonds scored . Renteria flied out to center . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanders homered to left . Matheny reached on infield single to shortstop . Carpenter grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Finley walked . Alomar grounded out to second , Finley to second . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop , Finley to third . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Womack doubled to deep right . Lankford flied out to center , Womack to third . Pujols walked . Edmonds struck out swinging . Pujols to second on wild pitch by Good . Rolen singled to center , Womack and Pujols scored . Rolen caught stealing second , catcher to first to second . Renteria batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Bautista singled to center . Mayne flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Renteria singled to left . Sanders struck out swinging . Matheny struck out swinging . Carpenter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Good grounded out to shortstop . Sadler hit for Alomar . Finley homered to right . Sadler singled to left . Sadler at second base . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Womack doubled to deep right . Lankford walked . Pujols grounded into double play , second to first , Lankford out at second , Womack to third . Edmonds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Sexson struck out swinging . Cintron homered to center . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Bautista fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Rolen flied out to right . Renteria grounded out to third . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Sanders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Colbrunn hit for Good . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Mayne doubled to right . Colbrunn singled to left , Mayne to third . Finley hit sacrifice fly to right , Mayne scored . Lincoln pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi in right field . Sadler struck out swinging . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez doubled to deep right , Colbrunn tagged out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Matheny struck out swinging . Taguchi popped out to second . Womack struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Lincoln pitching for Cardinals . Sexson struck out swinging . Cintron flied out to left . Hillenbrand grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Lankford doubled to deep right . Pujols intentionally walked . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Edmonds doubled to deep center , Lankford and Pujols scored . Rolen grounded out to third . Anderson hit for Lincoln . Renteria hit sacrifice fly to left , Edmonds scored . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Anderson in left field . Anderson grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Baerga hit for Valverde . Mayne flied out to right . Baerga singled to center . Finley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 13 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Cardinals hit five homers off rookie Daigle , win