Cardinals - Top 1st . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Womack fouled out to third . Lankford walked . Pujols grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lankford out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Finley doubled to deep right center . Kata sacrificed to pitcher , Finley to third . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to right , Finley scored . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Edmonds flied out to center . Rolen flied out to left . Renteria doubled to deep left . Sanders singled to center , Renteria scored . Sanders stole second . Matheny grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Cintron grounded out to first . Hillenbrand popped out to second . Bautista grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Morris struck out swinging . Womack grounded out to second . Lankford homered to left . Pujols grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Mayne fouled out to third . Sparks grounded out to third . Finley lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Edmonds walked . Rolen homered to left , Edmonds scored . Renteria singled to right . Sanders flied out to right . Matheny flied out to right . Morris grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Renteria out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Kata grounded out to first . Gonzalez popped out to second . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Womack reached on bunt single to pitcher . Lankford doubled to right , Womack to third . Womack scored , Lankford to third on passed ball by Mayne . Pujols safe at first on error by third baseman Hillenbrand . Edmonds hit sacrifice fly to center , Lankford scored . Rolen struck out looking . Renteria doubled to right , Pujols to third . Sanders grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Cintron flied out to center . Hillenbrand walked . Bautista grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hillenbrand out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Matheny popped out to second . Morris struck out swinging . Womack popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Alomar hit for Sparks . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Mayne singled to right . Alomar grounded out to first , Mayne to second . Finley grounded out to second , Mayne to third . Kata singled to shallow right , Mayne scored . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Lankford doubled to shallow left . Pujols intentionally walked . Edmonds struck out looking . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Rolen homered to left , Lankford and Pujols scored . Renteria doubled to left . Renteria to third on passed ball by Mayne . Sanders singled to deep right , Renteria scored . Matheny grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sanders out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Sexson lined out to shortstop . Cintron lined out to left . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Luna hit for Womack . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Morris struck out swinging . Luna doubled to deep center . Lankford struck out looking . Taguchi hit for Edmonds . Pujols intentionally walked . Luna at second base . Anderson in left field . Taguchi in center field . McKay at third base . Cedeno in right field . Taguchi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Bautista singled to right . Baerga hit for Randolph . Mayne grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bautista out at second . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Baerga struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . McKay struck out swinging . Simontacchi hit for Cedeno . Renteria grounded out to pitcher . Anderson in right field . Simontacchi in left field . Simontacchi grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Finley popped out to shortstop . Kata doubled to right . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Kata to third . Sexson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 10 - Diamondbacks 2 .	Rolling Rolen , Cards pummel Diamondbacks