Cardinals - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Womack struck out swinging . Taguchi popped out to second . Pujols homered to left center . Rolen singled to center . Renteria reached on infield single to shortstop , Rolen to second . Sanders struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Finley popped out to second . Alomar flied out to left . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Luna struck out swinging . Matheny grounded out to third . Marquis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Sexson grounded out to third . Cintron walked . Kata struck out swinging . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cintron out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Womack doubled to left . Taguchi sacrificed to pitcher , Womack to third . Pujols grounded out to shortstop , Womack scored . Rolen struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Mayne singled to center . Johnson sacrificed to first , Mayne to second . Finley grounded out to shortstop . Alomar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Renteria walked . Sanders walked , Renteria to second . Luna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanders out at second , Renteria to third . Matheny doubled to left , Renteria scored , Luna to third . Marquis hit sacrifice fly to right , Luna scored , Matheny to third . Womack walked . Womack stole second . Taguchi walked . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Womack out at third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop . Sexson walked , Gonzalez to second . Cintron grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sexson out at second , Gonzalez to third . Kata popped out to shortstop . Bautista singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Cintron to second . Mayne struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Rolen flied out to left . Renteria grounded out to second . Sanders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Johnson struck out swinging . Finley grounded out to third . Alomar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Luna grounded out to second . Matheny tripled to deep right . Marquis grounded out to pitcher . Womack struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez popped out to second . Sexson lined out to shortstop . Cintron singled to left center . Kata grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Taguchi singled to left . Pujols doubled to left , Taguchi scored . Rolen lined out to second . Pujols caught stealing third , catcher to third . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Renteria grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Bautista singled to right center . Baerga hit for Johnson . King pitching for Cardinals . Mayne singled to right , Bautista to second . Baerga walked , Bautista to third , Mayne to second . Finley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bautista out at home , Mayne to third , Baerga to second . Alomar singled to left , Mayne scored , Baerga to third , Finley to second . Lincoln pitching for Cardinals . Edmonds in center field . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Baerga scored , Alomar out at second , Finley to third , Gonzalez to first , Finley scored , Gonzalez to second on error by second baseman . Sexson singled to center , Gonzalez scored . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Cintron grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sexson out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 8th . Lankford hit for Luna . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanders struck out swinging . Lankford struck out swinging . Matheny singled to left . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Edmonds doubled to center , Matheny to third . Lankford in left field . Womack struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Lincoln pitching for Cardinals . Kata popped out to shortstop . Bautista lined out to second . Hart hit for Lincoln . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Anderson hit for Hart . Mayne grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Anderson homered to right . Pujols flied out to right . Rolen struck out swinging . Renteria walked . Anderson in right field . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Colbrunn hit for Mantei . Sanders lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Sadler ran for Colbrunn . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Colbrunn walked . Finley sacrificed to first , Sadler to second . Alomar flied out to left . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Sexson walked , Sadler to third , Gonzalez to second . Cintron grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Diamondbacks 5 .	D'Backs rally , but Cards win in St. Louis sweep