Cardinals - Top 1st . Glavine pitching for Mets . Anderson flied out to center . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Pujols singled to shallow left . Rolen doubled to deep right center , Pujols scored . Edmonds singled to center , Rolen scored . Sanders grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Valent grounded out to shortstop . Matsui lined out to third . Floyd singled to left . Piazza grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Floyd out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Lankford struck out looking . Matheny homered to left . Morris struck out looking . Anderson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Wigginton grounded out to third . Phillips homered to left . Cameron grounded out to shortstop . McEwing grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Renteria bunt grounded out to catcher . Pujols struck out looking . Rolen reached on infield single to shortstop . Edmonds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Glavine grounded out to third . Valent singled to center . Matsui grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Valent out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Sanders grounded out to second . Lankford grounded out to second . Matheny lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Floyd struck out swinging . Piazza flied out to center . Wigginton walked . Phillips lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Morris struck out looking . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Renteria singled to right center . Pujols reached on infield single to shortstop , Renteria to second . Rolen singled to left , Renteria scored , Pujols to second . Edmonds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Cameron singled to left . McEwing popped out to third . Glavine sacrificed to catcher , Cameron to second . Valent fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Sanders struck out swinging . Lankford safe at second on error by first baseman Piazza . Matheny grounded out to second , Lankford to third . Morris lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 6th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Matsui doubled to center . Floyd homered to left center , Matsui scored . Piazza singled to left . Wigginton struck out looking . Phillips singled to right center , Piazza to second . Cameron grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Phillips out at second , Piazza to third . Moreno pitching for Mets . McEwing grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cameron out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Moreno pitching for Mets . Anderson popped out to second . Renteria popped out to second . Spencer hit for Moreno . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Spencer grounded out to shortstop . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Valent safe at second on error by left fielder Lankford . Matsui popped out to shortstop . Bottalico pitching for Mets . Floyd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 8th . Bottalico pitching for Mets . Rolen walked . Edmonds flied out to center . Sanders grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rolen out at second . Sanders to second on wild pitch by Bottalico . Lankford intentionally walked . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi in left field . Matheny grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lankford out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Piazza popped out to second . Wigginton grounded out to third . Porter hit for Taguchi . Phillips flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Bottalico pitching for Mets . Porter singled to center . Anderson bunt popped into double play , catcher to second , Porter doubled off first . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Porter in left field . Renteria grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Cameron walked . Garcia hit for Bottalico . McEwing sacrificed to catcher , Cameron to second . Garcia walked . Valent struck out swinging . Matsui singled to shallow right , Cameron scored , Garcia to third . Matsui to second on fielder 's indifference . Floyd singled to right , Garcia scored , Matsui to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Mets 5 .	Two in 9th push Mets to fifth win in last six