Astros - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Biggio grounded out to pitcher . Everett singled to left . Bagwell doubled to deep right center , Everett tagged out at home , Bagwell to third advancing on throw . Kent walked . Berkman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Redding pitching for Astros . Womack singled to center . Renteria grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Womack out at second . Pujols popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Lamb struck out swinging . Hidalgo hit ground rule double to deep right . Ausmus struck out looking . Redding struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Redding pitching for Astros . Rolen singled to center . Edmonds flied out to center . Sanders doubled to left , Rolen to third . Mabry singled to left , Rolen scored , Sanders to third . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sanders out at home , Mabry to second . Marquis singled to center , Mabry scored , Molina to second . Womack grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Marquis out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Biggio singled to right . Everett singled to center , Biggio to second . Bagwell struck out swinging . Kent singled to left , Biggio to third , Everett to second . Berkman singled to center , Biggio and Everett scored , Kent tagged out at third . Lamb struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Redding pitching for Astros . Renteria singled to center . Pujols singled to left center , Renteria to third . Rolen popped out to second . Edmonds singled to left , Renteria scored , Pujols to second . Sanders flied out to center , Pujols to third . Mabry flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Hidalgo struck out swinging . Ausmus fouled out to first . Redding grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Redding pitching for Astros . Molina grounded out to first . Marquis bunt grounded out to pitcher . Womack popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Biggio grounded out to shortstop . Everett flied out to right . Bagwell singled to right . Kent singled to left , Bagwell to second . Berkman doubled to deep center , Bagwell and Kent scored . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Redding pitching for Astros . Renteria walked . Pujols doubled to deep right , Renteria to third . Gallo pitching for Astros . Rolen walked . Edmonds doubled to deep left center , Renteria , Pujols and Rolen scored . Sanders flied out to left . Mabry popped out to second . Cedeno hit for Marquis . Molina intentionally walked . Cedeno singled to left , Edmonds scored , Molina to second . Harville pitching for Astros . Ensberg at third base . Womack reached on infield single to shortstop , Molina to third , Cedeno to second . Calero pitching for Cardinals . Renteria lined out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Calero pitching for Cardinals . Hidalgo grounded out to first . Ausmus struck out swinging . Ensberg flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Harville pitching for Astros . Pujols singled to left . Rolen reached on infield single to shortstop , Pujols to second . Edmonds struck out swinging . Sanders struck out looking . Mabry singled to right , Pujols scored , Rolen to third . Molina singled to left , Rolen scored , Mabry to second . Calero struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Calero pitching for Cardinals . Biggio flied out to center . Everett grounded out to second . Stone pitching for Astros . Vizcaino at shortstop . Bagwell lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Stone pitching for Astros . Womack homered to right . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Pujols singled to center . Rolen struck out swinging . Taguchi in right field . Edmonds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Calero pitching for Cardinals . Kent grounded out to shortstop . Berkman flied out to right . Vizcaino grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Stone pitching for Astros . Taguchi grounded out to third . Mabry flied out to center . Lankford hit for Calero . Molina struck out swinging , Molina safe at first on wild pitch by Stone . Lankford singled to right center , Molina to third . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Womack grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Hidalgo struck out looking . Ausmus reached on infield single to third . Ensberg grounded out to second , Ausmus to second . Biggio flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 4 - Cardinals 10 .	Pained Edmunds sparks Cards to sixth straight