Cardinals - Top 1st . Gobble pitching for Royals . Cedeno flied out to center . Lankford struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . DeJesus struck out swinging . Graffanino grounded out to shortstop . Sweeney singled to center . Harvey hit by pitch , Sweeney to second . Stairs walked , Sweeney to third , Harvey to second . Relaford struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Gobble pitching for Royals . Rolen singled to right . Renteria singled to left , Rolen to second . Sanders safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Berroa , Rolen to third , Renteria to second . Luna flied out to right . Matheny singled to center , Rolen and Renteria scored , Sanders to third . Taguchi hit sacrifice fly to left , Sanders scored , Matheny to second . Cedeno struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Berroa struck out swinging . Brown grounded out to third . Castillo doubled to left . DeJesus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Gobble pitching for Royals . Lankford flied out to right . Pujols flied out to center . Rolen hit by pitch . Renteria singled to left , Rolen to second . Sanders singled to left , Rolen scored , Renteria to second . Luna singled to center , Renteria scored , Sanders to third . Matheny flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Graffanino lined out to left . Randa hit for Harvey . Sweeney grounded out to third . Randa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Taguchi flied out to left . Cedeno walked . Lankford grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cedeno out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Stairs singled to center . Relaford reached on infield single to pitcher , Stairs to second . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Stairs to third , Relaford to second . Brown hit sacrifice fly to left , Stairs scored , Relaford to third , Berroa to second . Castillo safe at first on error by shortstop Renteria , Relaford scored , Berroa to third . DeJesus popped out to second . Graffanino singled to center , Berroa scored , Castillo to second . Sweeney flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Pujols struck out swinging . Rolen singled to left center . Huisman pitching for Royals . Renteria singled to center , Rolen to second . Sanders singled to left , Rolen scored , Renteria to second . Luna reached on infield single to shortstop , Renteria to third , Sanders to second . Matheny singled to left , Renteria and Sanders scored , Luna to third . Taguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Luna scored , Matheny out at second . Cedeno singled to left , Taguchi to second . Lankford flied out to left . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Randa singled to right . Stairs singled to right , Randa to second . Relaford flied out to left . Berroa hit by pitch , Randa to third , Stairs to second . Brown popped out to shortstop . Castillo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Huisman pitching for Royals . Pujols grounded out to third . Rolen flied out to right . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Renteria grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . DeJesus singled to left . Graffanino struck out swinging , DeJesus stole second . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . Randa popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Huisman pitching for Royals . Sanders struck out swinging . Luna grounded out to third . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Matheny grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Stairs grounded out to pitcher . Relaford grounded out to shortstop . Camp pitching for Royals . Berroa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Camp pitching for Royals . Taguchi singled to right . Cedeno struck out swinging . Lankford singled to right , Taguchi to third . Pujols walked , Lankford to second . Rolen singled to left , Taguchi scored , Lankford to third , Pujols to second . King pitching for Cardinals . Renteria grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rolen out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . King pitching for Cardinals . Brown struck out looking . Castillo lined out to left . DeJesus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Camp pitching for Royals . Sanders popped out to second . Luna struck out swinging . Calero pitching for Cardinals . Matheny grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Calero pitching for Cardinals . Graffanino lined out to center . Sweeney struck out swinging . Randa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 10 - Royals 3 .	Cardinals ' rout of Royals completes sweep