Cardinals - Top 1st . Thomson pitching for Braves . Womack reached on infield single to shortstop . Walker grounded out to first , Womack to second . Pujols reached on infield single to second , Womack to third . Rolen struck out swinging . Edmonds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Furcal singled to right center . Furcal stole second . Thomas popped out to third . Giles hit ground rule double to deep right center , Furcal scored . Jones grounded out to first , Giles to third . Estrada struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Thomson pitching for Braves . Renteria singled to right . Sanders singled to left , Renteria to third , Sanders to second advancing on throw . Matheny grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Renteria scored , Sanders to third . Haren sacrificed to pitcher , Matheny to second , Haren safe at first on error by pitcher Thomson . Womack grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sanders out at home , Matheny to third , Haren to second , Womack to first , Matheny scored , Haren to third , Womack to second on throwing er . Walker singled to center , Haren and Womack scored . Pujols flied out to center . Rolen homered to center , Walker scored . Edmonds grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Franco grounded out to shortstop . Jones singled to left . Derosa grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Thomson pitching for Braves . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Sanders walked . Matheny fouled out to first , Sanders to second . Haren grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Thomson struck out swinging . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . Thomas grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Thomson pitching for Braves . Womack grounded out to second . Walker walked . Pujols grounded out to third , Walker to second . Rolen homered to center , Walker scored . Edmonds struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Giles struck out swinging . Jones homered to right . Estrada struck out swinging . Cruz pitching for Braves . Franco grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Cruz pitching for Braves . Renteria struck out swinging . Sanders grounded out to shortstop . Matheny struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Jones singled to center . Derosa grounded into double play , second to first , Jones out at second . Cruz doubled to deep center . Furcal singled to center , Cruz scored . Furcal stole second . Anderson hit for Haren . Thomas flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Cruz pitching for Braves . Anderson flied out to right . Womack singled to right . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Womack out at second . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Giles struck out looking . Jones fouled out to right . Estrada singled to left . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Franco singled to center , Estrada to second . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Cruz pitching for Braves . Rolen flied out to right . Edmonds walked . Renteria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Edmonds safe at second on error by shortstop Furcal . Sanders struck out swinging . Matheny flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 7th . LaRoche hit for Cruz . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Derosa singled to left . LaRoche grounded out to second , Derosa to second . Derosa to third on wild pitch by Eldred . Furcal walked . Thomas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Derosa scored , Furcal out at second . Martin pitching for Braves . Luna hit for Eldred . Giles flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Martin pitching for Braves . Luna struck out swinging . Womack grounded out to pitcher . Walker singled to left . Pujols homered to center , Walker scored . Rolen walked . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Luna at second base . Edmonds struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Jones grounded out to second . Estrada grounded out to pitcher . Thomas in center field . Green in right field . Drew pitching for Braves . Franco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Drew pitching for Braves . Renteria grounded out to second . Sanders flied out to center . Matheny singled to center . Mabry in right field . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Luna grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals . Green grounded out to pitcher . Perez hit for Drew . Derosa grounded out to third . Perez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 10 - Braves 4 .	Swing away : Rolen first in NL to 100 RBI in win