Cardinals - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Taguchi walked . Cedeno fouled out to third . Pujols walked , Taguchi to second . Sanders walked , Taguchi to third , Pujols to second . Renteria hit sacrifice fly to center , Taguchi scored , Pujols to third . Luna struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Barmes lined out to second . Gonzalez flied out to right . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Matheny grounded out to shortstop . Mabry struck out looking . Reyes singled to center . Taguchi grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Castilla popped out to second . Burnitz lined out to second . Greene flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Cedeno reached on infield single to pitcher , Cedeno to second on throwing error by pitcher Kennedy . Pujols flied out to right , Cedeno thrown out at third . Sanders grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Piedra flied out to left . Freeman grounded out to second . Kennedy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Renteria walked . Luna singled to right , Renteria to second . Matheny grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Luna out at second , Renteria to third . Ankiel pitching for Cardinals . Mabry flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Ankiel pitching for Cardinals . Barmes hit by pitch . Gonzalez singled to center , Barmes to third . Helton singled to left , Barmes scored , Gonzalez to second . Castilla struck out looking . Burnitz flied out to center . Greene homered to left , Gonzalez and Helton scored . Piedra doubled to deep right . Freeman struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Ankiel struck out swinging . Taguchi struck out swinging . Cedeno struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Ankiel pitching for Cardinals . Kennedy grounded out to second . Barmes grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez doubled to deep left . Helton doubled to deep left center , Gonzalez scored . Castilla grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Pujols singled to center . Sanders walked , Pujols to second . Renteria singled to right , Pujols to third , Sanders to second . Luna lined out to shortstop . Matheny grounded out to third , Pujols scored , Sanders to third , Renteria to second . Williams hit for Ankiel . Mabry homered to right , Sanders and Renteria scored . Molina catching . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Williams struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Burnitz grounded out to shortstop . Greene doubled to deep right . Piedra grounded out to shortstop , Greene to third . Harikkala pitching for Rockies . Freeman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Harikkala pitching for Rockies . Taguchi safe at first on error by first baseman Helton . Cedeno homered to left , Taguchi scored . Pujols flied out to right . Sanders grounded out to third . Miles hit for Harikkala . Renteria flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Miles singled to center . Barmes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Miles out at second . Simpson pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez at shortstop . Miles at second base . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Simpson pitching for Rockies . Luna struck out looking . Molina struck out swinging . Anderson hit for Flores . Mabry walked . Anderson singled to right , Mabry to second . Taguchi hit by pitch , Mabry to third , Anderson to second . Cedeno walked , Mabry scored , Anderson to third , Taguchi to second . King pitching for Cardinals . Pujols flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . King pitching for Cardinals . Helton grounded out to third . Castilla grounded out to third . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Burnitz popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Sanders flied out to center . Renteria doubled to right . Luna reached on infield single to shortstop . Molina doubled to deep center , Renteria and Luna scored . McKay hit for King . Mabry struck out swinging . Cali pitching for Cardinals . McKay grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Atkins hit for Piedra . Cali pitching for Cardinals . Greene popped out to first . Atkins doubled to deep center . Freeman singled to left , Atkins scored . Johnson hit for Dohmann . Miles grounded out to shortstop , Freeman to second . Johnson walked . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Sweeney hit for Gonzalez . Sweeney struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 10 - Rockies 6 .	Cards shuffle deck , still rock Rockies