Brewers - Top 1st . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Podsednik struck out swinging . Magruder singled to center . Overbay doubled to deep center , Magruder scored . Jenkins hit by pitch . Ginter flied out to center . Helms grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jenkins out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Taguchi doubled to left . Walker lined out to left . Pujols grounded out to second , Taguchi to third . Rolen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Hall flied out to right . Bennett grounded out to second . De La Rosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Renteria doubled to deep center . Sanders struck out swinging . Matheny lined out to center . Luna reached on infield single to third , Renteria to third . Flores struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Podsednik singled to center . Magruder reached on infield single to third , Podsednik to second . Overbay flied out to center , Podsednik to third . Jenkins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Magruder out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Taguchi popped out to shortstop . Walker singled to center . Pujols walked , Walker to second . Rolen walked , Walker to third , Pujols to second . Renteria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker scored , Rolen out at second , Pujols to third , Pujols scored , Renteria to second on throwing error by second baseman Ginter . Sanders hit ground rule double to deep center , Renteria scored . Matheny singled to center , Sanders scored . Calero pitching for Cardinals . Luna struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 4th . Calero pitching for Cardinals . Ginter flied out to right . Helms singled to center . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helms out at second . Cedeno hit for Calero . Bennett popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Cedeno flied out to left . Taguchi flied out to right . Walker walked . Pujols doubled to left , Walker to third . King pitching for Cardinals . Cedeno in left field . Rolen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . King pitching for Cardinals . De La Rosa struck out looking . Podsednik struck out swinging . Magruder walked . Overbay walked , Magruder to second . Krynzel ran for Jenkins . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Mabry in left field . Cedeno in right field . Jenkins singled to center , Magruder scored , Overbay to second . Ginter hit ground rule double to deep left , Overbay scored , Krynzel to third . Magruder in left field . Krynzel in right field . Helms struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Renteria flied out to right . Mabry singled to right center . Matheny flied out to center . Womack at second base . Luna at third base . Luna lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Hall struck out swinging . Johnson hit for De La Rosa . Bennett singled to center . Johnson flied out to center . Podsednik doubled to deep left , Bennett to third . Bennett pitching for Brewers . Magruder flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Bennett pitching for Brewers . Cedeno struck out swinging . Lankford hit for Haren . Taguchi walked . Lankford homered to right center , Taguchi scored . Pujols doubled to left . Liriano pitching for Brewers . Womack doubled to center , Pujols scored . Renteria struck out swinging . Lankford in left field . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Mabry at third base . Molina catching . Luna at shortstop . Mabry grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Overbay hit by pitch . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Krynzel struck out swinging . Branyan hit for Helms . Ginter flied out to right . Branyan at third base . Branyan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Liriano pitching for Brewers . Molina homered to left . Luna struck out swinging . Cedeno grounded out to second . Taguchi tripled to deep right . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Lankford walked . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Pujols struck out looking . Bennett singled to left . Kieschnick grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bennett out at second , Kieschnick to second on throwing error by shortstop Luna . Counsell at shortstop . Podsednik grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Anderson hit for Tavarez . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Womack reached on infield single to shortstop . Anderson singled to left , Womack to second . Mabry flied out to right , Womack to third . Molina reached on infield single to second , Womack scored , Anderson to second . Luna struck out looking . Taguchi in right field . Edmonds in center field . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Cedeno lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Magruder struck out looking . Overbay doubled to deep center . Krynzel struck out looking . Ginter doubled to deep left , Overbay scored . Branyan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 4 - Cardinals 9 .	Cardinals win , look ahead to Dodgers