Braves - Top 1st. Santana pitching for Mets. Johnson flied out to left. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop. Prado singled to left, Escobar to second. McCann popped out to third. Diaz reached on infield single to third, Escobar to third, Prado to second, Escobar scored on throwing error by third baseman Wright. Kotchman struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Braves. Reyes lined out to center. Castillo walked. Beltran grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castillo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Santana pitching for Mets. Francoeur struck out swinging. Schafer struck out swinging. Lowe singled to center. Johnson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Wright struck out swinging. Murphy grounded out to third. Tatis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Santana pitching for Mets. Escobar reached on infield single to second. Prado sacrificed to first, Escobar to second. McCann grounded out to first, Escobar to third. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Reed grounded out to pitcher. Santos grounded out to shortstop. Santana grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Santana pitching for Mets. Kotchman fouled out to catcher. Francoeur flied out to center. Schafer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Reyes walked. Castillo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Reyes out at second. Beltran singled to right. Wright grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Santana pitching for Mets. Lowe struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. Escobar walked. Prado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Murphy grounded out to second. Tatis singled to left. Reed singled to right, Tatis to third. Santos hit sacrifice fly to right, Tatis scored. Santana grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Santana pitching for Mets. McCann struck out swinging. Diaz singled to left. Kotchman hit by pitch, Diaz to second. Francoeur flied out to left. Schafer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Reyes lined out to center. Castillo grounded out to second. Beltran flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Santana pitching for Mets. Lowe fouled out to first. Johnson singled to center. Parnell pitching for Mets. Escobar singled to right, Johnson to second. Prado flied out to center. Feliciano pitching for Mets. McCann safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes, Johnson to third, Escobar to second. Diaz singled to left, Johnson and Escobar scored, McCann to second, McCann to third, Diaz to second advancing on throw. Kotchman singled to left, McCann and Diaz scored. Stokes pitching for Mets. Francoeur singled to left, Kotchman to second. Schafer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Francoeur out at second, Kotchman to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 7th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Wright doubled to deep center. Murphy grounded out to second, Wright to third. Tatis grounded out to second, Wright scored. Reed doubled to deep left. Moylan pitching for Braves. Santos grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Norton hit for Moylan. Stokes pitching for Mets. Norton singled to left. Johnson singled to left, Norton to third. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Norton scored, Johnson out at second. Prado grounded into double play, third to second to first, Escobar out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Soriano pitching for Braves. Cora hit for Stokes. Cora singled to left. Reyes struck out swinging. Castillo struck out swinging. Beltran flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Takahashi pitching for Mets. McCann doubled to right. Diaz grounded out to third. Kotchman singled to center, McCann to third. Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to center, McCann scored, Kotchman to second advancing on throw. Kotchman to third on wild pitch by Takahashi. Schafer walked. Infante hit for Soriano. Infante singled to center, Kotchman scored, Schafer to third. Johnson flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Carlyle pitching for Braves. Wright reached on infield single to third. Murphy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wright out at second. Tatis doubled to left center. Reed walked. Santos singled to center, Tatis scored, Reed to second. Sheffield hit for Takahashi. Sheffield grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 8 - Mets 3.	Braves end Mets' win streak