Rockies - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Braves. Fowler struck out looking. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Helton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Johnson grounded out to second. Escobar reached on infield single to third. Jones walked, Escobar to second. Anderson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Hawpe flied out to left. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. Smith flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Marquis pitching for Rockies. McCann singled to right. Kotchman struck out swinging. Francoeur struck out swinging. McCann to second on passed ball by Iannetta. Schafer fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Stewart walked. Barmes singled to right, Stewart to third. Marquis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Stewart out at home, Barmes to third, Marquis to second. Fowler grounded out to second, Barmes scored, Marquis to third. Tulowitzki flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Lowe singled to center. Johnson flied out to right. Escobar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lowe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Helton grounded out to second. Hawpe struck out looking. Iannetta singled to left. Smith flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Jones singled to right center. Anderson singled to center, Jones to second. McCann walked, Jones to third, Anderson to second. Kotchman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jones scored, McCann out at second, Anderson to third. Francoeur flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Stewart grounded out to first. Barmes flied out to right. Marquis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Schafer flied out to left. Lowe struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Fowler doubled to left center. Tulowitzki grounded out to first, Fowler to third. Helton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Fowler scored. Hawpe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Helton out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Escobar walked. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Iannetta grounded out to catcher. Smith grounded out to second. Stewart grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Marquis pitching for Rockies. McCann grounded out to second. Kotchman grounded out to second. Francoeur grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Marquis grounded out to first. Fowler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Spilborghs in left field. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Schafer flied out to center. Infante hit for Lowe. Infante flied out to left. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Infante at second base. Tulowitzki singled to center. Helton safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar, Tulowitzki to second. Hawpe flied out to left. Moylan pitching for Braves. Iannetta singled to left, Tulowitzki scored, Helton to second. Spilborghs singled to center, Helton scored, Iannetta to third. Spilborghs stole second. Stewart lined out to second. Barmes safe at first on error by third baseman Jones, Iannetta scored, Spilborghs to third. Atkins hit for Marquis. Atkins fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Street pitching for Rockies. Escobar flied out to left. Jones flied out to center. Anderson popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 5 - Braves 1.	Sliding Rockies thwart Lowe, Braves in rare win