Blue Jays - Top 1st. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Scutaro grounded out to second. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Rios singled to left. Wells fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Johnson homered to left. Kotchman grounded out to first. Anderson struck out looking. McCann homered to right. Prado grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Lind grounded out to pitcher. Bautista doubled to deep left center. Overbay walked. Chavez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Overbay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Francoeur struck out swinging. Hernandez flied out to right. Schafer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Richmond grounded out to second. Scutaro grounded out to first. Hill singled to left. Rios grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Jurrjens struck out looking. Johnson lined out to first. Kotchman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Wells singled to left. Lind struck out swinging, Wells stole second. Wells stole third. Bautista grounded out to shortstop, Wells scored. Overbay struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. McCann singled to center. Prado doubled to left, McCann to third. Francoeur grounded out to third. Hernandez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Chavez singled to right. Richmond struck out bunting foul. Scutaro singled to center, Chavez to second. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to second, Scutaro out at second, Chavez to third. Rios grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Schafer bunt grounded out to pitcher. Jurrjens struck out looking. Johnson singled to left. Johnson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Kotchman batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Wells doubled to deep center. Lind grounded out to second, Wells to third. Bautista walked. Overbay singled to left center, Wells scored, Bautista to second. Chavez lined out to right. Millar hit for Richmond. Millar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Overbay out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Kotchman grounded out to first. Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop. McCann grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Anderson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Moylan pitching for Braves. Scutaro reached on infield single to shortstop. Hill struck out swinging. Rios hit by pitch, Scutaro to second. Wells walked, Scutaro to third, Rios to second. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Lind struck out swinging. Bennett pitching for Braves. Bautista flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Prado grounded out to third. Francoeur singled to left. Hernandez singled to left, Francoeur to second. Schafer walked, Francoeur to third, Hernandez to second. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Jones hit for Bennett. Jones singled to right, Francoeur scored, Hernandez to third, Schafer to second. Johnson hit ground rule double to deep right center, Hernandez and Schafer scored, Jones to third. Kotchman intentionally walked. Anderson hit sacrifice fly to center, Jones scored, Johnson to third. McCann homered to right, Johnson and Kotchman scored. Prado grounded out to first. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Soriano pitching for Braves. Overbay grounded out to second. Chavez grounded out to third. Inglett hit for Frasor. Inglett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. McDonald at shortstop. League pitching for Blue Jays. Francoeur struck out swinging. Hernandez singled to center. Schafer doubled to deep center, Hernandez to third. Norton hit for Soriano. Norton grounded out to second, Hernandez scored, Schafer to third. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Acosta pitching for Braves. McDonald safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Hernandez. Hill singled to left, McDonald to second. Rios grounded into double play, third to first, McDonald out at third, Hill to second. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 2 - Braves 10.	McCann, Chipper key Braves' sweep of Jays