Braves - Top 1st. Berken pitching for Orioles. McLouth singled to right. Escobar homered to left, McLouth scored. Jones grounded out to first. McCann singled to center. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCann out at second. Canizares grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Hanson pitching for Braves. Roberts doubled to deep right. Roberts stole third. Jones grounded out to second, Roberts scored. Markakis reached on infield single to third. Huff walked, Markakis to second. Mora flied out to right, Markakis to third. Scott walked, Huff to second. Salazar struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Berken pitching for Orioles. Francoeur lined out to center. Johnson struck out swinging. Prado flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Hanson pitching for Braves. Wieters singled to deep right. Andino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wieters out at second. Andino caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Berken pitching for Orioles. McLouth struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to third. Jones flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Hanson pitching for Braves. Jones singled to left. Markakis flied out to center. Jones stole second. Huff singled to left, Jones scored. Mora lined out to left. Scott walked, Huff to second. Salazar singled to right, Huff thrown out at home, Scott to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Berken pitching for Orioles. McCann singled to deep right, McCann out stretching at second. Anderson singled to center. Canizares doubled to deep center, Anderson to third. Francoeur struck out swinging. Johnson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Hanson pitching for Braves. Wieters singled to right. Andino fouled out to right. Roberts grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wieters out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Berken pitching for Orioles. Prado popped out to third. McLouth singled to shallow left. Escobar hit by pitch, McLouth to second. Jones walked, McLouth to third, Escobar to second. McCann singled to center, McLouth scored, Escobar to third, Jones to second. Albers pitching for Orioles. Anderson walked, Escobar scored, Jones to third, McCann to second. Canizares lined out to shortstop. Francoeur flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Hanson pitching for Braves. Jones grounded out to first. Markakis struck out swinging. Huff walked. Mora struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Albers pitching for Orioles. Johnson walked. Prado sacrificed to catcher, Johnson to second. McLouth struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Hanson pitching for Braves. Scott singled to right center. Salazar flied out to left. Wieters struck out looking. Andino singled to center, Scott to second. Roberts walked, Scott to third, Andino to second. Moylan pitching for Braves. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Albers pitching for Orioles. Jones fouled out to third. Castillo pitching for Orioles. McCann walked. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCann out at second. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Canizares singled to center, Anderson to third. Francoeur singled to center, Anderson scored, Canizares to second. Johnson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Markakis popped out to shortstop. Huff struck out swinging. Mora grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Prado homered to left. McLouth bunt grounded out to pitcher. Escobar walked. Jones grounded out to third, Escobar to second. McCann singled to right, Escobar scored, McCann to second advancing on throw. Anderson flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Blanco in left field. Soriano pitching for Braves. Scott grounded out to second. Salazar singled to left. Wieters safe at first on error by third baseman Prado, Salazar to second. Reimold hit for Andino. Reimold walked, Salazar to third, Wieters to second. Roberts popped out to third. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Reimold out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 9th. Scott at first base. Salazar at shortstop. Reimold in left field. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Canizares flied out to center. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Johnson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Braves. Markakis reached on infield single to shortstop. Huff grounded into double play, third to second to first, Markakis out at second. Mora singled to left. Mora to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez. Scott struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 7 - Orioles 2.	McCann's career-high 4 hits help Braves by O's