Marlins - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Braves. Coghlan reached on infield single to third. Gload grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Coghlan out at second. Ramirez doubled to deep center. Cantu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Infante struck out swinging. Johnson walked. Jones walked, Johnson to second. McCann homered to right, Johnson and Jones scored. LaRoche struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to left. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Uggla singled to center. Ross doubled to left, Uggla scored, Ross to third on error by catcher McCann. Hermida walked. Paulino grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ross scored, Hermida out at second. Nolasco grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Diaz singled to right. Gorecki struck out swinging. Lowe sacrificed to first, Diaz to second. Infante lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Coghlan singled to center. Gload grounded out to first, Coghlan to second. Coghlan out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Johnson flied out to left. Jones walked. McCann grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jones out at second. LaRoche singled to right, McCann to second. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Cantu grounded out to third. Uggla singled to center. Ross singled to left, Uggla to second. Hermida grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Uggla to third, Ross safe at second on error by second baseman Johnson. Paulino doubled to deep center, Uggla, Ross and Hermida scored, Paulino thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Nolasco struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 4th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Diaz doubled to deep left. Gorecki lined out to first. Lowe singled to right, Diaz to third. Infante singled to center, Diaz scored, Lowe to second. Johnson struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Coghlan grounded out to second. Gload struck out looking. Ramirez singled to center. Cantu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. McCann singled to shallow right. LaRoche flied out to center. Escobar singled to center, McCann to second. Diaz singled to left, McCann to third, Escobar to second. Martinez pitching for Marlins. Gorecki struck out swinging. Norton hit for Lowe. Norton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Medlen pitching for Braves. Uggla grounded out to shortstop. Ross fouled out to first. Hermida struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Marlins. Infante flied out to left. Johnson struck out swinging. Jones walked. McCann walked, Jones to second. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Medlen pitching for Braves. Paulino struck out looking. Sanchez hit for Martinez. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Coghlan walked. Gload grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Calero pitching for Marlins. Escobar grounded out to third. Diaz tripled to deep right center. Gorecki hit sacrifice fly to right, Diaz scored. Vazquez hit for Medlen. Vazquez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Moylan pitching for Braves. Ramirez reached on bunt single to third. Cantu lined into double play, shortstop to first, Ramirez doubled off first. Uggla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Calero pitching for Marlins. Infante walked. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Johnson walked, Infante to second. Jones grounded out to pitcher, Infante to third, Johnson to second. McCann singled to right, Infante and Johnson scored. LaRoche walked, McCann to second. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Escobar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, LaRoche out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Soriano pitching for Braves. Ross struck out looking. Hermida singled to center. Paulino lined out to second. Baker hit for Lindstrom. Hermida to second on fielder's indifference. Baker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Braves 7.	Braves' McCann delivers in clutch vs. Marlins