Braves - Top 1st. VandenHurk pitching for Marlins. Diaz singled to right center. Prado flied out to center. Anderson hit ground rule double to deep right, Diaz to third. McCann hit sacrifice fly to center, Diaz scored, Anderson to third. LaRoche singled to left, Anderson scored. Escobar fouled out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Vazquez pitching for Braves. Coghlan singled to center. Gload singled to right, Coghlan to second. Uggla struck out swinging. Cantu singled to center, Coghlan to third, Gload to second. Ross struck out swinging. Hermida struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. VandenHurk pitching for Marlins. Church flied out to left. Infante popped out to second. Vazquez singled to right center. Diaz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Braves. Paulino struck out looking. Bonifacio lined out to center. VandenHurk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. VandenHurk pitching for Marlins. Prado struck out swinging. Anderson flied out to left. McCann safe at first on error by left fielder Coghlan. LaRoche singled to center, McCann to second. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Braves. Coghlan grounded out to second. Gload doubled to deep right. Gload to third on passed ball by McCann. Uggla homered to left, Gload scored. Cantu grounded out to shortstop. Ross popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. VandenHurk pitching for Marlins. Church walked. Infante struck out looking. Vazquez sacrificed to first, Church to second. Diaz intentionally walked. Prado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for Braves. Hermida grounded out to pitcher. Paulino safe at first on error by first baseman LaRoche. Bonifacio grounded into fielder's choice to second, Paulino out at second. VandenHurk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 5th. VandenHurk pitching for Marlins. Anderson walked. McCann grounded into fielder's choice to second, Anderson safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Uggla. LaRoche flied out to center, Anderson to third. Escobar singled to center, Anderson scored, McCann to second. Church flied out to right, McCann to third. Infante flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for Braves. Coghlan popped out to shortstop. Gload tripled to deep right center. Uggla struck out looking. Cantu grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Sanches pitching for Marlins. Vazquez grounded out to second. Diaz struck out looking. Prado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Vazquez pitching for Braves. Ross walked. Hermida lined out to left. Paulino singled to right, Ross to third. Bonifacio hit by pitch, Paulino to second. Carroll hit for Sanches. Medlen pitching for Braves. Carroll doubled to deep right, Ross, Paulino and Bonifacio scored. Coghlan singled to center, Carroll to third. Gload hit sacrifice fly to center, Carroll scored. Uggla singled to left, Coghlan to second. Cantu singled to center, Coghlan scored, Uggla to second. Ross struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Meyer pitching for Marlins. Carroll in right field. Anderson popped out to second. McCann safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Bonifacio. McCann to second on passed ball by Paulino. LaRoche singled to right, McCann to third. Escobar walked, LaRoche to second. Wood pitching for Marlins. Jones hit for Church. Jones doubled to deep left center, McCann, LaRoche and Escobar scored. Infante singled to center, Jones to third. Norton hit for Medlen. Norton struck out swinging. Diaz hit by pitch, Infante to second. Calero pitching for Marlins. Maybin in center field. Prado flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Prado at second base. Jones at third base. Infante in center field. Moylan pitching for Braves. Maybin walked. Paulino singled to center, Maybin to second. Bonifacio grounded into double play, third to first, Maybin out at third, Paulino to second. Carroll grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Calero pitching for Marlins. Anderson grounded out to first. McCann grounded out to third. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Coghlan grounded out to shortstop. Gload grounded out to third. Uggla grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Cantu at first base. Helms at third base. Escobar homered to right. Jones flied out to left. Infante walked. Johnson hit for O'Flaherty. Johnson walked, Infante to second. Diaz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Braves. Cantu fouled out to catcher. Helms homered to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 7 - Marlins 8.	Helms' HR in ninth helps Marlins outlast Braves