Braves - Top 1st. Oswalt pitching for Astros. McLouth homered to right. Escobar doubled to deep center. Jones singled to right, Escobar scored. McCann singled to center, Jones to third. Anderson hit sacrifice fly to left, Jones scored. LaRoche struck out swinging. Church reached on infield single to third, McCann to second. Johnson walked, McCann to third, Church to second. Lowe struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Braves. Bourn grounded out to first. Matsui singled to left. Matsui stole second. Berkman walked. Lee singled to center, Matsui scored, Berkman to second. Tejada grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Lee out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. McLouth reached on infield single to third. Escobar singled to center, McLouth to second. Jones struck out swinging. McCann hit ground rule double to right, McLouth scored, Escobar to third. Anderson singled to center, Escobar scored, McCann to third. LaRoche singled to center, McCann scored, Anderson to second. Church struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Pence struck out looking. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Coste struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Sadler pitching for Astros. Lowe struck out swinging. McLouth grounded out to first. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Sadler grounded out to shortstop. Bourn reached on infield single to shortstop. Matsui reached on infield single to pitcher, Bourn to second. Berkman homered to left, Bourn and Matsui scored. Lee walked. Tejada grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lee out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Sadler pitching for Astros. Jones walked. McCann singled to right center, Jones to second. Anderson singled to center, Jones scored, McCann to third. LaRoche struck out swinging. Wright pitching for Astros. Diaz hit for Church. Diaz grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCann scored, Anderson out at second. Johnson hit ground rule double to right, Diaz to third. Lowe flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Diaz in right field. Lowe pitching for Braves. Pence singled to center. Johnson struck out looking. Coste singled to left, Pence to second. Boone hit for Wright. Boone grounded out to third, Pence to third, Coste to second. Bourn singled to right, Pence scored, Coste to third. Bourn stole second. Matsui struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Lopez pitching for Astros. McLouth grounded out to second. Escobar walked. Jones struck out swinging, Escobar stole second. McCann singled to left center, Escobar scored. Anderson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Berkman struck out swinging. Lee flied out to center. Tejada flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Lopez pitching for Astros. LaRoche grounded out to second. Diaz flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Pence singled to right. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pence out at second. Coste lined out to third, Johnson to second on throwing error by third baseman Jones. Erstad hit for Lopez. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Erstad struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 7th. Gervacio pitching for Astros. O'Flaherty struck out swinging. McLouth walked. Escobar singled to center, McLouth to second. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Bourn grounded out to shortstop. Matsui walked. Matsui stole second. Berkman grounded out to second, Matsui to third. Moylan pitching for Braves. Lee grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Byrdak pitching for Astros. McCann grounded out to first. Anderson struck out swinging. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Gorecki in left field. Moylan pitching for Braves. Tejada grounded out to third. Pence reached on infield single to second. Johnson singled to right, Pence to second. Coste grounded out to third, Pence to third, Johnson to second. Michaels hit for Byrdak. Michaels reached on infield single to third, Pence scored, Johnson scored on throwing error by third baseman Jones. Bourn grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 9th. Brocail pitching for Astros. Diaz bunt grounded out to pitcher. Johnson singled to left. Conrad hit for Moylan. Conrad flied out to center. McLouth walked, Johnson to second. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McLouth out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Braves. Matsui struck out swinging. Berkman singled to center. Lee walked, Berkman to second. Maysonet ran for Lee. Tejada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Maysonet out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 9 - Astros 7.	Braves break out, rough up Oswalt, Astros