Reds - Top 1st . Germano pitching for Cubs . Cozart struck out swinging . Stubbs grounded out to shortstop . Phillips grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Bailey pitching for Reds . DeJesus singled to left . Barney singled to left , DeJesus to second . Rizzo walked , DeJesus to third , Barney to second . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DeJesus scored , Rizzo out at second , Barney to third . Castro struck out looking . Vitters grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Soriano out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Germano pitching for Cubs . Ludwick singled to left . Paul popped out to shortstop . Frazier doubled to deep left , Ludwick scored . Valdez flied out to left . Mesoraco intentionally walked . Bailey singled to center , Frazier scored , Mesoraco to second . Cozart grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bailey out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Bailey pitching for Reds . Jackson struck out looking . Castillo flied out to center . Germano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Germano pitching for Cubs . Stubbs flied out to right . Phillips safe at first on error by first baseman Rizzo . Ludwick homered to center ( 406 feet ) , Phillips scored . Paul singled to right . Paul stole second . Frazier struck out swinging . Valdez safe at first on error by third baseman Vitters , Paul to third . Mesoraco safe at first on error by shortstop Castro , Paul scored , Valdez to third . Bailey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mesoraco out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 3 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Bailey pitching for Reds . DeJesus grounded out to second . Barney reached on infield single to shortstop . Rizzo reached on infield single to shortstop , Barney to second . Barney to third , Rizzo to second on wild pitch by Bailey . Soriano doubled to left , Barney and Rizzo scored . Soriano stole third . Castro walked . Castro stole second . Vitters grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Soriano out at home , Castro to third . Jackson flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Germano pitching for Cubs . Cozart fouled out to first . Stubbs grounded out to second . Phillips lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Bailey pitching for Reds . Castillo popped out to second . Germano singled to left . DeJesus grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Germano out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Germano pitching for Cubs . Ludwick grounded out to pitcher . Paul popped out to shortstop . Frazier walked . Valdez singled to right , Frazier to third . Valdez to second on wild pitch by Germano . Mesoraco flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Bailey pitching for Reds . Barney grounded out to third . Rizzo grounded out to first . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Germano pitching for Cubs . Bailey grounded out to shortstop . Cozart grounded out to shortstop . Stubbs reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera pitching for Cubs . Stubbs stole second , Stubbs safe at third on throwing error by catcher Castillo , Stubbs scored on error by center fielder Jackson . Phillips doubled to right . Ludwick walked . Phillips stole third . Paul walked , Ludwick to second . Frazier singled to right , Phillips and Ludwick scored , Paul to third , Frazier to second advancing on throw . Valdez grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Bailey pitching for Reds . Castro singled to right . Vitters singled to right , Castro thrown out at third . Jackson struck out swinging . Castillo doubled to deep right , Vitters scored . LaHair hit for Cabrera . Arredondo pitching for Reds . LaHair flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Beliveau pitching for Cubs . Mesoraco singled to left . Leake hit for Arredondo . Leake struck out swinging . Cozart grounded out to first , Mesoraco to second . Stubbs struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Marshall pitching for Reds . DeJesus walked . Barney singled to right , DeJesus to third . Rizzo grounded out to pitcher , Barney to second . LeCure pitching for Reds . Soriano popped out to shortstop . Castro doubled to deep left , DeJesus and Barney scored . Vitters grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Camp pitching for Cubs . Phillips grounded out to third . Ludwick doubled to deep right . Ludwick to third on wild pitch by Camp . Paul walked . Frazier singled to center , Ludwick scored , Paul to second . Paul to third , Frazier to second on passed ball by Castillo . Valdez popped out to third . Mesoraco popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Broxton pitching for Reds . Jackson walked . Castillo doubled to left , Jackson scored . Valbuena hit for Camp . Valbuena fouled out to first . DeJesus doubled to deep left , Castillo scored . Barney grounded out to second , DeJesus to third . Chapman pitching for Reds . Hanigan catching . Rizzo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Corpas pitching for Cubs . Hanigan singled to center . Cozart doubled to deep left , Hanigan scored . Stubbs bunt popped out to pitcher . Phillips singled to left center , Cozart to third . Ludwick flied out to left . Paul flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Chapman pitching for Reds . Soriano struck out swinging . Castro flied out to center . Vitters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 10 - Cubs 8 .	Frazier , Reds top Cubs to snap 5 - game skid    \n\n