Pirates - Top 1st . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Jaso lined out to first . McCutchen lined out to left . Polanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Cole pitching for Pirates . Carpenter flied out to left . Piscotty singled to right . Piscotty stole second . Holliday struck out swinging , Holliday safe at first on wild pitch by Cole , Piscotty to third . Moss struck out swinging . Molina walked , Holliday to second . Hazelbaker struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Marte struck out swinging . Freese grounded out to third . Harrison grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Cole pitching for Pirates . Díaz grounded out to third . Wong grounded out to shortstop . Wacha struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Mercer struck out swinging . Stewart grounded out to second . Cole struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Cole pitching for Pirates . Carpenter singled to right center . Piscotty singled to right , Carpenter to second . Holliday grounded into double play , third to second to first , Piscotty out at second , Carpenter to third . Moss doubled to deep right , Carpenter scored . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Jaso singled to shallow right center . McCutchen singled to shallow left , Jaso to second . Polanco struck out swinging . Marte struck out swinging . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCutchen out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Cole pitching for Pirates . Hazelbaker struck out swinging . Díaz grounded out to third . Wong grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Harrison flied out to right . Mercer walked . Stewart doubled to left , Mercer scored . Cole struck out looking . Jaso homered to right ( 370 feet ) , Stewart scored . McCutchen flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Cole pitching for Pirates . Wacha struck out swinging . Carpenter walked . Piscotty lined out to right . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carpenter out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Polanco popped out to shortstop . Marte hit ground rule double to deep left . Freese singled to left , Marte scored . Harrison grounded out to pitcher , Freese to second . Mercer intentionally walked . Stewart flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Cole pitching for Pirates . Moss struck out swinging . Molina flied out to right . Hazelbaker homered to left ( 404 feet ) . Díaz doubled to deep left . Wong grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Joyce hit for Cole . Joyce walked . Jaso doubled to deep right center , Joyce to third . Rodriguez ran for Jaso . McCutchen singled to left , Joyce scored , Rodriguez to third . Polanco homered to left ( 349 feet ) , Rodriguez and McCutchen scored . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Gyorko at second base . Marte singled to left . Freese flied out to right . Harrison grounded out to third , Marte to second . Mercer grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez at first base . Lobstein pitching for Pirates . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop . Carpenter walked . Piscotty singled to right , Carpenter to second . Holliday walked , Carpenter to third , Piscotty to second . Moss grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Carpenter scored , Holliday out at second , Piscotty to third . Caminero pitching for Pirates . Moss to second on wild pitch by Caminero . Molina singled to right , Piscotty and Moss scored . Feliz pitching for Pirates . Hazelbaker struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Kang hit for Feliz . Kang lined out to center . Rodriguez singled to right . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Díaz struck out swinging . Grichuk hit for Maness . Grichuk flied out to right . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Polanco struck out looking . Marte doubled to deep left . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Harrison singled to left , Marte scored , Harrison to second advancing on throw . Mercer walked . Stewart singled to right , Harrison scored , Mercer to second , Mercer to third advancing on throw . Liriano hit for Watson . Liriano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stewart out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Carpenter doubled to right . Piscotty singled to center , Carpenter to third . Holliday struck out swinging . Moss walked , Piscotty to second . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Molina grounded into double play , third to first , Piscotty out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 10 - Cardinals 5 .	Polanco , Jaso homer , lead Cole , Pirates over Cardinals