Rockies - Top 1st . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Blackmon struck out swinging . Story struck out swinging . González flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Gray pitching for Rockies . Carpenter lined out to center . Díaz hit by pitch . Holliday singled to right , Díaz to second . Piscotty hit ground rule double to deep center , Díaz scored , Holliday to third . Adams singled to left center , Holliday and Piscotty scored . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Adams out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Arenado grounded out to second . Parra grounded out to shortstop . Reynolds reached on infield single to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Grichuk walked . Wong struck out swinging . Wacha bunt popped out foul to catcher . Carpenter doubled to deep right , Grichuk scored . Díaz grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Descalso singled to left center . Wolters struck out swinging . Gray struck out bunting foul . Blackmon singled to right , Descalso to second . Story doubled to deep center , Descalso and Blackmon scored . González grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Holliday grounded out to second . Piscotty reached on infield single to third . Piscotty caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Adams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Hazelbaker in center field . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Arenado walked . Parra reached on bunt single to catcher , Arenado to second . Reynolds singled to right , Arenado to third , Parra to second . Descalso singled to left center , Arenado and Parra scored , Reynolds to second . Wolters grounded out to first , Reynolds to third , Descalso to second . Gray singled to right , Reynolds scored , Descalso to third . Blackmon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Descalso scored , Gray out at second . Story singled to center , Blackmon to second . González grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Molina walked . Hazelbaker reached on bunt single to third , Molina to second . Wong struck out swinging . Moss hit for Wacha . Moss walked , Molina to third , Hazelbaker to second . Carpenter doubled to deep left center , Molina and Hazelbaker scored , Moss to third . Díaz singled to right , Moss scored , Carpenter to third . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Holliday fouled out to first . Piscotty doubled to left , Carpenter scored , Díaz to third . Adams singled to right , Díaz and Piscotty scored . Molina flied out to left . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Moss at first base . Arenado grounded out to second . Parra grounded out to second . Reynolds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Miller pitching for Rockies . Hazelbaker struck out swinging . Wong popped out to second . Moss popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Descalso grounded out to second . Wolters struck out swinging . Miller struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Rockies . Carpenter struck out swinging . Díaz grounded out to second . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Blackmon grounded out to second . Story homered to left ( 382 feet ) . González struck out swinging . Arenado walked . Parra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Arenado out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Raburn in left field . Piscotty hit by pitch . Gyorko hit for Lyons . Gyorko struck out swinging . Molina flied out to left . Hazelbaker lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . Descalso struck out looking . Wolters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Wong reached on infield single to shortstop . Wong to second on wild pitch by Oberg . Moss walked . Wong to third , Moss to second on wild pitch by Oberg . Carpenter homered to right center ( 408 feet ) , Wong and Moss scored . Díaz fouled out to first . Holliday struck out looking . Piscotty flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Carpenter at first base . Kiekhefer pitching for Cardinals . Tejada at third base . Moss in left field . Raburn grounded out to third . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . Story lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 7 - Cardinals 13 .	Carpenter , Adams lead Cardinals over Rockies 13 - 7