Cubs - Top 1st . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Fowler doubled to deep right . Heyward grounded out to second , Fowler to third . Bryant singled to left , Fowler scored . Rizzo singled to left center , Bryant to third . Zobrist walked , Rizzo to second . Soler walked , Bryant scored , Rizzo to third , Zobrist to second . Russell grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rizzo out at home , Zobrist to third , Soler to second . Ross doubled to deep center , Zobrist and Soler scored , Russell to third . Hammel doubled to deep center , Russell and Ross scored . Fowler lined out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Hammel pitching for Cubs . Carpenter flied out to right . Díaz flied out to center . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Heyward struck out swinging . Bryant singled to left . Rizzo popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Hammel pitching for Cubs . Piscotty grounded out to shortstop . Adams hit ground rule double to deep center . Molina walked . Grichuk grounded into double play , third to first , Adams out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Zobrist lined out to shortstop . Soler walked . Russell struck out looking . Ross walked , Soler to second . Hammel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Hammel pitching for Cubs . Wong flied out to right . Wacha struck out looking . Carpenter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Fowler struck out looking . Heyward safe at first on error by first baseman Adams . Bryant struck out swinging , Heyward stole second . Rizzo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Hammel pitching for Cubs . Díaz flied out to left . Holliday flied out to center . Piscotty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Zobrist doubled to deep right center . Soler homered to center ( 416 feet ) , Zobrist scored . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Russell singled to left . Ross lined out to shortstop . Hammel struck out swinging . Fowler singled to center , Russell to second . Heyward walked , Russell to third , Fowler to second . Bryant flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Hammel pitching for Cubs . Adams walked . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Adams out at second . Grichuk flied out to right . Wong walked , Molina to second . Lyons struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Fryer catching . Hazelbaker in left field . Tejada at third base . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Rizzo walked . Zobrist grounded into double play , second to first , Rizzo out at second . Soler reached on infield single to third , Soler to second on throwing error by third baseman Tejada . Russell grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hammel pitching for Cubs . Fryer singled to center . Díaz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fryer out at second . Hazelbaker lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Ross struck out looking . Hammel struck out swinging . Fowler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Báez at second base . Hammel pitching for Cubs . Piscotty grounded out to third . Adams grounded out to second . Tejada flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Kiekhefer pitching for Cardinals . Moss in right field . Heyward grounded out to first . Bryant grounded out to shortstop . Rizzo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Hammel pitching for Cubs . Grichuk doubled to deep left . Grichuk to third on wild pitch by Hammel . Wong popped out to third . Moss doubled to deep right center , Grichuk scored . Grimm pitching for Cubs . Fryer flied out to right , Moss to third . Díaz grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Kiekhefer pitching for Cardinals . Báez hit by pitch . Soler flied out to center . Russell reached on infield single to second , Báez to second . Federowicz hit for Ross . Federowicz singled to right center , Báez scored , Russell to second . Szczur hit for Grimm . Szczur tripled to deep center , Russell and Federowicz scored . Fowler singled to center , Szczur scored . Heyward struck out swinging . Bryant struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Richard pitching for Cubs . La Stella at second base . Báez at first base . Federowicz catching . Szczur in center field . Hazelbaker safe at first on error by second baseman La Stella . Gyorko hit for Kiekhefer . Gyorko singled to left center , Hazelbaker to second . Adams singled to center , Hazelbaker to third , Gyorko to second . Tejada hit sacrifice fly to right , Hazelbaker scored . Grichuk singled to center , Gyorko scored , Adams to second . Wong grounded out to pitcher , Adams to third , Grichuk to second . Moss hit by pitch . Cahill pitching for Cubs . Fryer struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Cubs 12 - Cardinals 3 .	Hammel stars on mound , plate in Cubs ' rout of Cardinals