Giants - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Span grounded out to first . Panik lined out to left . Duffy struck out swinging , Duffy safe at first on wild pitch by Martínez . Belt singled to center , Duffy to third . Crawford struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Peavy pitching for Giants . Carpenter flied out to left . Díaz popped out to first . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Blanco grounded out to first . Parker struck out swinging . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Peavy pitching for Giants . Piscotty flied out to right . Adams walked . Molina flied out to left . Garcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Peavy struck out swinging . Span singled to left . Panik flied out to center . Span to second on wild pitch by Martínez . Duffy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Peavy pitching for Giants . Grichuk doubled to left . Martínez sacrificed to catcher , Grichuk to third . Carpenter singled to right , Grichuk scored . Díaz reached on infield single to third , Carpenter tagged out at second . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Díaz out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Belt lined out to third . Crawford grounded out to first . Blanco walked . Parker homered to left ( 364 feet ) , Blanco scored . Brown grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Peavy pitching for Giants . Piscotty fouled out to first . Adams struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Peavy struck out looking . Span struck out swinging . Panik fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Peavy pitching for Giants . Garcia flied out to center . Grichuk struck out swinging . Martínez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Duffy singled to right center . Belt walked , Duffy to second . Duffy to third , Belt to second on wild pitch by Martínez . Crawford grounded out to shortstop , Duffy scored . Blanco lined out to pitcher , Belt to third on throwing error by pitcher Martínez . Parker grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Peavy pitching for Giants . Carpenter doubled to deep right . Díaz doubled to deep left , Carpenter scored . Holliday walked . Blanco in right field . Strickland pitching for Giants . Williamson in left field . Piscotty hit by pitch , Díaz to third , Holliday to second . López pitching for Giants . Adams reached on infield single to second , Díaz scored , Holliday to third , Piscotty to second . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Holliday scored , Piscotty to third , Adams safe at second on error by shortstop Crawford . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Piscotty scored , Molina out at second , Adams to third . Grichuk grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Garcia out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 7th . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Brown hit by pitch . Williamson popped out to third . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Wong at second base . Span singled to center , Brown to second . Panik struck out swinging . Brown to third , Span to second on wild pitch by Siegrist . Duffy walked . Belt lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Wong popped out to second . Carpenter singled to center . Carpenter to second on wild pitch by Gearrin . Díaz struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Hazelbaker in left field . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Crawford struck out swinging . Blanco struck out swinging . Gillaspie hit for Gearrin . Gillaspie flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Osich pitching for Giants . Piscotty flied out to left . Adams singled to right . Molina singled to left , Adams to second . Gyorko hit for Oh . Gyorko singled to left , Adams to third , Molina to second . Kontos pitching for Giants . Grichuk grounded out to shortstop , Adams scored , Molina to third , Gyorko to second . Wong grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Brown singled to left . Tomlinson hit for Williamson . Tomlinson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Brown out at second . Span grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 3 - Cardinals 6 .	Cardinals rally to beat Giants again , 6 - 3