Cardinals - Top 1st . Ventura pitching for Royals . Carpenter struck out swinging . Moss struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Merrifield lined out to center . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Cain grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Ventura pitching for Royals . Piscotty hit ground rule double to deep right . Adams singled to center , Piscotty to third . Peralta walked , Adams to second . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Piscotty scored , Adams out at third , Peralta to second . Wong singled to right , Peralta scored , Molina to third , Wong to second advancing on throw . Garcia grounded out to second , Molina scored , Wong to third . Carpenter walked . Moss struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Hosmer doubled to deep left center . Morales singled to right , Hosmer to third , Morales to second on error by right fielder Piscotty . Orlando grounded out to shortstop , Hosmer scored , Morales to third . Cuthbert popped out to first . Colón singled to left , Morales scored . Butera lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Ventura pitching for Royals . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Piscotty grounded out to third . Adams singled to right . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Adams out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Merrifield struck out looking . Escobar reached on infield single to third . Cain singled to left center , Escobar to second . Hosmer singled to right , Escobar to third , Cain to second . Morales grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Escobar out at home , Cain to third , Hosmer to second . Orlando flied out to right . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Ventura pitching for Royals . Molina flied out to right . Wong grounded out to second . Garcia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Cuthbert grounded out to second . Colón flied out to right . Butera walked . Butera to second on wild pitch by Wacha . Merrifield popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Ventura pitching for Royals . Carpenter homered to right center ( 424 feet ) . Moss doubled to right . Holliday grounded out to second , Moss to third . Piscotty hit by pitch . Adams hit sacrifice fly to center , Moss scored . Piscotty stole second . Peralta struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Escobar flied out to center . Cain grounded out to pitcher . Hosmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Ventura pitching for Royals . Molina flied out to right . Wong walked . Garcia singled to left , Wong to third . Flynn pitching for Royals . Carpenter doubled to deep right , Wong scored , Garcia to third . Moss safe at first on error by first baseman Hosmer , Garcia scored , Carpenter to third . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Carpenter scored , Moss out at second . Piscotty flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 6th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Morales singled to right . Orlando singled to center , Morales to second . Cuthbert doubled to deep left center , Morales and Orlando scored . Colón struck out swinging . Butera grounded out to second , Cuthbert to third . Merrifield struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Adams flied out to left . Peralta grounded out to third . Molina grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Moss at first base . Pham in center field . Wong in left field . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Escobar lined out to left . Cain grounded out to shortstop . Hosmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Dyson in center field . Flynn pitching for Royals . Wong grounded out to first . Garcia struck out swinging . Carpenter walked . Moss popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Morales struck out swinging . Orlando grounded out to shortstop . Cuthbert fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Moylan pitching for Royals . Holliday reached on infield single to third . Piscotty grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Holliday out at second . Pham walked . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Colón walked . Butera singled to center , Colón to second . Merrifield flied out to right . Escobar singled to right , Colón to third , Butera to second . Gordon hit for Dyson . Gordon fouled out to third . Hosmer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Royals 4 .	Cardinals ' offense comes alive in 8 - 4 win over Royals