Cardinals - Top 1st . Urena pitching for Marlins . Garcia reached on infield single to shortstop . Díaz flied out to left . Holliday popped out to shortstop . Adams popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . Prado singled to center . Suzuki lined into double play , third to first , Prado doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Urena pitching for Marlins . Molina singled to left . Hazelbaker homered to right ( 364 feet ) , Molina scored . Pham hit by pitch . Wong doubled to left , Pham scored . Leake struck out swinging . Garcia hit by pitch . Díaz struck out swinging . Holliday walked , Wong to third , Garcia to second . Adams lined out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Stanton flied out to right . Ozuna homered to left center ( 406 feet ) . Dietrich grounded out to second . Realmuto grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Urena pitching for Marlins . Molina fouled out to right . Hazelbaker walked . Pham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hazelbaker out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Rojas grounded out to pitcher . Ureña struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Urena pitching for Marlins . Wong tripled to deep center . Leake struck out looking . Garcia flied out to left , Wong out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Prado grounded out to third . Suzuki grounded out to catcher . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Urena pitching for Marlins . Díaz struck out swinging . Holliday reached on infield single to third . Adams walked , Holliday to second . Molina doubled to deep center , Holliday scored , Adams to third . Hazelbaker intentionally walked . Pham singled to left , Adams scored , Molina to third , Hazelbaker to second . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Wong singled to center , Molina scored , Hazelbaker to third , Pham to second . Leake walked , Hazelbaker scored , Pham to third , Wong to second . Garcia singled to center , Pham scored , Wong to third , Leake to second . Díaz hit sacrifice fly to right , Wong scored . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garcia out at second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Ozuna doubled to deep right center . Dietrich struck out swinging . Realmuto grounded out to second , Ozuna to third . Rojas doubled to left , Ozuna scored . Johnson hit for Dunn . Johnson doubled to deep center , Rojas scored . Gordon reached on infield single to catcher , Johnson to third . Prado homered to left ( 378 feet ) , Johnson and Gordon scored . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Adams singled to left . Molina flied out to right . Hazelbaker grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Adams out at second , Hazelbaker to second on throwing error by shortstop Rojas . Pham homered to center ( 424 feet ) , Hazelbaker scored . Wong flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Grichuk in right field . Stanton grounded out to third . Ozuna struck out swinging . Dietrich struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Grichuk struck out swinging . Garcia grounded out to second . Díaz singled to left . Holliday walked , Díaz to second . Adams flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Realmuto struck out swinging . Rojas grounded out to second . Hechavarría hit for Wittgren . Hechavarría grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Molina singled to right . Gyorko hit for Bowman . Gyorko struck out swinging . Pham struck out looking . Wong grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Kiekhefer pitching for Cardinals . Gordon singled to center . Prado fouled out to second , Gordon to second . Suzuki struck out swinging . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Stanton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Grichuk grounded out to shortstop . Garcia flied out to left . Díaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Ozuna grounded out to third . Dietrich popped out to shortstop . Realmuto singled to center . Rojas grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 11 - Marlins 6 .	Ichiro remains 2 from 3,000 in Marlins ' loss