Braves - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Inciarte singled to center . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Inciarte safe at second on error by second baseman Carpenter . Freeman walked , Inciarte to third , Aybar to second . Kemp struck out swinging . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Inciarte scored , Freeman out at second , Aybar to third . García grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Braves . Carpenter walked . Piscotty flied out to center . Moss struck out swinging . Holliday singled to right center , Carpenter to third . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Peterson grounded out to pitcher . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Braves . Molina grounded out to pitcher . Gyorko grounded out to second . Pham grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Inciarte singled to right . Aybar singled to center , Inciarte to third . Freeman homered to center ( 443 feet ) , Inciarte and Aybar scored . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . Markakis grounded out to first . García lined out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Braves . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . Carpenter grounded out to first . Piscotty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Peterson walked . Pierzynski flied out to center . Hernández struck out swinging . Inciarte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Braves . Moss singled to right . Holliday grounded out to third , Moss to second . Peralta singled to center , Moss scored . Molina doubled to deep right , Peralta to third . Gyorko hit sacrifice fly to right , Peralta scored . Pham fouled out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . Freeman singled to left . Kemp struck out swinging . Markakis singled to right , Freeman to second . García homered to right center ( 388 feet ) , Freeman and Markakis scored . Peterson struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Wong hit for Martínez . Hernandez pitching for Braves . Wong homered to right center ( 403 feet ) . Carpenter flied out to left . Piscotty struck out swinging . Moss fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Wong at second base . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Hernández struck out swinging . Inciarte grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Braves . Holliday singled to center . Ramírez pitching for Braves . Holliday to second on wild pitch by Ramírez . Peralta lined out to center . Molina lined out to right , Holliday to third . Gyorko walked . Pham walked , Gyorko to second . Krol pitching for Braves . Wong grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . Freeman walked . Kemp grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Freeman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Garcia hit for Maness . Krol pitching for Braves . Garcia grounded out to first . Piscotty grounded out to third . Moss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Duke pitching for Cardinals . Markakis singled to center . García walked , Markakis to second . Peterson struck out looking . Pierzynski grounded into double play , third to second to first , García out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Cabrera pitching for Braves . Holliday singled to center . Peralta singled to right , Holliday to second . Adams hit for Molina . Adams doubled to deep right , Holliday scored , Peralta to third . Gyorko flied out to center . Pham grounded out to second , Peralta scored , Adams to third . Wong struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Piscotty in center field . Moss in right field . Adams at first base . Rosario catching . d'Arnaud hit for Cabrera . d'Arnaud singled to right . d'Arnaud stole second . Inciarte homered to right ( 398 feet ) , d'Arnaud scored . Aybar struck out swinging . Freeman singled to center . Kemp homered to left ( 371 feet ) , Freeman scored . Markakis singled to left center . Williams pitching for Cardinals . García doubled to left , Markakis to third . Peterson safe at first on error by third baseman Gyorko . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Markakis out at home , García to third , Peterson to second . d'Arnaud doubled to deep left , García and Peterson scored , Pierzynski to third . Inciarte grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Hazelbaker hit for Williams . Hazelbaker singled to right . Piscotty singled to center , Hazelbaker to second . Moss struck out swinging . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Piscotty out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 13 - Cardinals 5 .	Freeman , Garcia shots boost Braves past Cardinals