Mets - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Reyes singled to right . Cabrera flied out to left . Céspedes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reyes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Lugo pitching for Mets . Carpenter flied out to center . Gyorko grounded out to third . Moss grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Loney singled to center . Granderson doubled to right , Loney to third . Flores hit sacrifice fly to left , Loney scored . De Aza struck out looking . Rivera intentionally walked . Lugo lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Lugo pitching for Mets . Piscotty struck out swinging . Molina singled to right . Peralta struck out looking . Grichuk doubled to deep left , Molina to third . Garcia intentionally walked . Wainwright struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Reyes fouled out to third . Cabrera doubled to right . Céspedes grounded out to shortstop . Loney fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Lugo pitching for Mets . Carpenter grounded out to pitcher . Gyorko struck out looking . Moss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Granderson safe at first on error by third baseman Peralta . Flores doubled to left , Granderson to third . De Aza singled to center , Granderson and Flores scored . Rivera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , De Aza out at second . Lugo singled to center . Reyes fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Lugo pitching for Mets . Piscotty walked . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Piscotty out at second . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera flied out to left . Céspedes walked . Loney singled to left center , Céspedes to third . Granderson struck out swinging . Flores safe at first on error by shortstop Garcia , Céspedes scored , Loney to second . De Aza homered to right ( 385 feet ) , Loney and Flores scored . Rivera struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Lugo pitching for Mets . Grichuk flied out to right . Garcia walked . Hazelbaker hit for Wainwright . Hazelbaker popped out to shortstop . Carpenter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Rosario catching . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Lugo grounded out to second . Reyes grounded out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Henderson pitching for Mets . Gyorko singled to left center . Moss homered to right ( 364 feet ) , Gyorko scored . Piscotty popped out to second . Rosario flied out to right . Peralta grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Céspedes doubled to right . Loney grounded out to pitcher . Granderson struck out swinging . Flores grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Blevins pitching for Mets . Grichuk grounded out to catcher . Garcia reached on infield single to second . Pham hit for Broxton . Pham struck out swinging . Carpenter singled to center , Garcia to second . Gyorko struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . De Aza walked . Rivera doubled to left , De Aza to third . Ruggiano hit for Blevins . Ruggiano struck out swinging . Reyes intentionally walked . Cabrera singled to center , De Aza scored , Rivera to third , Reyes to second . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Céspedes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Smoker pitching for Mets . Moss homered to right ( 397 feet ) . Piscotty singled to center . Rosario safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Flores , Piscotty to second . Reed pitching for Mets . Peralta flied out to center . Grichuk reached on infield single to third , Piscotty to third , Rosario to second . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Piscotty scored , Grichuk out at second , Rosario to third . Wong hit for Williams . Wong grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 9th . Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals . Loney singled to left center . Granderson struck out swinging . Flores singled to left center , Loney to second . De Aza flied out to center . Rivera singled to deep right , Loney and Flores scored . Johnson hit for Reed . Johnson lined out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Gilmartin pitching for Mets . Carpenter struck out looking . Gyorko homered to center ( 414 feet ) . Moss lined out to second . Piscotty homered to center ( 398 feet ) . Rosario grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 10 - Cardinals 6 .	Wainwright loses glove and game , too , as Mets beat Cardinals