Athletics - Top 1st . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Smolinski struck out looking . Semien grounded out to pitcher . Valencia reached on infield single to third . Davis homered to right center ( 404 feet ) , Valencia scored . Healy hit ground rule double to deep left . Vogt hit by pitch . Eibner struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Carpenter doubled to right center . Gyorko grounded out to third . Moss struck out swinging . Carpenter to third on wild pitch by Triggs . Piscotty singled to left center , Carpenter scored . Peralta grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Pinder struck out swinging . Triggs struck out looking . Smolinski grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Grichuk struck out swinging . Garcia struck out looking . Rosario popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Semien safe at first on throwing error by pitcher García . Valencia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Semien out at second . Valencia caught stealing second , catcher to second . Davis walked . Healy doubled to left , Davis to third . Vogt homered to right center ( 405 feet ) , Davis and Healy scored . Eibner struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Triggs pitching for Athletics . García struck out swinging . Carpenter homered to center ( 436 feet ) . Gyorko struck out swinging . Moss flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Pinder reached on infield single to shortstop . Triggs struck out swinging . Smolinski grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pinder out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Piscotty struck out swinging . Peralta flied out to center . Grichuk lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Semien grounded out to shortstop . Valencia singled to left . Davis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Valencia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Garcia grounded out to second . Rosario struck out looking . García grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Healy grounded out to shortstop . Vogt fouled out to catcher . Eibner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Carpenter doubled to right . Gyorko flied out to right , Carpenter to third . Moss hit sacrifice fly to center , Carpenter scored . Piscotty struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Pinder grounded out to pitcher . Alcántara hit for Triggs . Alcántara grounded out to pitcher . Smolinski grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Dull pitching for Athletics . Peralta grounded out to third . Grichuk fouled out to catcher . Garcia singled to right center . Rosario doubled to right , Garcia scored , Rosario out stretching at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Semien singled to center . Valencia doubled to right , Semien scored , Valencia to third advancing on throw . Davis struck out swinging . Healy intentionally walked . Duke pitching for Cardinals . Vogt safe at first on error by pitcher Duke , Valencia scored , Healy to second . Eibner struck out swinging . Pinder struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Alonso at first base . Pham hit for Duke . Pham struck out looking . Carpenter flied out to center . Gyorko grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Socolovich pitching for Cardinals . Alonso grounded out to second . Smolinski grounded out to third . Semien grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Madson pitching for Athletics . Moss singled to right center . Piscotty struck out swinging . Peralta singled to center , Moss to second . Grichuk lined out to third . Garcia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 7 - Cardinals 4 .	Triggs earns first win as Athletics power past Cardinals 7 - 4