Brewers - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Villar grounded out to first . Gennett walked . Pérez struck out looking . Carter hit by pitch , Gennett to second . Nieuwenhuis safe at first on error by shortstop Gyorko , Gennett scored , Carter advanced to second on Gyorko error , Carter thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Carpenter grounded out to second . Wong struck out swinging . Piscotty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Santana singled to left center . Arcia singled to right , Santana to second . Piña grounded into double play , third to second to first , Arcia out at second , Santana to third . Nelson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Moss fouled out to third . Molina grounded out to first . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Villar reached on infield single to shortstop . Gennett homered to right center ( 400 feet ) , Villar scored . Pérez singled to left . Carter grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pérez out at second . Nieuwenhuis singled to right , Carter to second . Santana grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Nieuwenhuis out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Gyorko lined out to third . Grichuk flied out to right . Martínez singled to center . Carpenter homered to right ( 408 feet ) , Martínez scored . Wong walked . Wong to second on wild pitch by Nelson . Piscotty homered to right ( 374 feet ) , Wong scored . Moss lined out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Arcia grounded out to shortstop . Piña singled to center . Nelson grounded into double play , first to second , Piña doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Peralta grounded out to third . Gyorko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Villar grounded out to shortstop . Gennett grounded out to second . Pérez singled to center . Pérez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Carter batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Grichuk singled to left center . Martínez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Grichuk out at second . Carpenter singled to right . Wong walked , Carpenter to second . Piscotty reached on fielding error by third baseman Villar , Carpenter to third , Wong to second . Moss flied out to right . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Carter singled to left . Nieuwenhuis flied out to right . Santana hit by pitch , Carter to second . Arcia lined out to right . Piña flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Molina grounded out to third . Peralta flied out to right . Gyorko grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Elmore hit for Nelson . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Elmore grounded out to shortstop . Villar grounded out to shortstop . Gennett flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Suter pitching for Brewers . Grichuk struck out swinging . Adams hit for Martínez . Adams struck out swinging . Carpenter lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Pérez struck out swinging . Carter struck out looking . Broxton hit for Nieuwenhuis . Broxton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Broxton in center field . Suter pitching for Brewers . Wong hit by pitch . Mariñez pitching for Brewers . Piscotty sacrificed to pitcher , Wong to second . Moss intentionally walked . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , Moss out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Pham in left field . Santana walked . Arcia struck out swinging . Piña struck out swinging . Braun hit for Mariñez . Braun grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Cardinals 4 .	Carpenter and Piscotty homer to power Cardinals over Brewers