Astros - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Bourn singled to left . Bourn stole second . Keppinger singled to center , Bourn to third . Feliz popped out to second . Berkman grounded out to pitcher , Bourn scored , Keppinger to second . Lee walked . Pence lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Infante reached on infield single to shortstop . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Infante out at second . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Prado out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Matsui grounded out to second . Quintero flied out to center . Rodriguez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Glaus struck out swinging . Diaz walked . Heyward singled to center , Diaz to second . Ross struck out swinging . McLouth grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Bourn grounded out to second . Keppinger singled to center . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Keppinger out at second . Berkman walked , Feliz to second . Lee fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Hudson singled to right . Infante flied out to right . Prado singled to left , Hudson to second . Jones flied out to center , Hudson to third , Prado to second . Glaus doubled to deep right , Hudson and Prado scored . Diaz struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Pence grounded out to shortstop . Matsui singled to left . Matsui caught stealing second , catcher to second . Quintero grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Heyward grounded out to second . Ross singled to right . McLouth singled to right , Ross to second . Ross caught stealing third , catcher to shortstop to third . Hudson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Rodriguez reached on infield single to second . Bourn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . Bourn caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop to first . Keppinger grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Infante safe at first on error by third baseman Feliz . Prado singled to center , Infante to second . Jones struck out swinging . Glaus singled to center , Infante scored , Prado to second , Prado to third on error by center fielder Bourn . Diaz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Prado scored , Glaus out at second . Diaz stole second . Heyward hit by pitch . Ross singled to left , Diaz scored , Heyward to third . McLouth flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Feliz struck out looking . Berkman grounded out to second . Lee lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Sampson pitching for Astros . Hudson flied out to right . Infante singled to right . Prado flied out to right . Jones walked , Infante to second . Glaus singled to deep right center , Infante scored , Jones to third . Diaz lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Pence grounded out to second . Matsui grounded out to second . Quintero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Gervacio pitching for Astros . Heyward homered to left center ( 427 feet ) . Ross walked . McLouth walked , Ross to second . Hinske grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McLouth out at second , Ross to third . Infante singled to left , Ross scored , Hinske to second . Prado doubled to deep left , Hinske and Infante scored . Jones flied out to center . Glaus flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Blum struck out swinging . Michaels flied out to center . Keppinger flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Moehler pitching for Astros . Diaz flied out to right . Heyward walked . Ross grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Heyward out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Venters pitching for Braves . Feliz singled to center . Manzella walked , Feliz to second . Lee flied out to center , Feliz to third . Pence walked , Manzella to second . Towles struck out swinging . Quintero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 1 - Braves 10 .	Heyward homers as Braves win second straight