Astros - Top 1st . Penny pitching for Cardinals . Bourn grounded out to second . Matsui hit by pitch . Berkman grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Myers pitching for Astros . Rasmus struck out swinging . Ludwick walked . Pujols singled to center , Ludwick to third . Holliday grounded out to second , Ludwick scored , Pujols to second . Freese walked . Molina grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Penny pitching for Cardinals . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Pence grounded out to second . Blum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Myers pitching for Astros . Schumaker popped out to shortstop . Ryan struck out swinging . Penny grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Penny pitching for Cardinals . Manzella singled to center . Cash grounded into double play , third to second to first , Manzella out at second . Myers safe at first on error by shortstop Ryan . Bourn singled to center , Myers to second . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Myers pitching for Astros . Rasmus flied out to right . Ludwick doubled to deep left center . Pujols reached on infield single to shortstop . Holliday singled to center , Ludwick to third , Pujols to second . Freese singled to right , Ludwick scored , Pujols to third , Holliday to second . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Freese out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Penny pitching for Cardinals . Berkman struck out swinging . Lee lined out to left . Pence grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Myers pitching for Astros . Schumaker singled to center . Ryan flied out to right . Schumaker to second on wild pitch by Myers . Penny singled to center , Schumaker thrown out at home , Schumaker to third advancing on play . Rasmus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Penny pitching for Cardinals . Blum singled to right . Manzella grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blum out at second . Manzella caught stealing second , catcher to second . Cash grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Myers pitching for Astros . Ludwick reached on infield single to second . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ludwick out at second . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Penny pitching for Cardinals . Myers grounded out to second . Bourn flied out to left . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Myers pitching for Astros . Freese grounded out to third . Molina flied out to center . Schumaker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Penny pitching for Cardinals . Berkman flied out to center . Lee safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ryan . Pence doubled to deep center , Lee to third . Blum hit by pitch . Manzella hit sacrifice fly to right , Lee scored , Pence to third . Sullivan hit for Cash . Sullivan singled to left , Pence scored , Blum to second . Quintero hit for Myers . Quintero singled to left , Blum scored , Sullivan to second , Sullivan to third , Quintero to second on error by catcher Molina . Bourn reached on bunt single to first , Sullivan scored , Quintero to third . Matsui grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Quintero catching . Jay hit for Ryan . Jay reached on infield single to second . Greene hit for Penny . Greene walked , Jay to second . Rasmus flied out to left . Ludwick singled to center , Jay scored , Greene to second . Sampson pitching for Astros . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ludwick out at second , Greene to third . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pujols out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Jay in center field . Greene at shortstop . Berkman homered to right ( 406 feet ) . Lee flied out to center . Pence homered to left ( 375 feet ) . Blum struck out swinging . Manzella struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Lyon pitching for Astros . Feliz at third base . Freese flied out to right . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Schumaker grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Feliz lined out to second . Quintero flied out to center . Bourn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Lindstrom pitching for Astros . Jay grounded out to second . Greene fouled out to first . Stavinoha hit for Boggs . Stavinoha singled to center . Ludwick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 6 - Cardinals 3 .	Myers outduels Penny as Astros beat Cardinals