Astros - Top 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Bourn grounded out to second . Keppinger grounded out to shortstop . Berkman walked . Lee flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Schumaker safe at first on error by second baseman Keppinger . Ludwick grounded out to second , Schumaker to second . Pujols lined out to center . Holliday singled to left , Schumaker scored , Holliday to second advancing on throw . Freese grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Pence lined out to right . Feliz reached on infield single to shortstop , Feliz to second on throwing error by shortstop Ryan . Quintero grounded out to shortstop . Manzella struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Molina grounded out to third . Stavinoha struck out looking . Ryan fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Rodriguez singled to center . Bourn singled to right , Rodriguez to second . Keppinger sacrificed to pitcher , Rodriguez to third , Bourn to second . Berkman walked . Lee hit sacrifice fly to right , Rodriguez scored . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Berkman out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Lohse grounded out to third . Schumaker lined out to center . Ludwick popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Feliz singled to left . Quintero safe at first on error by shortstop Ryan , Feliz to second . Manzella struck out swinging . Rodriguez bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Feliz out at third , Quintero to second . Bourn singled to center , Quintero to third , Rodriguez to second . Keppinger doubled to left , Quintero , Rodriguez and Bourn scored . Berkman homered to right ( 357 feet ) , Keppinger scored . Lee flied out to left . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Pujols flied out to right . Holliday fouled out to first . Freese walked . Molina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . LaRue catching . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Pence singled to center . Feliz flied out to center . Quintero hit ground rule double to deep right center , Pence to third . Manzella intentionally walked . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to center , Pence scored . Bourn grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Stavinoha struck out swinging . Ryan grounded out to third . Lohse grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Keppinger singled to center . Berkman walked , Keppinger to second . Lee walked , Keppinger to third , Berkman to second . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Pence grounded out to third , Keppinger scored , Berkman to third , Lee to second . Feliz hit sacrifice fly to center , Berkman scored , Lee to third . Quintero grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Schumaker grounded out to first . Ludwick singled to center . Pujols doubled to deep center , Ludwick scored . Holliday walked . Freese hit ground rule double to deep right , Pujols scored , Holliday to third . LaRue grounded out to first , Holliday scored , Freese to third . Stavinoha singled to center , Freese scored . Ryan grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Manzella grounded out to shortstop . Michaels hit for Rodriguez . Michaels grounded out to first . Bourn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Sampson pitching for Astros . Jay hit for Miller . Jay grounded out to second . Schumaker flied out to left . Ludwick doubled to deep left . Pujols walked . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Keppinger grounded out to third . Berkman walked . Lee singled to left , Berkman to second . Pence flied out to center . Feliz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Astros . Sullivan in left field . Freese grounded out to pitcher . LaRue struck out swinging . Stavinoha struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Quintero struck out swinging . Manzella lined out to center . Sullivan flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Rasmus hit for Ryan . Lopez pitching for Astros . Rasmus flied out to center . Greene hit for Reyes . Greene lined out to left . Schumaker singled to center . Ludwick singled to center , Schumaker to second . Lindstrom pitching for Astros . Pujols doubled to right , Schumaker scored , Ludwick to third . Holliday lined out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 9 - Cardinals 6 .	Berkman powers Rodriguez , Astros past Cards