Nationals - Top 1st . Moehler pitching for Astros . Guzman grounded out to first . Morgan grounded out to first . Zimmerman doubled to deep left . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Martin pitching for Nationals . Bourn grounded out to second . Keppinger safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Guzman . Berkman singled to right , Keppinger to third . Lee singled to right , Keppinger scored , Berkman to second . Pence singled to left , Berkman thrown out at home , Lee to second . Feliz popped out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Moehler pitching for Astros . Willingham struck out swinging . Bernadina grounded out to second . Kennedy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Martin pitching for Nationals . Manzella grounded out to shortstop . Cash homered to left ( 377 feet ) . Moehler singled to shallow center . Bourn grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Moehler out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Moehler pitching for Astros . Maldonado grounded out to first . Martin singled to center . Guzman flied out to center . Morgan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Martin pitching for Nationals . Keppinger flied out to right . Berkman homered to left ( 346 feet ) . Lee flied out to center . Pence struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Moehler pitching for Astros . Zimmerman singled to left . Dunn grounded out to second , Zimmerman to second . Willingham singled to center , Zimmerman scored . Bernadina flied out to left . Kennedy lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Martin pitching for Nationals . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . Manzella grounded out to third . Cash walked . Moehler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cash out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Moehler pitching for Astros . Maldonado singled to center . Martin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Maldonado out at second . Guzman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Martin pitching for Nationals . Bourn grounded out to shortstop . Keppinger struck out looking . Berkman safe at first on error by shortstop Guzman . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . Moehler pitching for Astros . Morgan grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman walked . Byrdak pitching for Astros . Dunn flied out to center . Daigle pitching for Astros . Willingham singled to left , Zimmerman to second . Bernadina singled to right , Zimmerman scored , Willingham to third . Bernadina stole second . Kennedy grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Martin pitching for Nationals . Pence grounded out to third . Feliz doubled to deep left . Manzella struck out looking . Cash reached on infield single to third , Feliz to third . Michaels hit for Daigle . Storen pitching for Nationals . Harris in right field . Michaels flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Maldonado singled to left . Harris flied out to center . Guzman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Maldonado out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Bourn walked . Keppinger singled to center , Bourn to second . Berkman flied out to right , Bourn to third . Lee popped out to shortstop . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Keppinger out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Lyon pitching for Astros . Morgan singled to right center . Zimmerman hit by pitch , Morgan to second . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Guzman in right field . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Desmond at shortstop . Harris in left field . Feliz fouled out to first . Manzella grounded out to shortstop . Cash fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Lindstrom pitching for Astros . Desmond struck out swinging . Kennedy lined out to first . Morse hit for Maldonado . Morse singled to center . Harris tripled to deep left , Morse scored . Guzman singled to center , Harris scored . Guzman stole second . Morgan grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Nieves catching . Capps pitching for Nationals . Sullivan hit for Lindstrom . Sullivan grounded out to second . Bourn doubled to center . Keppinger grounded out to shortstop . Berkman safe at second on error by right fielder Guzman , Bourn scored . Lee homered to left ( 366 feet ) , Berkman scored . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Nationals 4 - Astros 6 .	Lee 's 2 - run HR caps off another Astros walk - off