Astros - Top 1st . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Bourn grounded out to second . Keppinger walked . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Keppinger out at second . Lee singled to left center , Berkman to second . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lee out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Spilborghs walked . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Spilborghs out at second . Hawpe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Feliz reached on infield single to pitcher . Quintero reached on infield single to first , Feliz to second . Manzella grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Quintero out at second , Feliz to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Olivo singled to left . Helton fouled out to third . Mora singled to center , Olivo to third . Barmes doubled to deep left , Olivo and Mora scored . Hammel grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Bourn flied out to center . Keppinger walked . Berkman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Keppinger out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Spilborghs doubled to deep right . Tulowitzki singled to center , Spilborghs to third . Hawpe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Spilborghs scored , Tulowitzki out at second . Hawpe caught stealing second , catcher to second . Olivo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Pence grounded out to shortstop . Feliz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Helton lined out to shortstop . Mora singled to center . Barmes singled to center , Mora to second . Hammel sacrificed to catcher , Mora to third , Barmes to second . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Quintero grounded out to second . Manzella grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez singled to left . Bourn lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Spilborghs reached on infield single to shortstop . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Hawpe singled to left center , Spilborghs to second . Spilborghs caught stealing third , catcher to third , Hawpe to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Olivo intentionally walked . Helton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Keppinger grounded out to third . Berkman struck out swinging . Lee popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Mora struck out swinging . Barmes flied out to left . Hammel lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Pence flied out to right . Feliz singled to left . Quintero lined out to left . Manzella struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Sullivan hit for Rodriguez . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Sullivan flied out to left . Bourn walked . Keppinger singled to right , Bourn to second . Beimel pitching for Rockies . Berkman grounded into double play , third to first , Bourn out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Byrdak pitching for Astros . Hawpe doubled to deep right . Olivo tripled to deep center , Hawpe scored . Helton hit sacrifice fly to left , Olivo scored . Daigle pitching for Astros . Mora flied out to right . Barmes flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Herrera at third base . Daley pitching for Rockies . Lee grounded out to second . Pence grounded out to second . Feliz singled to left . Quintero singled to left , Feliz to second . Blum hit for Manzella . Blum singled to right , Feliz scored , Quintero to second . Michaels hit for Daigle . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Michaels struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 1 - Rockies 5 .	Barmes ' 2 - run double lifts Rockies by Astros