Astros - Top 1st . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Bourn grounded out to shortstop . Keppinger grounded out to second . Berkman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Moehler pitching for Astros . Andrus reached on infield single to second . Young flied out to center . Andrus stole second . Kinsler popped out to first . Guerrero grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Lee flied out to center . Pence grounded out to shortstop . Blum doubled to left . Johnson doubled to center , Blum scored . Quintero lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Moehler pitching for Astros . Hamilton singled to right . Cruz struck out swinging . Smoak grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hamilton out at second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Smoak out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Bourgeois singled to right . Bourgeois stole second . Bourn grounded out to second , Bourgeois to third . Keppinger fouled out to first . Berkman popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Moehler pitching for Astros . Borbon grounded out to second . Andrus grounded out to first . Young singled to left . Kinsler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Blanco at second base . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Lee singled to left . Pence struck out swinging . Blum singled to right , Blum out at second , Lee to third . Johnson singled to right , Lee scored . Quintero struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Moehler pitching for Astros . Guerrero safe at first on error by third baseman Johnson . Hamilton singled to right , Guerrero to second . Cruz lined out to shortstop . Smoak singled to right , Guerrero to third , Hamilton to second . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to center , Guerrero scored , Hamilton to third . Borbon walked , Smoak to second . Andrus struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 5th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Bourgeois grounded out to third . Bourn struck out looking . Keppinger walked . Berkman popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Moehler pitching for Astros . Young singled to center . Blanco bunt popped out to pitcher . Guerrero singled to left , Young to second . Hamilton singled to right , Young scored , Guerrero to third . Cruz fouled out to catcher . Smoak walked , Hamilton to second . Ramirez walked , Guerrero scored , Hamilton to third , Smoak to second . Borbon flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Lee doubled to deep left . Pence doubled to deep left center , Lee scored . Blum doubled to deep right center , Pence scored . O'Day pitching for Rangers . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Quintero safe at first on error by pitcher O'Day , Blum advanced to third on O'Day error , Blum scored , Quintero to second on throwing error by second baseman Blanco . Bourgeois struck out swinging . Bourn lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Sampson pitching for Astros . Andrus singled to center . Young grounded into double play , third to second to first , Andrus out at second . Blanco singled to right . Guerrero flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Ray pitching for Rangers . Keppinger grounded out to second . Berkman homered to center ( 456 feet ) . Lee doubled to deep left . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lee out at third . Blum intentionally walked . Navarro ran for Blum . Johnson singled to center , Pence scored , Navarro to third . Quintero fouled out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Navarro at shortstop . Chacin pitching for Astros . Hamilton struck out swinging . Cruz struck out swinging . Smoak doubled to deep left center . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Bourgeois grounded out to second . Bourn reached on infield single to third . Keppinger flied out to center . Bourn stole second . Berkman walked . Lee walked , Bourn to third , Berkman to second . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lee out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Chacin pitching for Astros . Borbon singled to right . Lopez pitching for Astros . Andrus sacrificed to pitcher , Borbon to second . Young grounded out to second , Borbon to third . Murphy hit for Blanco . Murphy singled to left , Borbon scored . Guerrero popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Arias at second base . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Navarro safe at first on error by third baseman Young . Johnson singled to center , Navarro to second . Quintero struck out swinging . Navarro to third , Johnson to second on wild pitch by Ogando . Bourgeois walked . Bourn grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Navarro out at home , Johnson to third , Bourgeois to second . Keppinger grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Lindstrom pitching for Astros . Hamilton safe at first on error by shortstop Navarro . Cruz bunt popped out to first . Hamilton to second on wild pitch by Lindstrom . Smoak grounded out to second , Hamilton to third . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Astros 7 - Rangers 4 .	Rangers ' 11 - game run over