Astros - Top 1st . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Bourgeois singled to center . Bourgeois stole second . Keppinger doubled to deep center , Bourgeois scored . Pence grounded out to shortstop . Lee popped out to shortstop . Michaels flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Figueroa pitching for Astros . Espinosa struck out swinging . Kennedy grounded out to first . Desmond popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Johnson grounded out to first . Sanchez hit by pitch . Quintero grounded into double play , third to second to first , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Figueroa pitching for Astros . Morse homered to right ( 359 feet ) . Bernadina reached on infield single to second . Ramos singled to center , Bernadina to second . Maxwell grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ramos out at second , Bernadina to third . Gonzalez flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Figueroa singled to right . Bourgeois lined into double play , shortstop to first , Figueroa doubled off first . Keppinger walked . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Keppinger out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Figueroa pitching for Astros . Detwiler struck out looking . Espinosa grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Lee popped out to first . Michaels walked . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Michaels out at second . Johnson stole second . Sanchez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Figueroa pitching for Astros . Desmond flied out to right . Morse grounded out to shortstop . Bernadina grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Quintero singled to center . Figueroa sacrificed to first , Quintero to second . Bourgeois flied out to center . Keppinger singled to left , Quintero to third . Pence singles to shortstop , Quintero scored , Keppinger to second . Lee flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Figueroa pitching for Astros . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Maxwell grounded out to second . Gonzalez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Michaels grounded out to second . Johnson grounded out to third . Sanchez singled to center . Quintero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Harris hit for Detwiler . Figueroa pitching for Astros . Harris struck out swinging . Espinosa walked . Kennedy flied out to center . Desmond singled to right , Espinosa to third . Morse doubled to deep left , Espinosa and Desmond scored . Bernadina homered to left ( 391 feet ) , Morse scored . Ramos struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Bogusevic hit for Figueroa . Bogusevic grounded out to second . Bourgeois grounded out to third . Keppinger singled to center . Pence singled to right , Keppinger to second . Lee grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Villar pitching for Astros . Maxwell walked . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Maxwell out at second . Mench hit for Stammen . Mench flied out to right . Chacin pitching for Astros . Chacin pitching for Astros . Chacin pitching for Astros . Chacin pitching for Astros . Espinosa homered to left ( 419 feet ) , Gonzalez scored . Chacin pitching for Astros . Chacin pitching for Astros . Chacin pitching for Astros . Chacin pitching for Astros . Espinosa homered to left ( 419 feet ) , Gonzalez scored . Kennedy singled to left . Del Rosario pitching for Astros . Kennedy stole second . Desmond grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Michaels flied out to center . Johnson struck out looking . Sanchez fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Del Rosario pitching for Astros . Morse hit by pitch . Wright pitching for Astros . Bernadina walked , Morse to second . Ramos flied out to right . Maxwell struck out looking . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Balester pitching for Nationals . Hernandez hit for Quintero . Hernandez doubled to deep right center . Blum hit for Wright . Blum struck out swinging . Bourgeois walked . Keppinger grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bourgeois out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 2 - Nationals 7 .	Morse 's HR , 3 RBIs help Nationals handle Astros