Braves - Top 1st . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Inciarte flied out to left . García singled to left , García out stretching at second . Freeman singled to left . Freeman stole second . Kemp flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Braves . Villar doubled to left . Villar stole third . Thames walked . Braun grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Thames out at second . Shaw hit by pitch , Braun to second . Santana walked , Villar scored , Braun to third , Shaw to second . Pérez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Santana out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Markakis flied out to center . Phillips singled to deep right , Phillips out stretching at second . Flowers singled to right . Swanson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Flowers out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Braves . Piña lined out to first . Arcia doubled to deep right . Nelson grounded out to second , Arcia to third . Villar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . García grounded out to shortstop . Inciarte walked . Inciarte stole second . García grounded out to third , Inciarte to third . Freeman doubled to left , Inciarte scored . Kemp struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for Braves . Thames struck out looking . Braun lined out to center . Shaw struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Markakis singled to center . Phillips grounded out to third , Markakis to second . Flowers singled to left center , Markakis scored . Swanson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Flowers out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for Braves . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Pérez grounded out to second . Piña struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . García struck out swinging . Inciarte doubled to right center . García grounded out to third . Inciarte scored on Piña 's passed ball . Freeman reached on infield single to third . Kemp homered to right ( 396 feet ) , Freeman scored . Markakis doubled to right . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for Braves . Arcia flied out to right . Broxton hit for Nelson . Broxton reached on infield single to shortstop . Villar walked , Broxton to second . Thames flied out to right , Broxton to third . Braun walked , Villar to second . Aguilar hit for Shaw . Broxton scored , Villar to third , Braun to second on wild pitch by García . Aguilar flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Milone pitching for Brewers . Pérez at third base . Broxton in center field . Flowers grounded out to third . Swanson singled to left . García bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Swanson out at second . Inciarte singled to center , García to second . García popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for Braves . Santana lined out to center . Pérez walked . Piña lined out to right . Arcia grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Milone pitching for Brewers . Freeman grounded out to first . Kemp homered to left ( 362 feet ) . Markakis singled to right . Phillips flied out to center . Flowers singled to right center , Markakis to second , Markakis scored , Flowers to second on error by right fielder Santana . Swanson homered to left ( 374 feet ) , Flowers scored . Adams hit for García . Adams struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 7th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Broxton walked . Villar singled to right , Broxton to third . Thames grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Broxton scored , Villar out at second . Braun struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Mariñez pitching for Brewers . Franklin in left field . Inciarte struck out swinging . García singled to shallow left center . Freeman grounded into fielder 's choice to first , García out at second . Kemp homered to right ( 382 feet ) , Freeman scored . Markakis grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Peterson at second base . Wisler pitching for Braves . Franklin lined out to center . Santana walked . Pérez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Hughes pitching for Brewers . Peterson lined out to center . Flowers reached on infield single to second . Swanson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Flowers out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Krol pitching for Braves . Piña flied out to right . Arcia grounded out to shortstop . Broxton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 11 - Brewers 3 .	Kemp hits 3 HRs in Braves ' 4th straight win