Brewers - Top 1st . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Villar doubled to deep left . Thames flied out to left . Braun grounded out to shortstop , Villar to third . Shaw grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Zobrist homered to right ( 405 feet ) . Schwarber walked . Bryant singled to right center , Schwarber to second . Rizzo flied out to center , Schwarber to third . Happ doubled to deep right , Schwarber scored , Bryant to third . Heyward walked . Contreras hit sacrifice fly to right , Bryant scored . Russell lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Pérez grounded out to second . Bandy flied out to right . Broxton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Arrieta grounded out to third . Zobrist lined out to right . Schwarber flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Arcia popped out to second . Anderson struck out looking . Villar singled to right center . Villar stole second . Thames grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Bryant homered to right ( 422 feet ) . Rizzo walked . Happ struck out swinging . Heyward grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Rizzo out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Braun grounded out to shortstop . Shaw singled to right . Pérez lined out to left . Bandy hit by pitch , Shaw to second . Shaw to third , Bandy to second on wild pitch by Arrieta . Broxton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Contreras doubled to shallow left . Russell doubled to right center , Contreras scored . Arrieta grounded out to shortstop . Zobrist struck out swinging . Schwarber grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Arcia singled to right . Anderson safe at first on error by pitcher Arrieta , Arcia to second . Villar walked , Arcia to third , Anderson to second . Thames grounded out to first , Arcia scored , Anderson to third , Villar to second . Braun popped out to third . Shaw struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Aguilar at first base . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Bryant homered to left ( 367 feet ) . Rizzo hit by pitch . Scahill pitching for Brewers . Happ grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Rizzo out at second . Heyward grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Pérez reached on infield single to shortstop . Bandy struck out looking . Broxton struck out looking . Pérez to second on wild pitch by Arrieta . Pérez to third on wild pitch by Arrieta . Arcia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Scahill pitching for Brewers . Contreras reached on infield single to shortstop . Russell lined out to left . Jay hit for Arrieta . Jay singled to left , Contreras to second . Zobrist flied out to center , Contreras to third . Contreras scored , Jay to second on wild pitch by Scahill . Schwarber safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Villar , Jay scored . Bryant hit by pitch , Schwarber to second . Rizzo grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Strop pitching for Cubs . Jay in left field . Sogard hit for Scahill . Sogard reached on infield single to third . Villar grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Sogard out at second . Aguilar hit by pitch . Aguilar to second on passed ball by Contreras . Braun grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Feliz pitching for Brewers . Happ struck out swinging . Heyward doubled to center . Heyward to third on passed ball by Bandy . Contreras hit sacrifice fly to center , Heyward scored . Russell struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Floro pitching for Cubs . Shaw struck out swinging . Pérez flied out to right . Bandy singled to center . Broxton singled to right , Bandy to second . Arcia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Hughes pitching for Brewers . Jay doubled to deep center . Zobrist flied out to left , Jay to third . Floro struck out swinging . Bryant hit by pitch . Jay scored , Bryant to second on wild pitch by Hughes . Rizzo homered to right center ( 415 feet ) , Bryant scored . Happ doubled to deep center . Heyward walked . Contreras singled to left center , Happ scored , Heyward to second . Drake pitching for Brewers . Russell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Contreras out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Franklin hit for Drake . Floro pitching for Cubs . Franklin walked . Villar reached on infield single to shortstop , Franklin to second . Aguilar doubled to left , Franklin scored , Villar to third . Braun grounded out to pitcher , Villar scored , Aguilar to third . Shaw homered to right ( 405 feet ) , Aguilar scored . Pérez singled to right . Bandy grounded out to third , Pérez to second . Broxton doubled to shallow right , Pérez scored . Arcia grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 6 - Cubs 13 .	Bryant hits 2 HRs to back Arrieta ; Cubs rout Brewers 13 - 6