Brewers - Top 1st . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Brinson struck out looking . Santana struck out swinging . Aguilar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Carpenter doubled to deep right center . Pham grounded out to third . Piscotty singled to right , Carpenter to third . Martínez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carpenter scored , Piscotty out at second . Wong struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Shaw grounded out to second . Pérez flied out to right . Piña lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Díaz flied out to left . Garcia walked . Fryer flied out to right . Gonzales singled to right , Garcia to second . Carpenter singled to right center , Garcia scored , Gonzales to third . Pham grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Broxton homered to center ( 402 feet ) . Arcia grounded out to shortstop . Nelson grounded out to second . Brinson reached on infield single to third . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Brinson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Piscotty grounded out to third . Martínez walked . Wong struck out swinging . Díaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Aguilar homered to left center ( 407 feet ) . Shaw homered to right center ( 383 feet ) . Pérez grounded out to third . Piña doubled to deep left . Broxton tripled to deep left center , Piña scored . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Arcia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Broxton scored . Nelson bunt popped out foul to catcher . Arcia stole second . Brinson struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Garcia singled to center . Fryer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Garcia out at second . Huffman hit for Brebbia . Huffman singled to left center . Carpenter flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Aguilar grounded out to pitcher . Shaw flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Pham hit by pitch . Piscotty grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pham out at second . Martínez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . Pérez reached on bunt single to pitcher . Pérez picked off and caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Piña struck out looking . Broxton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Wong singled to center . Díaz reached on infield single to third , Wong to second . Garcia hit by pitch , Wong to third , Díaz to second . Fryer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wong scored , Garcia out at second , Díaz to third . Fowler hit for Cecil . Fowler singled to shallow left , Díaz scored . Hader pitching for Brewers . Fowler caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Carpenter batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Arcia grounded out to shortstop . Franklin hit for Hader . Franklin flied out to center . Brinson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Hughes pitching for Brewers . Carpenter homered to right ( 408 feet ) . Pham struck out swinging . Piscotty grounded out to third . Martínez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Santana walked . Aguilar walked , Santana to second . Shaw singled to center , Santana scored , Aguilar to second . Pérez singled to center , Aguilar to third , Shaw to second . Gyorko in left field . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Piña singled to center , Aguilar scored , Shaw to third , Pérez to second . Broxton hit sacrifice fly to left , Shaw scored , Pérez to third . Arcia popped out to first . Thames hit for Hughes . Thames flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Barnes pitching for Brewers . Wong singled to center . Díaz flied out to center . Wong to second on wild pitch by Barnes . Garcia grounded out to second , Wong to third . Fryer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals . Brinson grounded out to second . Santana singled to left . Aguilar walked , Santana to second . Shaw struck out swinging . Pérez lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Gyorko fouled out to first . Carpenter lined out to right . Pham reached on infield single to third . Pham to second on fielder 's indifference . Piscotty struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 8 - Cardinals 5 .	Shaw , Broxton homer as Brewers beat Cards 8 - 5 to split DH