Brewers - Top 1st . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Thames grounded out to third . Walker walked . Braun grounded into double play , third to second to first , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Garcia singled to center . Pham grounded out to shortstop , Garcia to second . DeJong grounded out to third , Garcia to third . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Shaw reached on infield single to shortstop . Santana singled to right , Shaw to second . Vogt singled to shallow left , Shaw scored , Santana to second . Arcia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vogt out at second , Santana to third . Phillips grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Piscotty grounded out to third . Grichuk struck out swinging . Díaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Anderson struck out looking . Thames walked . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Thames out at second . Braun popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Kelly lined out to right . Gant grounded out to first . Garcia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Shaw lined out to left . Santana struck out swinging . Vogt homered to right ( 384 feet ) . Arcia singled to left . Phillips struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Pham grounded out to third . DeJong homered to center ( 403 feet ) . Martínez grounded out to second . Piscotty grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Thames reached on infield single to shortstop . Walker flied out to center . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Grichuk struck out swinging . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . Kelly grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Shaw walked . Santana doubled to left , Shaw to third . Bader in left field . Lucas pitching for Cardinals . Vogt grounded out to second , Shaw scored , Santana to third . Arcia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santana scored . Phillips singled to right , Arcia to second . Arcia caught stealing third , catcher to third , Phillips to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Anderson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Bader flied out to right . Garcia grounded out to third . Pham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Lucas pitching for Cardinals . Thames struck out swinging . Walker walked . Braun grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Anderson pitching for Brewers . DeJong singled to left . Martínez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , DeJong out at second . Piscotty grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Sierra in right field . Alcántara pitching for Cardinals . Shaw popped out to shortstop . Santana struck out swinging . Vogt lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Broxton in center field . Phillips in right field . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Sierra walked . Jeffress pitching for Brewers . Díaz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sierra out at second . Kelly reached on infield single to shortstop . Bader struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Alcantara pitching for Cardinals . Arcia struck out looking . Phillips walked . Sogard hit for Jeffress . Sogard walked , Phillips to second . Thames singled to right , Phillips scored , Sogard to second , Sogard to third on error by right fielder Sierra . Walker grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Thames out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Sogard at second base . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Garcia flied out to center . Pham struck out swinging . DeJong singled to left . DeJong to second on fielder 's indifference . Martínez homered to left center ( 429 feet ) , DeJong scored . Voit hit for Alcántara . Voit struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 5 - Cardinals 3 .	Vogt has HR , 3 RBIs as Brewers stay alive for postseason