Phillies - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Rollins popped out to third. Pierre flied out to center. Pence struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. Schumaker singled to center. Holliday singled to left, Schumaker to second. Beltran grounded out to first, Schumaker to third, Holliday to second. Freese walked. Molina homered to center (413 feet), Schumaker, Holliday and Freese scored. Adams doubled to right. Descalso fouled out to catcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ruiz doubled to deep right center. Victorino flied out to right, Ruiz to third. Luna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ruiz out at home. Galvis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Wainwright grounded out to shortstop. Furcal grounded out to second. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Fontenot singled to right. Orr hit for Halladay. Orr sacrificed to catcher, Fontenot to second. Rollins grounded out to second, Fontenot to third. Pierre singled to right, Fontenot scored. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierre out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Savery pitching for Phillies. Holliday singled to left center. Beltran grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Holliday out at second. Freese struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ruiz grounded out to third. Victorino hit by pitch. Luna struck out swinging. Galvis lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Savery pitching for Phillies. Molina singled to left. Adams flied into double play, center to second to first, Molina doubled off first. Descalso doubled to deep center. Wainwright struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Fontenot grounded out to second. Savery grounded out to second. Rollins doubled to right. Pierre grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Savery pitching for Phillies. Furcal walked. Schumaker singled to left center, Furcal to third. Qualls pitching for Phillies. Holliday lined out to third. Beltran homered to right center (427 feet), Furcal and Schumaker scored. Freese struck out swinging. Cruz hit for Molina. Cruz grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Cruz catching. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Pence doubled to left. Pence out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Ruiz reached on infield single to third. Victorino flied out to center. Luna singled to left, Ruiz to third. Galvis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Qualls pitching for Phillies. Adams homered to right (376 feet). Descalso grounded out to shortstop. Chambers hit for Wainwright. Chambers grounded out to second. Furcal grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Chambers in left field. Fontenot struck out swinging. Polanco hit for Qualls. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Rollins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Schumaker grounded out to first. Robinson hit for Rzepczynski. Robinson fouled out to catcher. Beltran grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Schumaker in right field. Robinson in center field. Marte pitching for Cardinals. Pierre singled to center. Pence reached on infield single to shortstop, Pierre to second. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pence out at second, Pierre to third. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pierre scored, Ruiz out at second. Luna flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Valdes pitching for Phillies. Greene hit for Freese. Greene struck out looking. Cruz singled to center. Adams lined out to center. Descalso grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Fick pitching for Cardinals. Greene at second base. Descalso at third base. Galvis doubled to deep center. Fontenot walked. Mayberry Jr. hit for Valdes. Mayberry Jr. popped out to second. Rollins flied out to center. Pierre singled to center, Galvis scored, Fontenot to second. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Pence grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 3 - Cardinals 8.	Phillies lose Halladay, game against Cardinals