Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Peralta struck out swinging. Marte grounded out to second. Goldschmidt popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández singled to right. Santana struck out swinging. Kingery struck out swinging. Hoskins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Pollock struck out swinging. Descalso struck out swinging. Ahmed struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Altherr walked. Franco flied out to right. Florimón singled to right, Altherr to second. Alfaro struck out swinging. Velasquez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Avila homered to right (418 feet). Dyson homered to right (383 feet). Ray flied out to left. Peralta struck out swinging. Marte flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Hernández walked. Santana singled to left, Hernández to second. Kingery struck out swinging. Hoskins walked, Hernández to third, Santana to second. Altherr doubled to deep right center, Hernández and Santana scored, Hoskins to third. Franco hit sacrifice fly to left, Hoskins scored. Florimón struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Pollock grounded out to third. Descalso flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Alfaro struck out looking. Velasquez struck out swinging. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Ahmed walked. Avila singled to right, Ahmed to second. Dyson walked, Ahmed to third, Avila to second. Ray struck out swinging. Peralta doubled to right, Ahmed and Avila scored, Dyson to third. Marte flied out to left. Arano pitching for Phillies. Goldschmidt struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Santana lined out to center. Kingery struck out swinging. Hoskins singled to center. Salas pitching for Diamondbacks. Altherr flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Arano pitching for Phillies. Pollock singled to center. Descalso walked, Pollock to second. Ahmed struck out swinging. Avila singled to right, Pollock scored, Descalso to third. Hunter pitching for Phillies. Dyson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Avila out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Salas pitching for Diamondbacks. Franco singled to center. Florimón flied out to center. Alfaro struck out swinging. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Herrera hit for Hunter. Herrera hit by pitch, Franco to second. Hernández singled to left, Franco scored, Herrera to second. Santana struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Rios pitching for Phillies. Walker hit for Chafin. Walker walked. Peralta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Walker out at second. Marte flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks. Kingery struck out swinging. Hoskins walked. Altherr grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hoskins out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Rios pitching for Phillies. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to second. Goldschmidt stole second, Goldschmidt safe at third on throwing error by catcher Alfaro. Pollock singled to center, Goldschmidt scored. Pollock stole second. Descalso homered to right (358 feet), Pollock scored. Ahmed struck out looking. Kingery in center field. Williams in right field. Hutchison pitching for Phillies. Avila struck out swinging. Dyson walked. Murphy hit for Hirano. Murphy struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 8th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Franco grounded out to second. Florimón grounded out to shortstop. Alfaro lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Hutchison pitching for Phillies. Peralta reached on infield single to second. Marte singled to shallow center, Peralta to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Peralta to third, Marte to second on wild pitch by Hutchison. Pollock walked. Descalso grounded into double play, first to catcher, Peralta out at home, Marte to third, Pollock to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Williams struck out swinging. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 8 - Phillies 4.	Avila leads Diamondbacks in 8-4 win over Phillies