Giants - Top 1st. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Hanson grounded out to first. McCutchen singled to right center. Posey singled to right, McCutchen to second. Belt struck out swinging. Longoria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Stratton pitching for Giants. Hernández struck out looking. Altherr grounded out to second. Herrera walked. Santana doubled to deep right, Herrera scored. Santana to third on wild pitch by Stratton. Franco singled to left, Santana scored. Williams grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 2nd. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Sandoval lined out to right. Crawford struck out looking. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Stratton pitching for Giants. Florimón lined out to left. Pivetta struck out swinging. Knapp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Stratton struck out looking. Hanson struck out swinging. McCutchen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Stratton pitching for Giants. Hernández grounded out to second. Altherr struck out swinging. Herrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Posey flied out to left. Belt popped out to shortstop. Longoria doubled to deep center. Sandoval grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Stratton pitching for Giants. Santana fouled out to shortstop. Franco homered to center (435 feet). Williams struck out looking. Florimón flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Crawford singled to right. Hernández struck out swinging. Stratton bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Crawford out at second. Hanson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Kingery hit for Pivetta. Stratton pitching for Giants. Kingery reached on infield single to third. Kingery caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Knapp walked. Hernández struck out looking. Altherr walked, Knapp to second. Herrera walked, Knapp to third, Altherr to second. Santana singled to center, Knapp and Altherr scored, Herrera to second. Johnson pitching for Giants. Franco grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Rios pitching for Phillies. McCutchen flied out to center. Posey lined out to pitcher. Belt reached on infield single to third. Longoria doubled to left, Belt scored. Sandoval struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Johnson pitching for Giants. Williams walked. Florimón doubled to deep left, Williams to third. Hoskins hit for Rios. Hoskins hit sacrifice fly to center, Williams scored, Florimón to third. Knapp singled to right, Florimón scored. Hernández walked, Knapp to second. Altherr singled to left, Knapp to third, Hernández to second. Knapp scored, Hernández to third, Altherr to second on wild pitch by Johnson. Herrera walked. Tomlinson at third base. Law pitching for Giants. Hernández scored, Altherr to third, Herrera to second on wild pitch by Law. Santana singled to right, Altherr and Herrera scored. Franco singled to center, Santana to second. Williams lined out to left. Florimón struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Dominguez pitching for Phillies. Crawford struck out swinging. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Tomlinson lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Jackson in center field. Hernández in right field. Valentín hit for Dominguez. Law pitching for Giants. Valentín flied out to right. Knapp lined out to center. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Valentín at second base. Curtis pitching for Phillies. Hanson walked. Jackson walked, Hanson to second. Posey grounded into double play, third to first, Hanson out at third, Jackson to second. Belt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Law pitching for Giants. Altherr grounded out to third. Herrera grounded out to pitcher. Santana safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Sandoval. Franco popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 9th. Hundley hit for Law. Curtis pitching for Phillies. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. Sandoval singled to right. Crawford singled to left, Sandoval to second. Hernández singled to left, Sandoval to third, Crawford to second. Tomlinson walked, Sandoval scored, Crawford to third, Hernández to second. Hanson hit sacrifice fly to right, Crawford scored. Jackson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 3 - Phillies 11.	Carlos Santana drives in 5, Phillies beat Giants 11-3