Phillies - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Pirates. Hernández safe at first on error by second baseman Harrison. Hoskins flied out to right. Herrera grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Bell grounded out to pitcher. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Polanco doubled to center. Moran singled to center, Polanco scored. Díaz walked, Moran to second. Dickerson singled to right, Moran thrown out at home, Díaz to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Santana walked. Williams fouled out to left. Kingery singled to left, Santana to second. Knapp flied out to left. Franco doubled to deep center, Santana and Kingery scored. Pivetta grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Harrison hit by pitch. Mercer struck out swinging. Williams walked, Harrison to second. Bell grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Williams out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Hernández hit by pitch. Hoskins walked, Hernández to second. Herrera homered to right (399 feet), Hernández and Hoskins scored. Santana lined out to right. Williams singled to left. Kingery singled to center, Williams to second. Brault pitching for Pirates. Williams to third, Kingery to second on wild pitch by Brault. Knapp walked. Franco struck out looking. Pivetta grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Marte grounded out to third. Polanco struck out swinging, Polanco safe at first on wild pitch by Pivetta. Moran grounded into fielder's choice to second, Polanco safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Kingery. Díaz grounded out to second, Polanco scored, Moran to third. Dickerson singled to left, Moran scored. Harrison singled to right, Dickerson to second. Davis pitching for Phillies. Mercer fouled out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 4th. Brault pitching for Pirates. Hernández singled to center. Hoskins lined out to pitcher. Herrera flied out to right. Santana flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Davis pitching for Phillies. Brault struck out looking. Bell doubled to right center. Marte singled to shallow left, Bell scored. Marte stole second. Polanco grounded out to first, Marte to third. Moran lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Brault pitching for Pirates. Williams flied out to center. Kingery struck out swinging. Knapp hit by pitch. Franco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Knapp out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Phillies. Díaz grounded out to shortstop. Dickerson tripled to left. Valentín at third base. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dickerson out at home. Harrison stole second. Mercer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. Valentín struck out swinging. Hernández reached on bunt single to third. Hoskins walked, Hernández to second. Herrera walked, Hernández to third, Hoskins to second. Santana hit sacrifice fly to center, Hernández scored. Hoskins to third, Herrera to second on wild pitch by Rodríguez. Williams walked. Kingery reached on infield single to pitcher, Hoskins scored, Herrera to third, Williams to second. Moroff at shortstop. Neverauskas pitching for Pirates. Knapp struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Altherr in right field. Hunter pitching for Phillies. Moroff grounded out to second. Bell grounded out to first. Marte singled to left. Marte stole second. Polanco walked, Marte stole third. Polanco batting. Moran flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Neverauskas pitching for Pirates. Altherr walked. Valentín struck out swinging. Hernández singled to right, Altherr to third. Hoskins singled to left, Altherr scored, Hernández to second. Herrera singled to right, Hernández scored, Hoskins to third. Freese at third base. Smoker pitching for Pirates. Santana doubled to deep right, Hoskins and Herrera scored. Cozens hit for Hunter. Cozens struck out looking. Kingery walked. Knapp homered to left (389 feet), Santana and Kingery scored. Altherr walked. Valentín grounded out to third. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Cozens in right field. Neshek pitching for Phillies. Stallings hit for Díaz. Stallings struck out swinging. Dickerson struck out swinging. Harrison singled to left. Harrison to second on wild pitch by Neshek. Freese grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Luplow in left field. Stallings catching. Glasnow pitching for Pirates. Hernández struck out looking. Hoskins singled to deep right center. Hoskins to second on wild pitch by Glasnow. Herrera struck out swinging. Santana walked. Cozens struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Leiter Jr. pitching for Phillies. Moroff grounded out to second. Bell lined out to left. Marte hit by pitch. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Glasnow pitching for Pirates. Kingery singled to center. Knapp doubled to deep right, Kingery to third. Leiter Jr. struck out looking. Valentín doubled to right, Kingery and Knapp scored. Alfaro hit for Hernández. Alfaro struck out swinging. Hoskins doubled to left, Valentín scored. Herrera struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Alfaro at third base. Valentín at second base. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Luplow singled to center. Stallings walked, Luplow to second. Meadows hit for Glasnow. Meadows struck out swinging. Harrison doubled to deep right, Luplow scored, Stallings to third. Freese struck out swinging. Moroff flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 17 - Pirates 5.	Herrera, Knapp homer in Phillies' 17-6 rout of Pirates