Phillies - Top 1st. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Hernández singled to right. Hoskins struck out swinging. Herrera flied out to left. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Beckham lined out to center. Schoop struck out swinging. Machado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Williams lined out to third. Franco grounded out to shortstop. Kingery doubled to right. Altherr grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Jones safe at first on error by first baseman Santana. Davis struck out swinging. Trumbo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jones safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Kingery. Trumbo to second on wild pitch by Pivetta. Sisco struck out swinging. Mancini grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Alfaro singled to right. Hernández singled to center, Alfaro to second. Hoskins popped out to second. Herrera reached on infield single to pitcher, Alfaro to third, Hernández to second. Santana singled to left, Alfaro scored, Hernández to third, Herrera to second. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hernández scored, Santana out at second, Herrera to third. Franco lined out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Peterson singled to shallow right center. Beckham grounded into double play, third to second to first, Peterson out at second. Schoop grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Kingery singled to shallow right center. Altherr hit by pitch, Kingery to second. Kingery to third, Altherr to second on wild pitch by Gausman. Alfaro doubled to deep right, Kingery and Altherr scored. Hernández walked. Hoskins struck out swinging. Herrera grounded out to first, Alfaro to third, Hernández to second. Santana grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Machado grounded out to third. Jones struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Williams flied out to left. Franco grounded out to third. Kingery singled to right center. Altherr grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Trumbo struck out swinging. Sisco singled to left. Mancini fouled out to catcher. Peterson lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Alfaro homered to center (421 feet). Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop. Hoskins singled to center, Hernández to second. Fry pitching for Orioles. Herrera lined out to left. Santana grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Hoskins out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Beckham doubled to deep left center. Schoop grounded out to shortstop, Beckham to third. Machado reached on infield single to pitcher, Beckham scored. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Machado out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Fry pitching for Orioles. Williams singled to left center. Franco singled to left, Williams to second. Castro pitching for Orioles. Kingery grounded into fielder's choice to first, Franco out at second, Williams to third. Altherr grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kingery out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Davis struck out swinging. Trumbo singled to left. Sisco struck out looking. Mancini homered to center (400 feet), Trumbo scored. Hunter pitching for Phillies. Peterson homered to right (397 feet). Beckham grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Scott pitching for Orioles. Alfaro safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Beckham. Hernández grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Alfaro out at second. Hoskins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Schoop flied out to center. Machado singled to left center. Jones flied out to center. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Scott pitching for Orioles. Herrera grounded out to second. Santana safe at first on error by first baseman Mancini. Williams lined out to right. Brach pitching for Orioles. Franco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Dominguez pitching for Phillies. Trumbo grounded out to first. Sisco struck out swinging. Mancini popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Orioles 4.	Alfaro's 3 RBIs carry 1st-place Phillies past Orioles 5-4