Marlins - Top 1st . Gee pitching for Mets . Yelich flied out to left . Solano singled to right . McGehee singled to center , Solano to second . Ozuna singled to left , Solano to third , McGehee to second . Solano scored , McGehee to third , Ozuna to second on wild pitch by Gee . Jones reached on infield single to pitcher , McGehee scored , Ozuna to third . Johnson hit by pitch , Jones to second . Hechavarria grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . den Dekker struck out looking . Murphy reached on infield single to second . d'Arnaud grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Gee pitching for Mets . Mathis struck out swinging . Alvarez struck out swinging . Yelich walked . Yelich stole second . Solano singled to right , Yelich scored . McGehee grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Duda singled to right . Flores grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Duda out at second . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Flores out at second . Nieuwenhuis singled to center , Granderson to second . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Granderson out at third , Nieuwenhuis to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Gee pitching for Mets . Ozuna singled to center . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ozuna out at second . Johnson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Gee lined out to center . den Dekker reached on infield single to second . den Dekker to second on passed ball by Mathis . Murphy struck out looking . d'Arnaud struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Gee pitching for Mets . Hechavarria bunt popped out foul to catcher . Mathis fouled out to catcher . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Duda walked . Flores singled to center , Duda to second . Granderson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Flores out at second , Duda to third . Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Gee pitching for Mets . Yelich walked . Solano grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Yelich out at second . McGehee grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Tejada popped out to shortstop . Gee singled to center . den Dekker singled to center , Gee to second . Murphy grounded out to first , Gee to third , den Dekker to second . d'Arnaud walked . Duda singled to center , Gee and den Dekker scored , d'Arnaud to second . Flores flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Gee pitching for Mets . Ozuna lined out to center . Jones lined out to left . Johnson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Granderson lined out to left . Nieuwenhuis grounded out to pitcher . Tejada lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Gee pitching for Mets . Hechavarria singled to center . Mathis sacrificed to third , Hechavarria to second . Hernandez hit for Alvarez . Hernandez struck out swinging . Edgin pitching for Mets . Yelich doubled to deep left center , Hechavarria scored . Torres pitching for Mets . Solano struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Hernandez in right field . Campbell hit for Torres . Campbell walked . den Dekker lined out to center . Murphy popped out to shortstop . Ramos pitching for Marlins . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Familia pitching for Mets . McGehee singled to center . Ozuna singled to left , McGehee to second . Jones struck out swinging . Bour hit for Ramos . Bour lined out to left . McGehee to third , Ozuna to second on wild pitch by Familia . Hechavarria walked . Mathis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Hatcher pitching for Marlins . Duda walked . Flores grounded out to shortstop , Duda to second . Duda to third on wild pitch by Hatcher . Granderson grounded out to second , Duda scored . Nieuwenhuis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Mejia pitching for Mets . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Yelich grounded out to pitcher . Solano singled to right center . McGehee walked , Solano to second . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McGehee out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 9th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Tejada struck out swinging . Abreu hit for Mejia . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . den Dekker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 4 - Mets 3 .	Alvarez pitches Marlins to 4 - 3 win over Mets