Mets - Top 1st . Santana pitching for Braves . den Dekker doubled to deep right . Flores fouled out to right , den Dekker to third . Murphy grounded out to second , den Dekker scored . Duda struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . deGrom pitching for Mets . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Gosselin struck out swinging . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Santana pitching for Braves . Granderson singled to right . Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging . Recker singled to right , Granderson to third . Tejada hit sacrifice fly to center , Granderson scored , Recker to second . deGrom struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . deGrom pitching for Mets . Upton struck out swinging . Johnson lined out to right . Simmons struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Santana pitching for Braves . den Dekker flied out to left . Flores grounded out to shortstop . Murphy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . deGrom pitching for Mets . Bethancourt grounded out to third . Upton struck out swinging . Santana struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Braves . Duda flied out to center . Granderson walked . Nieuwenhuis doubled to deep left , Granderson to third . Granderson scored , Nieuwenhuis to third on passed ball by Bethancourt . Recker hit sacrifice fly to center , Nieuwenhuis scored . Tejada homered to left ( 411 feet ) . deGrom grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . deGrom pitching for Mets . Bonifacio flied out to left . Gosselin struck out swinging . Freeman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Santana pitching for Braves . den Dekker walked . Flores popped out to second . Murphy lined out to shortstop . Duda singled to right , den Dekker to third . Granderson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . deGrom pitching for Mets . Upton singled to left , Upton to second on error by left fielder den Dekker . Johnson singled to right , Upton to third . Simmons safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada , Upton scored , Johnson to second . Bethancourt grounded out to first , Johnson to third , Simmons to second . Upton walked . Terdoslavich hit for Santana . Terdoslavich struck out swinging . Bonifacio walked , Johnson scored , Simmons to third , Upton to second . Gosselin struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Jaime pitching for Braves . Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging . Recker walked . Tejada singled to right , Recker to third . deGrom sacrificed to catcher , Recker scored , Tejada to second , deGrom safe at first on error by catcher Bethancourt . Avilan pitching for Braves . den Dekker struck out swinging . Flores popped out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 6th . deGrom pitching for Mets . Freeman walked . Upton flied out to right . Johnson singled to left , Freeman to second . Simmons grounded into double play , third to second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Avilan pitching for Braves . Murphy lined out to left . Duda doubled to deep center . Granderson walked . Nieuwenhuis grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Granderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Carlyle pitching for Mets . Bethancourt struck out swinging . Upton struck out swinging . Pena hit for Avilan . Pena doubled to deep center . Bonifacio flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Schlosser pitching for Braves . Recker singled to right . Tejada flied out to right . Abreu hit for Carlyle . Abreu singled to left , Recker to second . den Dekker grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Abreu out at second , Recker to third . Flores flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 8th . Matsuzaka pitching for Mets . Gosselin struck out looking . Freeman grounded out to second . Upton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Schlosser pitching for Braves . Murphy fouled out to shortstop . Duda singled to center . Granderson singled to center , Duda to second . Nieuwenhuis doubled to deep left , Duda scored , Granderson to third . Recker doubled to deep left center , Granderson and Nieuwenhuis scored . Tejada grounded out to shortstop , Recker to third . Centeno hit for Matsuzaka . Centeno grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Goeddel pitching for Mets . Johnson flied out to right . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . Bethancourt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 10 - Braves 2 .	Braves eliminated from wild - card contention