Indians - Top 1st. Bautista pitching for Royals. Crisp struck out looking. Cora grounded out to first. Martinez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Elarton pitching for Indians. DeJesus flied out to right. Gotay flied out to left. Sweeney hit by pitch. Stairs doubled to deep left, Sweeney scored. Long singled to center, Stairs scored. Berroa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Long out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Bautista pitching for Royals. Hafner doubled to right. Broussard grounded out to shortstop. Boone reached on infield single to third, Hafner to third. Sizemore grounded out to third, Hafner scored, Boone to second. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Elarton pitching for Indians. Pickering struck out looking. McEwing singled to left. McEwing caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Castillo singled to center. Castillo stole second. DeJesus singled to left center, Castillo scored. Gotay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Bautista pitching for Royals. Peralta struck out looking. Crisp grounded out to second. Cora struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Elarton pitching for Indians. Sweeney singled to left. Stairs fouled out to shortstop. Long singled to center, Sweeney to second. Berroa grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Long out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Bautista pitching for Royals. Martinez struck out swinging. Hafner singled to right. Broussard walked, Hafner to second. Boone singled to center, Hafner scored, Broussard to third. Sizemore singled to left, Broussard scored, Boone to third. Ludwick struck out swinging. Peralta walked, Sizemore to second. Crisp grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Elarton pitching for Indians. Pickering singled to right. McEwing flied out to center. Castillo singled to left, Pickering to second. DeJesus walked, Pickering to third, Castillo to second. Gotay hit sacrifice fly to right, Pickering scored, Castillo to third. Sweeney reached on infield single to third, Castillo scored, DeJesus to second. Davis pitching for Indians. Stairs walked, DeJesus to third, Sweeney to second. Long grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Bautista pitching for Royals. Cora singled to left. Martinez singled to right, Cora to second. Hafner reached on infield single to shortstop, Cora to third, Martinez to second. Broussard grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cora out at home, Martinez to third, Hafner to second. Boone popped out to second, Martinez tagged out at home. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Indians. Berroa doubled to deep left. Pickering struck out swinging. McEwing struck out swinging. Castillo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Bautista pitching for Royals. Sizemore reached on bunt single to pitcher. Ludwick singled to center, Sizemore to second. Peralta sacrificed to pitcher, Sizemore to third, Ludwick to second. Crisp singled to right, Sizemore scored, Ludwick to third. Sisco pitching for Royals. Belliard hit for Cora. Belliard walked, Crisp to second. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to left, Ludwick scored. Belliard at second base. Hafner flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Davis pitching for Indians. DeJesus reached on infield single to shortstop. Gotay hit by pitch, DeJesus to second. Sweeney struck out swinging. Sauerbeck pitching for Indians. Stairs walked, DeJesus to third, Gotay to second. Long struck out swinging. Howry pitching for Indians. Snyder pitching for Royals. Berroa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Snyder pitching for Royals. Broussard flied out to right. Boone flied out to right. Sizemore grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Howry pitching for Indians. Pickering struck out looking. McEwing reached on bunt single to pitcher. McEwing stole second. Castillo walked. DeJesus grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Castillo out at second, McEwing to third. Gotay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Snyder pitching for Royals. Ludwick walked. Peralta doubled to deep left, Ludwick to third. Crisp intentionally walked. Cerda pitching for Royals. Belliard struck out swinging. Martinez struck out swinging. Hafner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Howry pitching for Indians. Sweeney singled to left. Rhodes pitching for Indians. Graffanino hit for Stairs. Marrero hit for Long. Graffanino bunted into fielder's choice to first, Sweeney out at second. Marrero flied out to left. Graffanino at third base. Marrero in right field. McEwing in left field. Berroa grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Broussard singled to right. Boone struck out swinging. Blake hit for Ludwick. Sizemore reached on infield single to second, Broussard to second. Blake struck out swinging. Blake in right field. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Rhodes pitching for Indians. Pickering grounded out to first. McEwing struck out looking. Castillo homered to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 5 - Royals 6.	Walk this way: Castillo's walk-off HR helps Royals win