Royals - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Indians. DeJesus grounded out to third. Gotay popped out to second. Sweeney flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Royals. Sizemore grounded out to pitcher. Crisp grounded out to first. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Harvey popped out to first. Marrero hit by pitch. Brown struck out swinging. Berroa fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Hafner singled to left. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hafner safe at third on error by first baseman Sweeney. Broussard grounded out to first, Blake to second. Belliard doubled to deep center, Hafner and Blake scored. Boone flied out to right. Peralta grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Buck walked. Graffanino struck out swinging. DeJesus flied out to left. Gotay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Sizemore flied out to right. Crisp doubled to deep right. Martinez singled to left, Crisp to third. Hafner singled to right, Crisp scored, Martinez to second. Blake grounded out to first, Martinez to third, Hafner to second. Broussard singled to right, Martinez and Hafner scored, Broussard to second advancing on throw. Belliard grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Sweeney popped out to second. Harvey doubled to deep left. Marrero flied out to right. Brown grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Boone grounded out to shortstop. Peralta struck out swinging. Sizemore flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Berroa grounded out to third. Buck flied out to center. Graffanino singled to left. DeJesus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Crisp safe at first on error by right fielder Brown. Martinez singled to center, Crisp to third. Hafner walked, Martinez to second. Blake fouled out to first. Snyder pitching for Royals. Broussard singled to left, Crisp scored, Martinez to third, Hafner to second. Belliard grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Broussard out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Gotay flied out to center. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. Harvey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Snyder pitching for Royals. Boone grounded out to third. Peralta doubled to deep left. Sizemore grounded out to second, Peralta to third. Crisp flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Marrero reached on infield single to shortstop. Brown flied out to center. Berroa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Marrero out at second. Buck flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Snyder pitching for Royals. Martinez grounded out to first. Hafner singled to center. Riske pitching for Indians. Blake grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hafner out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Riske pitching for Indians. Graffanino walked. DeJesus grounded into fielder's choice to first, Graffanino safe at second on error by first baseman Broussard. Gotay struck out swinging. Sweeney grounded out to pitcher, Graffanino to third, DeJesus to second. Harvey popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 8th. Snyder pitching for Royals. Broussard struck out swinging. Belliard singled to left. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Boone grounded into double play, third to second to first, Belliard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Long hit for Brown. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Marrero struck out swinging. Long lined out to third. Berroa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 0 - Indians 6.	Sabathia, Indians hand Royals ninth straight loss