Angels - Top 1st. Elarton pitching for Indians. Figgins flied out to left. Erstad walked. Guerrero singled to left, Erstad to second. Anderson lined out to center. Finley singled to right, Erstad scored, Guerrero to second, Guerrero to third advancing on throw. Cabrera fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Sizemore tripled to deep right center. Crisp doubled to deep right, Sizemore scored, Crisp out stretching at third. Hafner singled to center. Broussard homered to right, Hafner scored. Bard popped out to first. Blake doubled to deep center. Belliard struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Elarton pitching for Indians. McPherson flied out to center. Molina flied out to right. Kennedy grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Boone hit by pitch. Peralta flied out to right. Sizemore popped out to shortstop. Crisp walked, Boone to second. Hafner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Elarton pitching for Indians. Figgins singled to left. Erstad reached on infield single to first, Figgins to third. Guerrero fouled out to first. Anderson hit sacrifice fly to left, Figgins scored. Finley lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Angels. Broussard flied out to right. Bard grounded out to second. Blake walked. Belliard walked, Blake to second. Boone singled to left, Blake scored, Belliard to second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Boone out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Elarton pitching for Indians. Cabrera singled to center. McPherson struck out swinging. Molina singled to left center, Cabrera to second. Kennedy popped out to second. Figgins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Angels. Sizemore grounded out to third. Crisp doubled to right center. Hafner homered to left center, Crisp scored. Broussard grounded out to first. Bard popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Elarton pitching for Indians. Erstad singled to shallow left. Guerrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Erstad out at second. Gregg pitching for Angels. Anderson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Blake singled to center. Belliard singled to left center, Blake to second. Boone singled to center, Blake scored, Belliard to third. Peralta hit sacrifice fly to left, Belliard scored. Boone stole second. Sizemore struck out swinging. Crisp grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Elarton pitching for Indians. Finley fouled out to third. Cabrera walked. McPherson singled to right center, Cabrera to third. Sauerbeck pitching for Indians. Molina singled to right, Cabrera scored, McPherson thrown out at third. Kennedy hit by pitch, Molina to second. Figgins singled to right, Molina to third, Kennedy to second. Erstad struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Gregg pitching for Angels. Hafner walked. Broussard singled to left, Hafner to second. Bard struck out swinging. Blake grounded out to third, Hafner to third, Broussard to second. Yan pitching for Angels. Belliard singled to right, Hafner and Broussard scored, Belliard to second advancing on throw. Ludwick in left field. Boone grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Sauerbeck pitching for Indians. Guerrero grounded out to third. Anderson doubled to left. Finley fouled out to first. Cabrera walked. Riske pitching for Indians. McPherson singled to right, Anderson to third, Cabrera to second, Anderson scored, Cabrera to third, McPherson to second on error by catcher Bard. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 7th. Yan pitching for Angels. Peralta homered to left. Sizemore singled to right. Ludwick singled to right, Sizemore to second. Hafner singled to right, Sizemore to third, Ludwick to second. Broussard struck out swinging. Bard hit sacrifice fly to left, Sizemore scored. Blake grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Riske pitching for Indians. Kennedy flied out to left. DaVanon hit for Erstad. Figgins doubled to deep right center. Rivera hit for Guerrero. DaVanon grounded out to first, Figgins to third. Quinlan hit for Anderson. Rivera doubled to left, Figgins scored. Figgins at shortstop. DaVanon in center field. Rivera in right field. Quinlan at first base. Paul in left field. Woods pitching for Angels. Quinlan grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Woods pitching for Angels. Belliard singled to center. Boone grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belliard out at second. Boone to second on passed ball by Molina. Peralta singled to left, Boone to third. Sizemore grounded out to third, Boone scored, Peralta to second. Peralta to third on wild pitch by Woods. Howry pitching for Indians. Ludwick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Howry pitching for Indians. Finley struck out swinging. Paul singled to left. Paul to second on passed ball by Bard. McPherson grounded out to first, Paul to third. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Indians 13.	Angels' Santana pounded in big-league debut vs. Tribe