Indians - Top 1st. Sele pitching for Mariners. Sizemore homered to center. Belliard singled to center. Peralta struck out looking. Martinez doubled to deep right center, Belliard scored. Liefer grounded out to second, Martinez to third. Boone lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Millwood pitching for Indians. Suzuki grounded out to second. Winn homered to right. Ibanez flied out to left. Sexson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Sele pitching for Mariners. Broussard lined out to shortstop. Blake grounded out to second. Dubois singled to center. Sizemore walked, Dubois to second. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dubois to third, Sizemore to second. Peralta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Millwood pitching for Indians. Beltre singled to right. Reed flied out to left. Morse singled to left, Beltre to second. Betancourt lined out to left. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Sele pitching for Mariners. Martinez singled to left. Liefer singled to left center, Martinez to second. Boone walked, Martinez to third, Liefer to second. Broussard hit sacrifice fly to center, Martinez scored, Liefer to third. Blake hit sacrifice fly to right, Liefer scored. Dubois struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Millwood pitching for Indians. Suzuki grounded out to first. Winn reached on infield single to shortstop. Ibanez singled to right, Winn to third. Sexson struck out looking. Beltre grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Sele pitching for Mariners. Sizemore tripled to deep center. Belliard singled to left center, Sizemore scored. Peralta singled to center, Belliard to second. Martinez homered to right, Belliard and Peralta scored. Liefer flied out to center. Boone struck out swinging. Broussard popped out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Millwood pitching for Indians. Reed lined out to third. Morse grounded out to second. Betancourt singled to center. Bloomquist in center field. Gonzalez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Sele pitching for Mariners. Blake singled to left. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Dubois singled to left, Blake to second. Sizemore singled to right, Blake scored, Dubois thrown out at third. Belliard flied out to center. Peralta singled to center, Sizemore to second. Martinez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Millwood pitching for Indians. Suzuki singled to center. Winn struck out swinging. Suzuki stole second. Ibanez grounded out to second, Suzuki to third. Sexson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Liefer singled to center. Boone grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Liefer out at second. Broussard grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Millwood pitching for Indians. Beltre grounded out to third. Bloomquist grounded out to second. Morse grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Blake popped out to third. Dubois homered to center. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Seattle's Hasegawa ejected by Guccione in the 7th. Belliard popped out to second. Peralta struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Cleveland's Manager Wedge ejected by Guccione in the 7th. Gonzalez safe at first on error by right fielder Blake, Betancourt to second. Suzuki singled to left, Betancourt scored, Gonzalez to second. Winn singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Suzuki to second. Ibanez flied out to left. Sexson struck out swinging. Hansen at first base. Spiezio at third base. Beltre struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 8th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Martinez struck out swinging. Liefer lined out to right. Boone singled to left. Broussard flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Bloomquist struck out looking. Morse struck out swinging. Betancourt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Blake fouled out to catcher. Dubois struck out swinging. Riske pitching for Indians. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Riske pitching for Indians. Gonzalez singled to right. Rhodes pitching for Indians. Cleveland's Riske ejected by Guccione in the 9th. Winn singled to right, Gonzalez to third, Suzuki to second. Ibanez singled to left center, Gonzalez and Suzuki scored, Winn to third. Hansen struck out looking. Spiezio struck out swinging. Bloomquist flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 10 - Mariners 5.	Indians pound out 17 hits, rough up Sele, Mariners