Yankees - Top 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. Jeter flied out to center. Cano flied out to center. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Sizemore struck out looking. Crisp struck out looking. Peralta walked. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Rodriguez popped out to first. Matsui doubled to deep right. Giambi doubled to right, Matsui scored. Posada homered to left center, Giambi scored. Martinez flied out to left. Williams grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Liefer struck out swinging. Belliard grounded out to second. Boone reached on infield single to pitcher, Boone to second on throwing error by pitcher Mussina. Broussard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Jeter doubled to deep left center. Cano popped out to third. Sheffield singled to center, Jeter to third. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to left, Jeter scored. Matsui flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Blake walked. Sizemore grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Blake out at second. Crisp doubled to right. Crisp stole third. Peralta grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Giambi walked. Posada grounded into double play, third to second to first, Giambi out at second. Martinez reached on infield single to third. Williams grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Liefer struck out swinging. Belliard singled to center. Boone grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belliard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Lee pitching for Indians. Jeter walked. Cano struck out bunting foul. Sheffield struck out swinging. Rodriguez singled to center, Jeter to second. Matsui flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Broussard homered to right. Blake doubled to deep left. Sizemore struck out swinging. Crisp doubled to deep right center, Blake scored. Peralta flied out to center. Martinez walked. Liefer singled to center, Crisp scored, Martinez to second. Belliard walked, Martinez to third, Liefer to second. Boone singled to right, Martinez and Liefer scored, Belliard to third. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Broussard singled to right, Belliard scored, Boone to third. Blake grounded out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Lee pitching for Indians. Giambi struck out swinging. Posada flied out to right. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Sizemore grounded out to first. Crisp flied out to center. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Lee pitching for Indians. Williams struck out swinging. Jeter grounded out to third. Howry pitching for Indians. Cano singled to left. Sheffield grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Martinez singled to right. Liefer singled to center, Martinez to second. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to second, Liefer out at second, Martinez to third, Martinez scored, Belliard to second on throwing error by shortstop Jeter. Franklin pitching for Yankees. Boone walked. Broussard grounded into fielder's choice to second, Boone out at second, Belliard to third. Blake struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 8th. Howry pitching for Indians. Rodriguez struck out looking. Sauerbeck pitching for Indians. Matsui reached on infield single to shortstop. Giambi struck out looking. Posada struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Franklin pitching for Yankees. Sizemore walked. Crisp bunt popped out foul to catcher. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sizemore out at second. Martinez walked, Peralta to second. Wickman pitching for Indians. Liefer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Wickman pitching for Indians. Martinez struck out swinging. Williams flied out to right. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 4 - Indians 7.	Lee ends funk against Yanks thanks to six-run outburst