Devil Rays - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. Crawford flied out to left. Cantu safe at second on error by left fielder Crisp. Huff flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Sizemore doubled to deep left center. Crisp reached on bunt single to first, Sizemore to third. Peralta singled to center, Sizemore scored, Crisp to second. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez singled to right, Crisp to third, Peralta to second. Hernandez popped out to second. Belliard doubled to deep left, Crisp and Peralta scored, Martinez to third. Boone walked. Blake flied out to right. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Gomes singled to center. Lee singled to center, Gomes to third. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gomes scored, Lee safe at second on error by shortstop Peralta. LaForest walked, Lee to third, Gonzalez to second. Gathright walked, Lee scored, Gonzalez to third, LaForest to second. Lugo singled to center, Gonzalez scored, LaForest to third, Gathright to second. Crawford fouled out to third. Cantu singled to left, LaForest and Gathright scored, Lugo to third, Cantu to second advancing on throw. Huff hit sacrifice fly to center, Lugo scored. Gomes struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Sizemore flied out to left. Crisp walked. Peralta grounded out to third, Crisp to second. Hafner walked. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Lee homered to right. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. LaForest grounded out to second. Gathright reached on infield single to shortstop. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Hernandez popped out to shortstop. Belliard doubled to deep center. Boone struck out swinging. Blake struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. Cantu homered to center. Huff singled to center. Gomes flied out to left. Lee grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Sizemore grounded out to shortstop. Crisp doubled to deep center. Peralta reached on infield single to second, Crisp to third. Hafner safe at first on error by second baseman Cantu, Crisp scored, Peralta to second. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Martinez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hafner out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Gonzalez safe at first on error by third baseman Boone. LaForest grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. Gathright singled to center. Gathright stole second. Lugo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Hernandez lined out to left. Belliard doubled to deep right. Boone singled to center, Belliard to third. Blake grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Boone out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Crawford struck out swinging. Cantu singled to left. Huff struck out looking. Gomes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Sizemore doubled to deep center. Crisp lined out to center. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Peralta singled to left, Sizemore to third. Hafner grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Lee singled to center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. LaForest struck out looking. Lee stole second, Lee safe at third on throwing error by catcher Martinez. Gathright grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 7th. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Belliard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Lugo lined out to third. Crawford grounded out to second. Cantu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Borowski pitching for Devil Rays. Boone doubled to right. Blake popped out to shortstop. Sizemore singled to center, Boone scored. Crisp grounded out to third, Sizemore to second. Riske pitching for Indians. Peralta flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Riske pitching for Indians. Huff flied out to left. Gomes flied out to right. Hollins in right field. Hall catching. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Lee lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Hafner singled to right. Liefer hit for Hernandez. Martinez singled to right, Hafner to second. Vazquez ran for Martinez. Liefer singled to center, Hafner scored, Martinez to second. Belliard bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Vazquez out at third, Liefer to second. Boone grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Belliard out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 8 - Indians 6.	Devil Rays top sloppy Indians to snap losing streak