Tigers - Top 1st. Elarton pitching for Indians. Polanco walked. Inge flied out to right. Rodriguez singled to center, Polanco to second. Ordonez walked, Polanco to third, Rodriguez to second. Young homered to right, Polanco, Rodriguez and Ordonez scored. Pena homered to center. Monroe grounded out to shortstop. Infante flied out to right. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Sizemore singled to right. Crisp doubled to right, Sizemore scored. Peralta doubled to center, Crisp scored. Hafner grounded out to first, Peralta to third. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to right, Peralta scored. Belliard safe at first on error by shortstop Infante. Broussard tripled to right, Belliard scored. Boone reached on infield single to third, Broussard scored. Blake singled to deep center, Boone scored, Blake out at third. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 2nd. Elarton pitching for Indians. Granderson struck out looking. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Inge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Sizemore flied out to left. Crisp walked. Peralta struck out swinging. Hafner grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Elarton pitching for Indians. Rodriguez popped out to second. Ordonez doubled to deep center. Young grounded out to third. Pena singled to right, Ordonez to third, Pena to second advancing on throw. Monroe singled to right, Ordonez and Pena scored. Infante fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Martinez grounded out to first. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Broussard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Granderson flied out to center. Polanco fouled out to first. Inge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Boone singled to center. Blake singled to right, Boone to third. Sizemore walked, Blake to second. Crisp hit sacrifice fly to left, Boone scored. Darensbourg pitching for Tigers. Peralta singled to left, Blake scored, Sizemore to second, Sizemore to third, Peralta to second on throwing error by left fielder Monroe. Hafner hit sacrifice fly to center, Sizemore scored, Peralta to third. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 5th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Rodriguez hit ground rule double to left. Ordonez struck out swinging. Rodriguez to third on balk by Cabrera. Young doubled to deep center, Rodriguez scored. Pena walked. Monroe struck out swinging. Infante grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Darensbourg pitching for Tigers. Belliard grounded out to second. Broussard homered to right center. Boone lined out to pitcher. Blake struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Granderson flied out to left. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Inge singled to center. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Rodriguez doubled to deep right, Inge to third. Ordonez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Darensbourg pitching for Tigers. Sizemore grounded out to first. German pitching for Tigers. Crisp doubled to deep left. Peralta grounded out to third. Hafner intentionally walked. Martinez walked, Crisp to third, Hafner to second. Belliard flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Young grounded out to third. Pena singled to right center. Monroe flied out to right. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pena out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. German pitching for Tigers. Broussard flied out to left. Boone struck out swinging. Blake singled to center. Howry pitching for Indians. Sizemore struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Howry pitching for Indians. Granderson struck out looking. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Dingman pitching for Tigers. Inge lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Dingman pitching for Tigers. Crisp flied out to center. Peralta grounded out to second. Wickman pitching for Indians. Hafner lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Wickman pitching for Indians. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Ordonez singled to left center. Young struck out swinging. Logan ran for Pena. Pena walked, Ordonez to second. Monroe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Logan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 8 - Indians 10.	Indians spot Tigers big lead, respond with bigger rally