Indians - Top 1st. Baker pitching for Twins. Sizemore struck out swinging. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. Peralta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Punto singled to center. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Punto out at second. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Baker pitching for Twins. Hafner homered to right. Martinez flied out to center. Belliard singled to left. Broussard fouled out to third. Boone singled to center, Belliard to third. Blake struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Ford grounded out to first. Morneau singled to center. Castro grounded out to shortstop, Morneau to second. Redmond grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Baker pitching for Twins. Sizemore fouled out to third. Crisp grounded out to second. Peralta grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Bartlett singled to left. Stewart grounded out to third, Bartlett to second. Punto singled to left center, Bartlett to third. Mauer grounded out to pitcher. Jones struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 4th. Baker pitching for Twins. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez flied out to right. Belliard lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Ford reached on infield single to third, Ford to second on throwing error by third baseman Boone. Morneau grounded out to shortstop, Ford to third. Castro doubled to deep left, Ford scored. Redmond reached on infield single to shortstop. Bartlett grounded into fielder's choice to third, Redmond out at second, Castro to third. Bartlett stole second. Stewart struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 5th. Baker pitching for Twins. Broussard struck out swinging. Boone fouled out to second. Blake grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Punto struck out looking. Mauer grounded out to second. Jones grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Baker pitching for Twins. Sizemore singled to center. Crisp doubled to deep right, Sizemore to third. Peralta safe at first on error by third baseman Castro, Sizemore scored. Hafner lined out to pitcher. Crain pitching for Twins. Martinez walked, Crisp to third, Peralta to second. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crisp scored, Martinez out at second, Peralta to third. Broussard grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 6th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Ford singled to left. Morneau flied out to left. Castro reached on infield single to shortstop, Ford to second. Redmond flied out to right. Bartlett walked, Ford to third, Castro to second. Stewart singled to center, Ford and Castro scored, Bartlett to third. Punto flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Crain pitching for Twins. Boone grounded out to third. Blake hit by pitch. Sauerbeck pitching for Indians. Sizemore grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Blake out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Sauerbeck pitching for Indians. Mauer lined out to center. Jones walked. Ford doubled to deep center, Jones to third. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Morneau intentionally walked. Castro struck out swinging. Redmond doubled to deep right, Jones, Ford and Morneau scored. Rincon pitching for Twins. Bartlett struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Rincon pitching for Twins. Crisp flied out to center. Peralta walked. Hafner walked, Peralta to second. Martinez singled to center, Peralta scored, Hafner to second. Rhodes pitching for Indians. Belliard grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Rhodes pitching for Indians. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Punto flied out to center. Nathan pitching for Twins. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Broussard homered to right. Boone grounded out to third. Blake struck out swinging. Sizemore struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 5 - Twins 7.	Minnesota tops Cleveland to stay in wild-card hunt