Devil Rays - Top 1st. Elarton pitching for Indians. Lugo singled to center. Crawford singled to center, Lugo to second. Cantu singled to left, Lugo scored, Crawford to second. Huff grounded out to second, Crawford to third, Cantu to second. Gomes popped out to second. Lee grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Sizemore flied out to center. Crisp popped out to shortstop. Peralta struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Elarton pitching for Indians. Gonzalez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Boone. Hall grounded out to second, Gonzalez to second. Gathright grounded out to pitcher. Lugo walked. Crawford safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Boone, Gonzalez to third, Lugo to second. Cantu grounded into fielder's choice to second, Crawford out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Belliard walked. Hernandez walked, Belliard to second. Boone walked, Belliard to third, Hernandez to second. Blake flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Elarton pitching for Indians. Huff singled to center. Gomes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Huff out at second. Lee flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Sizemore grounded out to first. Crisp walked. Peralta singled to center, Crisp to second. Hafner struck out looking. Martinez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Elarton pitching for Indians. Gonzalez reached on infield single to third. Hall singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Gathright sacrificed to catcher, Gonzalez to third, Hall to second. Lugo homered to left, Gonzalez and Hall scored. Crawford flied out to left. Cantu struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Belliard fouled out to first. Hernandez popped out to shortstop. Boone singled to center. Blake flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Elarton pitching for Indians. Huff grounded out to pitcher. Gomes flied out to right. Lee singled to deep right, Lee out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Sizemore popped out to first. Crisp struck out swinging. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Elarton pitching for Indians. Gonzalez homered to left. Hall singled to center. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Gathright grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hall out at second. Lugo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Hafner walked. Martinez flied out to right. Belliard reached on infield single to third, Hafner to second. Hernandez struck out swinging. Boone singled to center, Hafner scored, Belliard to second. Blake struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Crawford grounded out to first. Cantu flied out to center. Huff walked. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Gomes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Sizemore walked. Crisp flied out to left. Peralta flied out to right. Riske pitching for Indians. Hafner flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Riske pitching for Indians. Lee flied out to center. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Borowski pitching for Devil Rays. Hall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Borowski pitching for Devil Rays. Martinez struck out swinging. Broussard hit for Hernandez. Belliard singled to center. Broussard doubled to right, Belliard scored. Boone popped out to second. Blake doubled to deep left center, Broussard scored. Broussard at first base. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Sizemore struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Gathright flied out to left. Lugo singled to center. Lugo caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Green at second base. Hollins in right field. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Crisp doubled to deep right. Peralta walked. Gutierrez ran for Hafner. Hafner grounded into fielder's choice to first, Peralta out at second, Crisp to third. Martinez singled to center, Crisp scored, Gutierrez to third. Belliard grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 5 - Indians 4.	Devil in the details: Rays hold off Indians' rally