Expos - Top 1st . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Carroll singled to right . Vidro sacrificed to third , Carroll to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carroll out at third . Guerrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Knott pitching for Expos . Pierre bunt grounded out to catcher . Castillo singled to right . Rodriguez singled to right , Castillo to third . Lowell singled to center , Castillo scored , Rodriguez to second . Encarnacion walked , Rodriguez to third , Lowell to second . Lee lined into double play , first to shortstop , Lowell doubled off second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 2nd . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Wilkerson singled to center . Cordero grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wilkerson out at second . Barrett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Knott pitching for Expos . Cabrera struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to center . Beckett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 3rd . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Chavez struck out swinging . Knott struck out swinging . Carroll walked . Vidro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Knott pitching for Expos . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Castillo grounded out to third . Rodriguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 4th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Cabrera flied out to center . Guerrero singled to left . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Cordero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guerrero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Knott pitching for Expos . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 5th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Barrett singled to left . Chavez grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Barrett out at second . Knott struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Knott pitching for Expos . Cabrera grounded out to second . Gonzalez popped out to first . Beckett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 6th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Carroll singled to center . Vidro flied out to right . Cabrera flied out to left . Guerrero reached on infield single to shortstop , Carroll to second . Wilkerson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Knott pitching for Expos . Pierre singled to left . Castillo reached on bunt single to pitcher , Pierre to second . Rodriguez reached on bunt single to third , Pierre to third , Castillo to second . Lowell walked , Pierre scored , Castillo to third , Rodriguez to second . Drew pitching for Expos . Encarnacion hit sacrifice fly to left , Castillo scored . Lee flied out to center , Rodriguez to third . Cabrera flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 7th . Beckett pitching for Marlins . Cordero fouled out to catcher . Barrett struck out swinging . Chavez singled to right . Macias hit for Drew . Ayala pitching for Expos . Macias grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Hollandsworth hit for Beckett . Ayala pitching for Expos . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Hollandsworth tripled to deep right . Pierre singled to right center , Hollandsworth scored . Castillo singled to center , Pierre to second . Urbina pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Castillo out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 8th . Urbina pitching for Marlins . Carroll struck out swinging . Vidro walked . Almonte pitching for Expos . Mateo at shortstop . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vidro out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Almonte pitching for Expos . Lowell doubled to deep left . Encarnacion flied out to right , Lowell to third . Lee popped out to shortstop . Looper pitching for Marlins . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Top 9th . Looper pitching for Marlins . Guerrero grounded out to first . Wilkerson tripled to left . Cordero grounded out to shortstop , Wilkerson scored . Barrett singled to center . Calloway hit for Chavez . Calloway grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barrett out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Expos 1 - Marlins 4 .	Lowell leads Marlins to win