Braves - Top 1st . Day pitching for Expos . Furcal flied out to left . Giles hit by pitch . Sheffield hit by pitch , Giles to second . Jones singled to left , Giles to third , Sheffield to second . Jones hit sacrifice fly to center , Giles scored . Sheffield to third , Jones to second on wild pitch by Day . Fick walked . Lopez tripled to right , Jones to third , Fick to second , Sheffield and Jones and Fick scored . Castilla intentionally walked . Reynolds singled to left , Lopez scored , Castilla to second . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reynolds out at second , Castilla to third . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 1st . Reynolds pitching for Braves . Carroll singled to center . Guzman grounded into double play , second to first to second to first to shortstop to second , Carroll out at second . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Day pitching for Expos . Giles grounded out to second . Sheffield homered to left . Jones grounded out to first . Jones doubled to right . Fick flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 2nd . Reynolds pitching for Braves . Guerrero singled to right . Wilkerson struck out looking . Cordero singled to center , Guerrero to second . Calloway struck out swinging . Knott pitching for Expos . Barrett grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cordero out at second , Guerrero to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Knott pitching for Expos . Lopez grounded out to second . Castilla grounded out to shortstop . Reynolds grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 3rd . Reynolds pitching for Braves . Knott flied out to center . Carroll grounded out to third . Guzman reached on bunt single to third . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Knott pitching for Expos . Furcal flied out to center . Giles flied out to center . Sheffield singled to left . Jones struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 4th . Reynolds pitching for Braves . Guerrero singled to left center . Wilkerson homered to left center , Guerrero scored . Cordero singled to left . Calloway singled to center , Cordero to third . Barrett grounded out to shortstop , Cordero scored , Calloway to second . Knott lined out to shortstop . Carroll struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Knott pitching for Expos . Jones struck out looking . Fick flied out to shallow right . Lopez singled to right . Castilla singled to left , Lopez to second . Reynolds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 5th . Reynolds pitching for Braves . Guzman grounded out to second . Cabrera singled to left . Guerrero struck out swinging . Cabrera stole third . Wilkerson flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Knott pitching for Expos . Furcal doubled to right . Giles sacrificed to first , Furcal to third . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Furcal scored , Sheffield to second on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . Manon pitching for Expos . Jones intentionally walked . Jones singled to left , Sheffield scored , Jones to third . Fick grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Expos - Bottom 6th . Reynolds pitching for Braves . Cordero struck out swinging . Calloway grounded out to shortstop . Barrett grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Manon pitching for Expos . Lopez flied out to right . Castilla fouled out to third . Macias hit for Manon . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 7th . Reynolds pitching for Braves . Macias grounded out to second . Carroll grounded out to third . Almonte pitching for Expos . Guzman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Almonte pitching for Expos . Furcal walked . Giles singled to right , Furcal to third . Giles to second on passed ball by Barrett . Sheffield reached on infield single to third , Furcal scored , Giles to third . Sheffield stole second . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Giles out at home . Jones singled to right , Sheffield to third , Jones to second . Bragg ran for Sheffield . Fick singled to right , Bragg scored , Jones to third , Jones to second . Lopez flied out to right . Franco hit for Reynolds . Castilla reached on infield single to shortstop , Jones scored , Jones to third , Fick to second . Jones scored , Fick to third , Castilla to second on wild pitch by Almonte . Franco singled to center , Fick and Castilla scored . Bragg in right field . Hodges pitching for Braves . Derosa at shortstop . Furcal grounded out to pitcher . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 8th . Hodges pitching for Braves . Cabrera homered to left . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Wilkerson singled to left . Cordero singled to left , Wilkerson to second . Calloway flied out to right , Wilkerson to third . Cordero to second on fielder 's indifference . Eischen pitching for Expos . Wilkerson in right field . Chavez in center field . Barrett grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Schneider catching . Eischen pitching for Expos . Giles flied out to center . Bragg doubled to right center . Jones flied out to center . Jones doubled to deep right , Bragg scored . Holmes pitching for Braves . Fick grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 9th . Holmes pitching for Braves . Chavez popped out to third . Carroll popped out to first . Guzman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 15 - Expos 4 .	Braves ' offense feasts on Expos ' pitching in rout