Phillies - Top 1st . Day pitching for Expos . Ledee homered to center . Rollins doubled to left center . Abreu singled to left center , Rollins scored . Abreu to second on wild pitch by Day . Thome walked . Lieberthal struck out swinging . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Thome out at second , Abreu to third . Burrell grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 1st . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Wilkerson struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to second . Vidro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Day pitching for Expos . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Padilla flied out to left . Ledee struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 2nd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Guerrero struck out swinging . Cordero flied out to left . Zeile flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Day pitching for Expos . Rollins flied out to right . Abreu grounded out to first . Thome grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 3rd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Schneider struck out swinging . Chavez grounded out to first . Day grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Day pitching for Expos . Lieberthal singled to left . Utley doubled to left center , Lieberthal to third . Burrell walked . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lieberthal scored , Burrell out at second , Utley to third . Padilla struck out swinging . Ledee homered to right , Utley and Perez scored . Knott pitching for Expos . Rollins doubled to left . Abreu doubled to right center , Rollins scored . Thome struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 4th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Wilkerson singled to shallow left . Cabrera flied out to right . Vidro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wilkerson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Knott pitching for Expos . Lieberthal homered to left center . Utley struck out swinging . Burrell singled to right . Perez flied out to right . Burrell to second on passed ball by Schneider . Padilla struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 5th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Guerrero singled to center . Cordero singled to right , Guerrero to second . Zeile singled to left , Guerrero to third , Cordero to second . Schneider grounded out to first , Guerrero scored , Cordero to third , Zeile to second . Calloway hit for Knott . Chavez grounded out to shortstop , Cordero scored . Calloway singled to right , Zeile scored . Corcoran pitching for Expos . Wilkerson lined out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Corcoran pitching for Expos . Ledee flied out to right center . Rollins struck out swinging . Abreu walked . Thome doubled to deep left , Abreu to third . Lieberthal singled to right , Abreu scored , Thome to third , Thome scored on error by right fielder Guerrero . Utley grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Expos - Bottom 6th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Cabrera doubled to right , Cabrera to third on error by right fielder Abreu . Vidro hit sacrifice fly to center , Cabrera scored . Guerrero lined out to pitcher . Cordero struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . Corcoran pitching for Expos . Burrell tripled to deep right . Houston hit for Padilla . Perez walked . Eischen pitching for Expos . Michaels hit for Houston . Michaels struck out looking . Perez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Adams pitching for Phillies . Ledee struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 7th . Adams pitching for Phillies . Zeile singled to shallow right . Schneider singled to right , Zeile to second . Macias hit for Eischen . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Schneider out at second , Zeile to third . Zeile scored , Chavez to second on wild pitch by Adams . Macias singled to left , Chavez to third . Plesac pitching for Phillies . Wilkerson singled to right , Chavez scored , Macias to second . Williams pitching for Phillies . Cabrera struck out swinging . Vidro doubled to deep left , Macias and Wilkerson scored . Guerrero intentionally walked . Cordero doubled to right center , Vidro and Guerrero scored . Zeile singled to shallow right center , Cordero scored . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Macias at third base . Ayala pitching for Expos . Schneider flied out to center . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Ayala pitching for Expos . Rollins flied out to center . Abreu grounded out to first . Thome hit by pitch . Lieberthal singled to left , Thome to third . Utley flied out to deep right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Expos - Bottom 8th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Chavez grounded out to first . Macias grounded out to third . Wilkerson doubled to left . Cabrera walked . Vidro reached on infield single to shortstop , Wilkerson to third , Cabrera to second . Guerrero walked , Wilkerson scored , Cabrera to third , Vidro to second . Cordero doubled to deep left , Cabrera and Vidro scored , Guerrero thrown out at home . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Ayala pitching for Expos . Burrell flied out to left . Byrd hit for Cormier . Perez grounded out to second . Byrd fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 10 - Expos 14 .	Expos slug past Phillies