Mets - Top 1st . Correia pitching for Padres . Reyes grounded out to pitcher . Cora grounded out to shortstop . Bay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Takahashi pitching for Mets . Hairston Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez walked . Headley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Correia pitching for Padres . Davis struck out swinging . Wright singled to left center . Wright stole second . Pagan singled to center , Wright scored . Barajas popped out to first . Francoeur singled to right center , Pagan to third . Takahashi grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Francoeur out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Takahashi pitching for Mets . Hundley singled to center . Denorfia singled to center , Hundley to second . Salazar singled to right center , Hundley to third , Denorfia to second . Durango fouled out to right . Correia struck out swinging . Hairston Jr. homered to left ( 373 feet ) , Hundley , Denorfia and Salazar scored . Eckstein flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Correia pitching for Padres . Reyes grounded out to catcher . Cora grounded out to first . Bay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Takahashi pitching for Mets . Gonzalez singled to left . Headley singled to right center , Gonzalez to second . Hundley doubled to deep left , Gonzalez and Headley scored . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop , Hundley to third . Salazar flied out to center , Hundley thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Correia pitching for Padres . Davis grounded out to second . Wright singled to right . Pagan lined out to right . Barajas grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Takahashi pitching for Mets . Durango singled to center . Correia sacrificed to pitcher , Durango to second . Hairston Jr. walked . Eckstein grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hairston Jr. out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Correia pitching for Padres . Francoeur hit by pitch . Matthews hit for Takahashi . Matthews doubled to center , Francoeur to third . Reyes tripled to deep right , Francoeur and Matthews scored . Cora grounded out to second , Reyes scored . Bay struck out swinging . Davis grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Valdes pitching for Mets . Gonzalez reached on infield single to second . Headley singled to left , Gonzalez to second . Hundley walked , Gonzalez to third , Headley to second . Denorfia walked , Gonzalez scored , Headley to third , Hundley to second . Salazar walked , Headley scored , Hundley to third , Denorfia to second . Mejia pitching for Mets . Durango singled to center , Hundley and Denorfia scored , Salazar to second . Correia struck out swinging . Hairston Jr. grounded out to second , Salazar to third , Durango to second . Eckstein grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Correia pitching for Padres . Wright grounded out to shortstop . Pagan walked . Barajas homered to left ( 370 feet ) , Pagan scored . Francoeur grounded out to third . Carter hit for Mejia . Carter lined out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Igarashi pitching for Mets . Gonzalez walked . Headley singled to left center , Gonzalez to second . Hundley singled to left , Gonzalez to third , Headley to second . Denorfia doubled to deep right , Gonzalez and Headley scored , Hundley to third . Salazar walked . Durango grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hundley out at home , Denorfia to third , Salazar to second . Venable hit for Correia . Venable singled to right , Denorfia and Salazar scored , Durango to third , Durango scored , Venable to second on throwing error by first baseman Davis . Perez pitching for Mets . Hairston Jr. singled to center , Venable to third . Eckstein hit sacrifice fly to center , Venable scored . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 7th . Webb pitching for Padres . Denorfia in left field . Salazar at first base . Venable in right field . Tatis hit for Reyes . Tatis grounded out to shortstop . Cora walked . Bay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cora out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Tatis at second base . Cora at shortstop . Perez pitching for Mets . Headley homered to center ( 412 feet ) . Hundley struck out swinging . Denorfia reached on infield single to third . Salazar grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Denorfia out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Gallagher pitching for Padres . Davis lined out to left . Wright walked . Pagan singled to center , Wright to second . Barajas lined out to left . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pagan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Mets . Durango walked . Venable hit by pitch , Durango to second . Hairston Jr. grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Venable out at second , Durango to third . Zawadzki singled to left , Durango scored . Gwynn hit for Gallagher . Gwynn popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Castillo hit for Perez . Castillo struck out looking . Tatis grounded out to third . Cora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 6 - Padres 18 .	Hairston slam helps Padres hang 18 on Mets