Padres - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Gwynn flied out to center . Eckstein walked . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Eckstein to second . Headley singled to center , Eckstein scored , Headley to second advancing on throw . Torrealba popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Latos pitching for Padres . Coghlan lined out to left . Sanchez flied out to center . Ramirez singled to center . Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Latos . Cantu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Venable struck out looking . Denorfia singled to center . Cabrera walked , Denorfia to second . Latos sacrificed to catcher , Denorfia to third , Cabrera to second . Gwynn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Latos pitching for Padres . Uggla doubled to deep left center . Ross struck out looking . Paulino walked . Bonifacio reached on infield single to first , Uggla to third , Paulino to second . Sanchez struck out swinging . Coghlan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Eckstein grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Headley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Latos pitching for Padres . Sanchez walked . Ramirez lined out to center . Cantu struck out swinging . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Torrealba grounded out to pitcher . Venable grounded out to first . Denorfia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Latos pitching for Padres . Ross walked . Paulino grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ross out at second . Bonifacio reached on infield single to second . Bonifacio stole second . Sanchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 5th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Cabrera flied out to left . Latos grounded out to first . Gwynn reached on infield single to third , Gwynn to second on throwing error by third baseman Cantu . Eckstein lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Latos pitching for Padres . Coghlan flied out to center . Sanchez lined out to center . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez safe at first on error by second baseman Uggla . Headley walked , Gonzalez to second . Torrealba reached on bunt single to third , Gonzalez to third , Headley to second . Venable hit sacrifice fly to center , Gonzalez scored , Headley to third , Torrealba to second . Denorfia intentionally walked . Cabrera grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Denorfia out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Latos pitching for Padres . Cantu singled to left . Uggla grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cantu out at second . Ross doubled to deep right . Paulino walked . Webb pitching for Padres . Cunningham in left field . Bonifacio singled to center , Ross scored , Paulino to second . Lamb hit for Sanchez . Lamb lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Wood pitching for Marlins . Cunningham flied out to center . Gwynn singled to right . Gwynn caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Eckstein reached on infield single to shortstop . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Padres . Coghlan reached on infield single to second . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop , Coghlan to second . Ramirez walked . Cantu singled to center , Coghlan scored , Ramirez to third . Uggla grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cantu out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Headley flied out to right . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Torrealba singled to left . Venable homered to right ( 434 feet ) , Torrealba scored . Salazar hit for Webb . Salazar popped out to shortstop . Cabrera fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Mujica pitching for Padres . Ross grounded out to second . Paulino grounded out to shortstop . Bonifacio bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Nunez pitching for Marlins . Cunningham lined out to left . Gwynn walked . Eckstein struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Helms hit for Nunez . Helms lined out to left . Coghlan struck out swinging . Sanchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 4 - Marlins 2 .	Venable 's homer gives Padres sweep of Marlins