Padres - Top 1st . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Cunningham singled to center . Eckstein singled to center , Cunningham to third . Tejada singled to right , Cunningham scored , Eckstein to second . Gonzalez safe at first on error by second baseman Young Jr. , Eckstein to third , Tejada to second . Ludwick singled to deep right , Eckstein scored , Tejada to third , Gonzalez to second . Headley struck out swinging . Hundley grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ludwick out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for Padres . Young Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Fowler struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Venable grounded out to second . Garland walked . Cunningham singled to left , Garland to second . Eckstein grounded into double play , third to first , Garland out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Garland pitching for Padres . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Helton grounded out to third . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Tejada grounded out to second . Gonzalez walked . Ludwick singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Headley grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Ludwick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for Padres . Smith struck out swinging . Olivo grounded out to shortstop . Hammel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Hammel pitching for Rockies . Hundley singled to center . Hundley picked off first . Venable struck out swinging . Garland reached on infield single to shortstop . Cunningham doubled to deep right , Garland to third . Eckstein doubled to left , Garland and Cunningham scored . Tejada struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Garland pitching for Padres . Young Jr. safe at first on error by first baseman Gonzalez . Fowler singled to center , Young Jr. to second , Young Jr. to third , Fowler to second on error by center fielder Venable . Gonzalez doubled to right , Young Jr. and Fowler scored . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to shortstop , Gonzalez to third . Helton hit sacrifice fly to center , Gonzalez scored . Mora grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tulowitzki out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Delcarmen pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez flied out to center . Ludwick grounded out to third . Headley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Garland pitching for Padres . Smith grounded out to first . Olivo grounded out to shortstop . Delcarmen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Delcarmen pitching for Rockies . Hundley struck out swinging . Venable fouled out to catcher . Garland doubled to deep right center . Cunningham popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Garland pitching for Padres . Young Jr. struck out looking . Fowler struck out swinging . Gonzalez singled to right . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Delcarmen pitching for Rockies . Eckstein grounded out to second . Tejada safe at first on error by second baseman Young Jr .. Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez flied out to right . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Ludwick singled to center , Tejada to second . Headley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Garland pitching for Padres . Helton flied out to center . Mora grounded out to second . Smith fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Hundley struck out swinging . Venable singled to right . Stairs hit for Garland . Stairs homered to center ( 426 feet ) , Venable scored . Cunningham struck out swinging . Eckstein struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Adams pitching for Padres . Olivo fouled out to first . Spilborghs hit for Betancourt . Spilborghs singled to left . Young Jr. flied out to center . Fowler singled to right , Spilborghs to second . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Gonzalez singled to center , Spilborghs scored , Fowler to third . Bell pitching for Padres . Tulowitzki flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Escalona pitching for Rockies . Tejada doubled to deep right center . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Ludwick struck out swinging . Headley reached on infield single to first , Tejada to third , Gonzalez to second . Hundley hit sacrifice fly to right , Tejada scored , Gonzalez to third , Headley to second . Venable intentionally walked . Bell lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Gwynn in center field . Venable in right field . Bell pitching for Padres . Helton doubled to deep left . Mora doubled to deep right , Helton scored . Smith lined out to left . Payton hit for Olivo . Payton singled to center , Mora scored . Giambi hit for Escalona . Giambi walked , Payton to second . Nelson ran for Giambi . Young Jr. grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Nelson out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 7 - Rockies 6 .	Padres survive Rockies