Indians - Top 1st . Covey pitching for White Sox . Lindor homered to right ( 437 feet ) . Freeman struck out looking . Santana singled to deep right . Kipnis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Santana out at second . Ramírez doubled to deep right , Kipnis to third . Bauers flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Bauer pitching for Indians . García popped out to third . Moncada singled to right . Abreu flied out to center . Alonso singled to right , Moncada to second . Jiménez walked , Alonso to second , Moncada to third . Tilson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Covey pitching for White Sox . Allen singled to center . Pérez sacrificed to catcher , Allen to second . Martín grounded out to second , Allen to third . Lindor lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Sánchez hit by pitch . Zavala struck out swinging . García flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Covey pitching for White Sox . Freeman lined out to left . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Kipnis singled to right . Ramírez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Moncada singled to left . Abreu struck out swinging . Alonso reached on infield single to second , Alonso safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Lindor , Moncada to second , Moncada safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Lindor . Jiménez grounded out to third . Tilson hit ground rule double to left , Alonso scored and Moncada scored . Anderson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 4th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Bauers reached on infield single to catcher . Allen lined into double play , to first , Bauers doubled off first . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Sánchez singled to right . Zavala singled to right , Sánchez to second . García sacrificed , Zavala to second , Sánchez to third . Moncada struck out swinging . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center , Sánchez scored , García to second , Zavala to third . Zavala scored on error by first baseman Santana and García scored on error by first baseman Santana , Alonso safe at first on error by first baseman Santana . Jiménez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 5th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Martín flied out to left . Lindor lined out to left . Freeman singled to center . Santana struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Tilson popped out to third . Anderson safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Freeman . Anderson stole second . Sánchez singled to right center , Anderson scored , Sánchez safe at second on throwing error by right fielder Allen . Zavala struck out swinging . García struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Kipnis flied out to center . Ramírez walked . Bauers singled to center , Ramírez to second . Allen struck out swinging . Pérez fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Moncada flied out to center . Abreu grounded out to first . Alonso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Osich pitching for White Sox . Martín struck out looking . Lindor grounded out to third . Freeman bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Jiménez lined out to center . Tilson singled to left . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tilson out at second . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Osich pitching for White Sox . Santana singled to left . Kipnis popped out to first . Ramírez struck out looking . Bauers grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Olson pitching for Indians . Zavala grounded out to shortstop . García singled to left . Moncada popped out to second . Abreu flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Allen flied out to center . Pérez grounded out to second . Martín struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 1 - White Sox 6 .	Dylan Covey helps White Sox beat sloppy Indians 6 - 1