Royals - Top 1st . Bieber pitching for Indians . Merrifield struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to second . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Lindor doubled to deep right . Mercado singled to right , Lindor scored . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mercado out at second . Kipnis lined out to left . Ramírez lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Bieber pitching for Indians . Dozier struck out looking . Soler singled to left . Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop , Soler to second . Duda walked . Arteaga reached on infield single to pitcher , Duda to second , Soler to third . Maldonado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Bradley struck out swinging . Naquin grounded out to shortstop . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Bieber pitching for Indians . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . Lopez walked . Lopez to second on wild pitch by Bieber . Gordon hit by pitch . Dozier grounded into double play , second to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Freeman lined out to left . Lindor doubled to center . Mercado flied out to right , Lindor to third . Santana walked . Kipnis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Bieber pitching for Indians . Soler struck out looking . Cuthbert singled to left . Duda grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Cuthbert out at second in rundown . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Ramírez flied out to right . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . Naquin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Bieber pitching for Indians . Arteaga safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Santana . Maldonado singled to left center , Arteaga to third . Merrifield doubled to deep center , Arteaga scored and Maldonado scored . Lopez sacrificed to third , Merrifield to third . Gordon struck out swinging . Dozier grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Pérez homered to right ( 360 feet ) . Freeman homered to right ( 389 feet ) . Lindor grounded out to first . Mercado flied out to right . Santana lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Bieber pitching for Indians . Soler grounded out to shortstop . Cuthbert singled to center . Olson pitching for Indians . Duda doubled to deep center , Cuthbert scored . Cimber pitching for Indians . Arteaga singled to center , Duda to third . Maldonado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Arteaga to third , Duda out at home in rundown . Merrifield flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Kipnis walked . Ramírez flied out to left . Bradley struck out swinging . Naquin homered to right ( 352 feet ) , Kipnis scored . Pérez reached on infield single to shortstop . Barlow pitching for Royals . Freeman singled to left , Pérez to third . Lindor struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Pérez pitching for Indians . Lopez grounded out to catcher . Gordon flied out to center . Clippard pitching for Indians . Dozier grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Barlow pitching for Royals . Mercado flied out to left . Santana homered to center ( 420 feet ) . Kipnis struck out swinging . Ramírez singled to left . Ramírez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Scott Barlow pitches to Bobby Bradley . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Clippard pitching for Indians . Soler struck out swinging . Cuthbert lined out to left . Duda walked . Arteaga grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Duda out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Bradley flied out to center . Naquin grounded out to pitcher . Pérez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Hand pitching for Indians . Maldonado doubled to deep left . Merrifield singled to center , Maldonado to third . Lopez reached on infield single to first , Maldonado scored , Merrifield to second . Gordon singled to center , Lopez to second , Merrifield to third . Dozier homered to left center ( 406 feet ) , Merrifield scored , Lopez scored and Gordon scored . Goody pitching for Indians . Soler struck out swinging . Cuthbert struck out swinging . Duda struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Merrifield in right field . Hamilton in center field . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Freeman struck out looking . Lindor lined out to center . Mercado singled to right . Mercado to second on fielder 's indifference . Santana struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 8 - Indians 6 .	Dozier 's slam leads Royals to 8 - 6 comeback win over Indians