Indians - Top 1st . Junis pitching for Royals . Lindor singled to right . Mercado struck out looking . Freeman walked , Lindor to second . Kipnis grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Freeman out at second , Lindor to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Plesac pitching for Indians . Merrifield grounded out to second . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . Dozier grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Junis pitching for Royals . Ramírez singled to deep right . Bauers grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramírez out at second . Allen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Plesac pitching for Indians . Soler struck out looking . Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop . Starling singled to center . Duda singled to left center , Starling thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Junis pitching for Royals . Plawecki fouled out to catcher . Naquin singled to right . Lindor tripled to right , Naquin scored . Mercado popped out to second . Freeman singled to right , Lindor scored . Kipnis flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Plesac pitching for Indians . Arteaga grounded out to third . Gallagher singled to center . Merrifield walked , Gallagher to second . Gordon flied out to left . Dozier popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Junis pitching for Royals . Ramírez lined out to second . Bauers struck out looking . Allen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Plesac pitching for Indians . Soler walked . Cuthbert struck out swinging . Starling flied out to right . Duda hit by pitch , Soler to second . Arteaga flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Junis pitching for Royals . Plawecki singled to right . Naquin grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Plawecki out at second . Lindor popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Plesac pitching for Indians . Gallagher grounded out to third . Merrifield safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Freeman . Gordon singled to right , Merrifield to third . Dozier singled to center , Merrifield scored , Gordon to second . Soler struck out swinging . Cuthbert grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Junis pitching for Royals . Mercado singled to left . Freeman lined out to center . Kipnis hit by pitch , Mercado to second . Ramírez homered to right ( 428 feet ) , Mercado scored and Kipnis scored . Bauers struck out swinging . Allen walked . Plawecki struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Plesac pitching for Indians . Starling fouled out to pitcher . Duda fouled out to third . Arteaga lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Junis pitching for Royals . Naquin singled to left center . Lindor singled to right center , Naquin to third . López pitching for Royals . Lindor stole second . Mercado walked . Freeman hit sacrifice fly to center , Naquin scored . Kipnis walked , Mercado to second , Lindor to third . Ramírez lined into double play , center to catcher , Lindor out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Plesac pitching for Indians . Gallagher singled to left . Merrifield struck out swinging . Gordon grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Gallagher out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Royals . Bauers doubled to deep center . Allen struck out swinging . Plawecki grounded out to third . Naquin doubled to deep left , Bauers scored . Lindor flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Cimber pitching for Indians . Dozier popped out to shortstop . Soler lined out to shortstop . Cuthbert flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Lopez pitching for Royals . Mercado grounded out to third . Freeman safe at second on error by second baseman Merrifield . Kipnis popped out to third . Ramírez walked . Bauers singled to center , Freeman scored , Ramírez to third . Allen lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 9th . Cimber pitching for Indians . Starling singled to left . Duda singled to left center , Starling to third . Arteaga singled to right , Starling scored , Duda to second . Gallagher flied out to right , Duda to third . Merrifield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Duda scored , Arteaga out at second . Merrifield to second on fielder 's indifference . Gordon lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 8 - Royals 3 .	Ramirez 's 3 - run homer leads Indians over Royals 8 - 3