White Sox - Top 1st . Civale pitching for Indians . García singled to left . Anderson lined into double play , shortstop to first , García out at first . Abreu walked . Moncada walked , Abreu to second . Jiménez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Lindor walked . Lindor stole second . Mercado flied out to center , Lindor to third . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Puig walked . Luplow walked , Puig to second . Reyes doubled to deep center , Lindor scored , Luplow scored and Puig scored . Pérez reached on infield single to shortstop , Reyes to third . Chang grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pérez out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Civale pitching for Indians . Skole struck out swinging . Castillo struck out swinging . Sánchez walked . Engel lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Freeman grounded out to third . Lindor singled to center . Lindor caught stealing second , catcher to second . Mercado walked . Santana safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Moncada , Mercado safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Moncada . Puig popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . Civale pitching for Indians . García doubled to first . Anderson flied out to right , García to third . Abreu grounded out to third , García scored . Moncada doubled to left . Jiménez singled to center , Moncada thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Luplow lined out to left . Reyes walked . Pérez singled to center , Reyes to third . Chang walked , Pérez to second . Freeman hit sacrifice fly to center , Reyes scored . Fulmer pitching for White Sox . Lindor lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Civale pitching for Indians . Skole singled to left . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castillo safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Freeman , Skole out at second . Sánchez doubled to left , Castillo scored . Engel fouled out to first . García popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Fulmer pitching for White Sox . Mercado lined out to left . Santana flied out to center . Puig doubled to right . Bauers hit for Luplow . Bauers homered to left ( 345 feet ) , Puig scored . Reyes struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Bauers in left field . Civale pitching for Indians . Anderson doubled to right , Anderson safe at third on throwing error by right fielder Puig . Abreu fouled out to right . Moncada hit sacrifice fly to left , Anderson scored . Jiménez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Fulmer pitching for White Sox . Pérez grounded out to third . Chang struck out swinging . Fry pitching for White Sox . Freeman walked . Freeman to second on wild pitch by Fry . Lindor flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Plawecki catching . Clippard pitching for Indians . Skole struck out swinging . Castillo struck out swinging . Sánchez walked . Engel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Mercado struck out looking . Santana homered to right center ( 397 feet ) . Puig walked . Puig stole second . Bauers struck out looking . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Goody pitching for Indians . García walked . Anderson singled to left , García to second . Abreu flied out to center , Anderson to second , García to third . Moncada walked . Cimber pitching for Indians . Jiménez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Moncada out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Bañuelos pitching for White Sox . Plawecki grounded out to shortstop . Chang walked . Freeman doubled to right , Chang to third . Lindor singled to right center , Chang scored , Lindor to second , Freeman to third . Mercado hit sacrifice fly to right , Freeman scored , Lindor to third . Santana singled to left center , Lindor scored . Puig grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Allen in left field . Bauers at first base . Wittgren pitching for Indians . Skole struck out looking . Castillo grounded out to first . Sánchez walked . Engel walked , Sánchez to second . García singled to right , Engel to second , Sánchez to third . Anderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Banuelos pitching for White Sox . Bauers walked . Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop , Bauers to second . Osich pitching for White Sox . Reyes to second on wild pitch by Osich , Bauers to third on wild pitch by Osich . Plawecki struck out swinging . Chang grounded out to shortstop , Bauers scored . Freeman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Wood pitching for Indians . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Moncada grounded out to third . Jiménez singled to deep right . Skole flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 3 - Indians 11 .	Santana , Reyes lead Indians past White Sox 11 - 3