White Sox - Top 1st . Bieber pitching for Indians . García singled to center . Anderson fouled out to first . Abreu struck out looking . Moncada lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Nova pitching for White Sox . Lindor singled to shallow center . Mercado doubled to left , Lindor to third . Santana grounded out to first . Puig grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lindor scored , Mercado out at third . Kipnis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Bieber pitching for Indians . McCann walked . Jiménez doubled to deep right center , McCann to third . Palka struck out swinging . Sánchez hit sacrifice fly to center , McCann scored , Jiménez to third . Collins singled to right center , Jiménez scored . García struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Nova pitching for White Sox . Reyes doubled to deep center . Bauers walked , Reyes to third on wild pitch by Nova . Pérez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reyes scored , Bauers out at second . Chang grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Bieber pitching for Indians . Anderson struck out looking . Abreu struck out swinging . Moncada singled to left . McCann lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Nova pitching for White Sox . Lindor lined out to center . Mercado reached on infield single to shortstop . Santana doubled to deep center , Mercado scored . Puig reached on infield single to third . Kipnis popped out to first . Reyes lined out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Bieber pitching for Indians . Jiménez lined out to center . Palka struck out looking . Sánchez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Bauers struck out looking . Pérez singled to center . Chang singled to left , Pérez to second . Lindor flied out to right . Mercado singled to right center , Pérez scored , Chang to third . Santana grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Bieber pitching for Indians . Collins walked . García grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Collins out at second . Anderson doubled to right , García to third . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Anderson to third , García out at home in rundown . Moncada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Puig singled to left . Kipnis lined out to pitcher , Puig safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Nova . Reyes homered to right ( 413 feet ) , Puig scored . Bauers walked . Cordero pitching for White Sox . Bauers stole second . Pérez struck out swinging . Chang grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 6th . Bieber pitching for Indians . McCann grounded out to shortstop . Jiménez reached on infield single to shortstop . Palka grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Jiménez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Cordero pitching for White Sox . Lindor doubled to deep right . Mercado flied out to center . Santana fouled out to first . Puig flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Bieber pitching for Indians . Sánchez grounded out to second . Collins struck out swinging . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Osich pitching for White Sox . Kipnis flied out to left . Reyes walked . Luplow hit for Bauers . Luplow singled to left , Reyes to second . Herrera pitching for White Sox . Luplow to second on wild pitch by Herrera , Reyes to third on wild pitch by Herrera . Pérez struck out swinging . Chang singled to left , Reyes scored and Luplow scored , Chang thrown out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Luplow in left field . Goody pitching for Indians . Anderson singled to right . Abreu homered to left ( 376 feet ) , Anderson scored . Moncada singled to right . Clippard pitching for Indians . McCann struck out swinging . Jiménez hit by pitch , Moncada to second . Palka grounded out to second , Jiménez to second , Moncada to third . Sánchez popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . García in right field . Engel in center field . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Lindor grounded out to shortstop . Mercado walked . Santana flied out to right . Mercado stole second , Mercado safe at third on throwing error by catcher McCann . Puig lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 9th . Mendick hit for Collins . Hand pitching for Indians . Mendick struck out swinging . García reached on infield single to shortstop . Anderson homered to left center ( 401 feet ) , García scored . Abreu singled to left . Moncada walked , Abreu to second . McCann singled to center , Moncada to second , Abreu to third . Wittgren pitching for Indians . Jiménez lined out to center . Goins hit for Engel . Goins struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Indians 8 .	Bieber strikes out nine , Indians beat White Sox 8 - 6