Padres - Top 1st . Erickson pitching for Dodgers . Burroughs grounded out to second . Loretta walked . Giles flied out to center . Klesko grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Eaton pitching for Padres . Izturis singled to right center . Izturis stole second , Izturis safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hernandez . Ledee lined out to first . Drew hit sacrifice fly to left , Izturis scored . Kent walked . Bradley lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 2nd . Erickson pitching for Dodgers . Nevin singled to center . Hernandez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Nevin out at second . Nady flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Eaton pitching for Padres . Valentin grounded out to second . Phillips doubled to deep left . Grabowski singled to center , Phillips scored , Grabowski to second advancing on throw . Erickson singled to right , Grabowski scored on throwing error by right fielder Giles . Izturis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Erickson out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 3rd . Erickson pitching for Dodgers . Blum grounded out to second . Eaton grounded out to pitcher . Burroughs grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Eaton pitching for Padres . Ledee grounded out to pitcher . Drew walked . Kent doubled to right , Drew to third . Bradley singled to right , Drew scored , Kent thrown out at home . Valentin walked , Bradley to second . Phillips singled to left , Bradley scored , Valentin to third . Grabowski struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Erickson pitching for Dodgers . Loretta walked . Giles walked , Loretta to second . Klesko grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Giles out at second , Loretta to third . Nevin flied out to center . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Klesko out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Eaton pitching for Padres . Erickson struck out swinging . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . Ledee flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Erickson pitching for Dodgers . Nady popped out to catcher . Blum flied out to center . Eaton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Eaton pitching for Padres . Drew singled to right . Kent popped out to shortstop . Bradley lined into double play , right to first , Drew doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Erickson pitching for Dodgers . Burroughs flied out to left . Loretta singled to right . Giles singled to right , Loretta to second . Klesko doubled to deep right , Loretta scored , Giles to third . Nevin grounded out to third , Giles scored , Klesko to third . Hernandez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Eaton pitching for Padres . Valentin grounded out to first . Phillips flied out to right . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Nakamura at first base . Grabowski struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Nady safe at first on error by first baseman Nakamura . Nady stole second . Sweeney hit for Eaton . Blum struck out swinging . Sweeney grounded out to second , Nady to third . Seanez pitching for Padres . Burroughs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Seanez pitching for Padres . Nakamura grounded out to third . Izturis struck out swinging . Ledee homered to right . Repko in left field . Drew struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Loretta singled to right . Giles struck out looking . Carrara pitching for Dodgers . Klesko doubled to right , Loretta to third . Nevin hit sacrifice fly to center , Loretta scored . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Kent walked . Bradley struck out looking . Kent stole second . Valentin walked . Saenz hit for Carrara . May pitching for Padres . Phillips singled to center , Kent scored , Valentin to third . Saenz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Valentin scored , Phillips out at second . Nakamura singled to right , Saenz to third . Schmoll pitching for Dodgers . Izturis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Schmoll pitching for Dodgers . Nady grounded out to first . Ojeda hit for May. Blum flied out to left . Ojeda grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 3 - Dodgers 8 .	Erickson gets first NL win as Dodgers drop Padres