Padres - Top 1st . Rueter pitching for Giants . Roberts grounded out to first . Loretta bunt grounded out to catcher . Giles grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Redding pitching for Padres . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . Snow lined out to center . Durham flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Nevin grounded out to third . Klesko flied out to center . Hernandez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Redding pitching for Padres . Alou grounded out to third . Feliz lined out to center . Tucker reached on bunt single to pitcher . Ellison singled to right , Tucker to second . Torrealba flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Nady grounded out to shortstop . Blum grounded out to third . Redding grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Redding pitching for Padres . Rueter reached on bunt single to second . Vizquel grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Rueter out at second . Snow flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Roberts singled to right . Roberts caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Loretta popped out to shortstop . Giles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Redding pitching for Padres . Durham walked . Alou reached on infield single to first , Durham to second . Feliz homered to left , Durham and Alou scored . Tucker flied out to center . Ellison walked . Torrealba walked , Ellison to second . Rueter sacrificed to third , Ellison to third , Torrealba to second , Rueter safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Redding . Ellison and Torrealba scored on throwing error by pitcher . Reyes pitching for Padres . Vizquel doubled to right , Rueter scored . Snow lined out to shortstop . Durham grounded out to third . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 5th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Nevin doubled to deep left . Klesko grounded out to first , Nevin to third . Hernandez singled to right , Nevin scored . Nady flied out to center . Blum grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernandez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Reyes pitching for Padres . Alou grounded out to third . Feliz walked . Hyzdu hit for Reyes . Tucker grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Feliz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Hyzdu grounded out to shortstop . Roberts walked . Loretta flied out to left . Levine pitching for Giants . Giles singled to left , Roberts to second . May pitching for Padres . Nevin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . May pitching for Padres . Ellison reached on infield single to shortstop . Torrealba reached on infield single to third , Ellison to second . Levine bunt popped out to pitcher . Ellison stole third , Torrealba stole second . Vizquel walked . Snow grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ellison scored on throwing error by first baseman Nevin , Torrealba to third , Vizquel to second . Durham singled to center , Torrealba and Vizquel scored , Snow to second . Alou walked , Snow to third , Durham to second . Feliz struck out looking . Tucker grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Alou out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 7th . Levine pitching for Giants . Klesko flied out to center . Hernandez struck out swinging . Nady struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . May pitching for Padres . Ellison tripled to right center . Torrealba hit ground rule double to left , Ellison scored . Hammond pitching for Padres . Ojeda catching . Levine grounded out to first , Torrealba to third . Niekro hit for Snow . Vizquel flied out to left . Niekro at first base . Niekro fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Levine pitching for Giants . Blum singled to center . Ojeda popped out to first . Roberts doubled to deep right , Blum to third . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Loretta singled to right , Blum scored , Roberts to third . Giles grounded out to second , Roberts scored , Loretta to second . Nevin flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Hammond pitching for Padres . Durham grounded out to shortstop . Alou fouled out to first . Feliz popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Garcia hit for Hammond . Brower pitching for Giants . Sweeney hit for Garcia . Klesko grounded out to second . Sweeney flied out to center . Nady lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 3 - Giants 10 .	Giants provide the run support for Rueter 's first win