Padres - Top 1st . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Greene doubled to deep right . Blum grounded out to second , Greene to third . Klesko grounded out to second , Greene scored . Nevin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . May pitching for Padres . Counsell flied out to left . Clayton singled to left . Gonzalez doubled to deep right , Clayton to third . Glaus walked . Clark doubled to deep center , Clayton and Gonzalez scored , Glaus to third . Cruz grounded out to third , Glaus scored . Terrero reached on infield single to second , Clark to third . Snyder flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles flied out to center . Hernandez flied out to left . Nady singled to center . Burroughs grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Nady out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . May pitching for Padres . Halsey flied out to left . Counsell struck out looking . Clayton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . May grounded out to shortstop . Greene singled to left center . Greene to second on balk by Halsey . Blum grounded out to shortstop . Klesko reached on infield single to shortstop , Greene to third . Nevin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . May pitching for Padres . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Glaus fouled out to first . Clark singled to left . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles flied out to center . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Nady flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . May pitching for Padres . Terrero flied out to center . Snyder struck out looking . Halsey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Burroughs safe at first on error by second baseman Counsell . May struck out swinging . Greene singled to center , Burroughs to second . Blum singled to left , Burroughs scored , Greene to second . Klesko safe at first on error by pitcher Halsey , Greene to third , Blum to second . Nevin singled to right , Greene scored , Blum to third , Klesko to second . Giles popped out to shortstop . Hernandez walked , Blum scored , Klesko to third , Nevin to second . Nady singled to right , Klesko and Nevin scored , Hernandez to second , Nady out stretching at second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . May pitching for Padres . Counsell singled to right . Clayton doubled to deep center , Counsell scored . Gonzalez struck out looking . Seanez pitching for Padres . Jackson in center field . Glaus homered to center , Clayton scored . Clark homered to center . Cruz flied out to center . Terrero homered to left . Snyder struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Burroughs grounded out to first . Jackson lined out to third . Kata hit for Halsey . Greene grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Seanez pitching for Padres . Kata struck out swinging . Counsell flied out to right . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Clayton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Blum flied out to right . Klesko walked . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Nevin fouled out to first . Giles doubled to left , Klesko to third . Sweeney hit for Seanez . Hernandez doubled to right , Klesko and Giles scored . Sweeney walked . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Burroughs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sweeney out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Glaus singled to center . Clark struck out swinging . Cruz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Green in right field . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Jackson singled to center . Greene struck out swinging . Blum singled to left , Jackson to second . Klesko singled to right , Jackson scored , Blum to second . Nevin struck out swinging . Otsuka pitching for Padres . Giles flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Otsuka pitching for Padres . Terrero reached on bunt single to third . Tracy hit for Snyder . Tracy singled to left , Terrero to second . Green walked , Terrero to third , Tracy to second . Reyes pitching for Padres . Counsell singled to left , Terrero scored , Tracy to third , Green to second . Tracy scored , Green to third , Counsell to second on wild pitch by Reyes . Clayton singled to center , Green and Counsell scored . Clayton batting . Gonzalez grounded out to third , Clayton to second . Falkenborg pitching for Padres . Glaus struck out swinging . Clayton to third on wild pitch by Falkenborg . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Hill catching . Clark struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Roberts hit for Falkenborg . Roberts reached on infield single to third . Burroughs hit by pitch , Roberts to second . Fick hit for Jackson . Fick struck out looking . Greene tripled to deep center , Roberts and Burroughs scored . Blum flied out to right . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 11 - Diamondbacks 12 .	Run amok : Diamondbacks outslug Padres