Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Padres . Counsell popped out to second . Cintron flied out to center . Gonzalez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Roberts walked . Roberts stole second . Jackson grounded out to third , Roberts to third . Giles grounded out to third . Klesko homered to right , Roberts scored . Sweeney singled to left . Hernandez batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Padres . Green flied out to center . Tracy singled to center . Cruz flied out to right . Clayton singled to center , Tracy to second . Snyder grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Burroughs singled to left . Greene grounded into double play , third to second to first , Burroughs out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Padres . Webb singled to left . Counsell grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Webb out at second . Cintron fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Williams struck out looking . Roberts struck out looking . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Williams pitching for Padres . Gonzalez struck out looking . Green walked . Tracy grounded out to pitcher , Green to second . Cruz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles singled to right center . Klesko grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Giles out at second . Sweeney homered to right . Hernandez singled to center . Burroughs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernandez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Padres . Clayton singled to center . Snyder flied out to right . Webb sacrificed to pitcher , Clayton to second . Counsell walked . Cintron grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Greene reached on infield single to third . Williams sacrificed to catcher , Greene to second , Williams safe at first on throwing error by catcher Snyder . Roberts sacrificed to pitcher , Greene to third , Williams to second . Jackson singled to left , Greene scored , Williams to third . Giles hit sacrifice fly to right , Williams scored . Klesko grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Williams pitching for Padres . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Green homered to right . Tracy flied out to left . Cruz singled to right . Hammond pitching for Padres . Clark hit for Snyder . Clayton walked , Cruz to second . Glaus hit for Webb . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Clark singled to left , Cruz to third , Clayton to second , Cruz scored , Clayton to third , Clark to second on throwing error by left fielder Klesko . Glaus homered to left , Clayton and Clark scored . Counsell doubled to deep right . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Cintron at second base . Stinnett catching . Glaus at third base . Cintron lined out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 6th . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney singled to center . Hernandez reached on bunt single to pitcher , Sweeney to second . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Burroughs flied out to right . Fick hit for Linebrink . Greene singled to left , Sweeney scored , Hernandez to second , Greene to second , Hernandez to third advancing on throw . Fick intentionally walked . Roberts grounded out to shortstop , Hernandez scored , Greene to third , Fick to second . Jackson singled to right , Greene and Fick scored . Almanza pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles batting . Quantrill pitching for Padres . Fick in left field . Klesko grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Quantrill pitching for Padres . Gonzalez singled to left . Green singled to left center , Gonzalez to second . Tracy flied out to right , Gonzalez to third . Cruz hit sacrifice fly to center , Gonzalez scored . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Clayton grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney struck out swinging . Hernandez popped out to shortstop . Otsuka pitching for Padres . Burroughs flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Otsuka pitching for Padres . Stinnett doubled to deep right . McCracken hit for Koplove . Glaus flied out to right . McCracken flied out to center . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Cintron grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Greene struck out swinging . Fick struck out swinging . Nady in left field . Astacio pitching for Padres . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Astacio pitching for Padres . Gonzalez flied out to center . Green walked . Hoffman pitching for Padres . Tracy singled to right , Green to second . Green to third , Tracy to second on wild pitch by Hoffman . Cruz walked . Clayton hit sacrifice fly to center , Green scored . Stinnett struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Padres 10 .	Padres blow five - run lead , but hold off late D - Backs rally