Padres - Top 1st . Kim pitching for Rockies . Roberts lined out to center . Loretta lined out to shortstop . Hernandez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Barmes fouled out to second . Sullivan lined out to right . Helton singled to center . Holliday flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Kim pitching for Rockies . Giles homered to right . Klesko grounded out to second . Greene homered to left . Randa doubled to deep center . Nady fouled out to catcher . Lawrence struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Atkins struck out swinging . Hawpe grounded out to first . Miles singled to center . Ardoin walked , Miles to second . Kim singled to left , Miles scored , Ardoin to second . Barmes singled to left , Ardoin scored , Kim to second . Sullivan singled to center , Kim scored , Barmes to third . Helton flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Kim pitching for Rockies . Roberts singled to center . Loretta lined out to second , Roberts to second on throwing error by second baseman Miles . Hernandez walked . Giles singled to right , Roberts scored , Hernandez to second . Klesko singled to center , Hernandez to third , Giles to second . Greene struck out swinging . Randa reached on infield single to third , Hernandez scored , Giles to third , Klesko to second . Nady safe at first on error by shortstop Barmes , Giles scored , Klesko to third , Randa to second . Lawrence popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Holliday grounded out to third . Atkins singled to center . Hawpe singled to right , Atkins to second . Miles singled to center , Atkins to third , Hawpe to second . Park pitching for Padres . Ardoin singled to left center , Atkins scored , Hawpe to third , Miles to second . Kim hit sacrifice fly to right , Hawpe scored , Miles to third . Barmes struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Roberts struck out swinging . Loretta hit by pitch . Hernandez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Loretta out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Sullivan singled to center . Helton walked , Sullivan to second . Holliday popped out to second . Atkins singled to left , Sullivan scored , Helton to second . Hawpe grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Atkins out at second , Helton to third . Miles grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Giles singled to right . Klesko grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Giles safe at second on error by shortstop Barmes . Greene popped out to second . Randa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Klesko out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Ho Park pitching for Padres . Ardoin walked . Kim sacrificed to first , Ardoin to second . Barmes flied out to center , Ardoin to third . Sullivan grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Sweeney hit for Park . Kim pitching for Rockies . Nady struck out swinging . Sweeney fouled out to catcher . Roberts singled to center . Loretta homered to left , Roberts scored . Williams pitching for Rockies . Hernandez singled to left . Johnson in left field . Seanez pitching for Padres . Giles flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Seanez pitching for Padres . Helton tripled to deep center . Holliday singled to center , Helton scored . Atkins struck out swinging , Holliday stole second . Hawpe struck out looking . Miles intentionally walked . Acevedo pitching for Rockies . Ardoin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Acevedo pitching for Rockies . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Greene doubled to deep right center . Randa grounded out to shortstop . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Fick at first base . Mohr hit for Acevedo . Nady struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Mohr popped out to shortstop . Barmes struck out swinging . Speier pitching for Rockies . Sullivan lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Speier pitching for Rockies . Fick flied out to left . Roberts grounded out to second . Loretta hit by pitch . Hernandez reached on infield single to pitcher , Loretta to second . Burroughs hit for Johnson . Giles walked , Loretta to third , Hernandez to second . Jackson in left field . Burroughs flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Helton flied out to right . Holliday singled to right . Holliday to second on wild pitch by Linebrink . Atkins grounded out to second , Holliday to third . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Hawpe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Greene homered to center . Young hit for Linebrink . Randa grounded out to shortstop . Young lined out to right . Hoffman pitching for Padres . Fick struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Shealy hit for Ardoin . Hoffman pitching for Padres . Miles flied out to center . Piedra hit for Fuentes . Shealy grounded out to shortstop . Freeman ran for Piedra . Piedra singled to right center . Barmes popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 8 - Rockies 7 .	Greene 's two homers help Padres move back over .500