Padres - Top 1st . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Young grounded out to shortstop . Loretta grounded out to third . Hernandez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Astacio pitching for Padres . Eckstein singled to center . Edmonds popped out to shortstop . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eckstein out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Giles grounded out to pitcher . Greene walked . Randa reached on infield single to pitcher , Greene to second . Nady hit by pitch , Greene to third , Randa to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Astacio grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Astacio pitching for Padres . Walker struck out looking . Sanders lined out to shortstop . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Young bunt grounded out to pitcher . Loretta singled to left . Hernandez flied out to center . Giles grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Astacio pitching for Padres . Nunez walked . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Nunez safe at second on error by shortstop Greene . Mulder sacrificed to first , Nunez to third , Molina to second . Eckstein grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Nunez scored , Molina to third . Edmonds walked , Eckstein to second . Pujols walked , Molina scored , Eckstein to third , Edmonds to second . Walker struck out swinging . Sanders struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 4th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Greene singled to left . Randa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Greene out at second . Nady grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Astacio pitching for Padres . Grudzielanek singled to right . Nunez hit ground rule double to deep right , Grudzielanek to third . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Grudzielanek scored , Nunez to third . Mulder struck out looking . Eckstein sacrificed to pitcher , Nunez scored , Molina to second . Edmonds grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Jackson hit for Astacio . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Johnson struck out swinging . Jackson singled to left . Giles in right field . Hensley pitching for Padres . Jackson in center field . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Hensley pitching for Padres . Pujols reached on infield single to shortstop . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols out at second . Sanders flied out to right . Grudzielanek flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Loretta grounded out to first . Hernandez singled to left . Giles grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Hernandez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hensley pitching for Padres . Nunez lined out to shortstop . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Mulder walked . Eckstein lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Greene doubled to deep center . Randa singled to center , Greene to third . Olivo hit for Hensley . Nady singled to left , Greene scored , Randa to second . Olivo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Nady out at second , Randa to third . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Klesko hit for Young . Jackson hit by pitch . Klesko in left field . Seanez pitching for Padres . Klesko flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Seanez pitching for Padres . Edmonds walked . Pujols singled to right , Edmonds to third . Walker struck out swinging . Sanders doubled to left , Edmonds and Pujols scored , Sanders to third advancing on throw . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Taguchi in left field . Nunez flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Loretta grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez singled to left . Giles walked , Hernandez to second . Greene lined out to third . Randa singled to center , Hernandez to third , Giles to second . Sweeney hit for Seanez . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Nady hit by pitch , Hernandez scored , Giles to third , Randa to second . Otsuka pitching for Padres . Sweeney struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Gall hit for Flores . Otsuka pitching for Padres . Molina lined out to left . Gall grounded out to shortstop . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Roberts hit for Jackson . Eckstein grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Roberts flied out to center . Klesko struck out swinging . Loretta popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 2 - Cardinals 6 .	Mulder solves Padres as Cards near sweep