Rockies - Top 1st. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez lined out to left. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Helton singled to center. Hawpe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Counsell safe at first on error by second baseman Barmes. Catalanotto grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Counsell out at second. Braun reached on infield single to third. Fielder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 2nd. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Spilborghs walked. Stewart walked, Spilborghs to second. Tulowitzki singled to left, Spilborghs to third, Stewart to second. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Spilborghs out at home, Stewart to third, Tulowitzki to second. Cook grounded into fielder's choice to second, Stewart scored, Tulowitzki to third, Phillips safe at second on error by second baseman McGehee. Gonzalez struck out looking. Barmes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Gamel lined out to center. McGehee flied out to center. Gerut grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Helton grounded out to second. Hawpe struck out swinging. Spilborghs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Kendall lined out to right. Gallardo struck out swinging. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Stewart homered to right. Tulowitzki walked. Tulowitzki caught stealing second, catcher to second. Phillips popped out to first. Cook grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Catalanotto singled to left. Braun grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Catalanotto out at second. Fielder flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Barmes struck out swinging. Helton walked. Hawpe grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Gamel struck out looking. McGehee doubled to deep right. Gerut grounded out to second, McGehee to third. Kendall hit by pitch. Hall hit for Gallardo. Hall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Spilborghs singled to center. Stewart flied out to left. Tulowitzki doubled to deep left, Spilborghs scored, Tulowitzki thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Phillips grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Counsell struck out swinging. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Braun singled to center. Fielder hit ground rule double to left, Braun to third. Gamel struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Cook walked. Gonzalez singled to center, Cook to second. Barmes sacrificed to third, Cook to third, Gonzalez to second. Stetter pitching for Brewers. Helton struck out swinging. Hawpe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Cook pitching for Rockies. McGehee singled to right. Gerut singled to center, McGehee to second. Kendall walked, McGehee to third, Gerut to second. Hart hit for Stetter. Daley pitching for Rockies. Hart hit sacrifice fly to center, McGehee scored. Embree pitching for Rockies. Counsell flied out to right. Cameron hit for Catalanotto. Peralta pitching for Rockies. Cameron walked, Gerut to third, Kendall to second. Braun struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Hart in right field. Spilborghs singled to center. Stewart reached on bunt single to third, Spilborghs to second, Spilborghs to third, Stewart to second on throwing error by third baseman Gamel. Tulowitzki intentionally walked. Phillips singled to center, Spilborghs and Stewart scored, Tulowitzki thrown out at third, Phillips to second advancing on throw. Smith hit for Peralta. Smith flied out to right. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Fielder singled to right. Gamel singled to left, Fielder to second. McGehee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gamel out at second, Fielder to third. Gerut grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Barmes flied out to left. Helton walked. Hawpe walked, Helton to second. Fowler ran for Hawpe. Spilborghs flied out to center. Stewart lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Gonzalez in right field. Fowler in center field. Flores pitching for Rockies. Kendall flied out to center. Hart singled to center. Counsell walked, Hart to second. Rivera hit for Smith. Street pitching for Rockies. Rivera struck out swinging, Hart stole third, Counsell stole second. Braun homered to left center, Hart and Counsell scored. Fielder walked. Gamel struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 5 - Brewers 4.	Cook's 7 K's lead Rockies sweep of Brewers