White Sox - Top 1st. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Podsednik reached on infield single to third. Podsednik picked off first. Ramirez flied out to center. Dye singled to left. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Richard pitching for White Sox. McGehee walked. Hardy flied out to center. Braun struck out swinging. Fielder grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Anderson struck out swinging. Getz popped out to shortstop. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Richard pitching for White Sox. Cameron walked. Hart grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cameron out at second. Hall grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hart out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Fields fouled out to first. Richard struck out swinging. Podsednik singled to center. Podsednik out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Ramirez batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Richard pitching for White Sox. Kendall singled to center. Suppan sacrificed to pitcher, Kendall to second. McGehee fouled out to first. Hardy walked. Braun reached on infield single to pitcher, Kendall to third, Hardy to second. Fielder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Ramirez doubled to right. Dye grounded out to third. Pierzynski doubled to deep right, Ramirez scored. Anderson flied out to right. Getz singled to right, Pierzynski scored, Getz thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Richard pitching for White Sox. Cameron fouled out to first. Hart struck out swinging. Hall singled to left. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hall out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. Fields struck out looking. Richard doubled to center. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Richard pitching for White Sox. Suppan singled to left. McGehee lined out to center. Hardy flied out to left. Braun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop. Dye grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez out at second. Pierzynski singled to right, Dye to second. Anderson struck out swinging. Getz lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Richard pitching for White Sox. Fielder safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Richard. Dotel pitching for White Sox. Cameron struck out swinging. Hart doubled to deep left, Fielder scored. Hall struck out swinging. Kendall intentionally walked. Suppan singled to left center, Hart scored, Kendall to second. McGehee singled to left, Kendall scored, Suppan to second. Hardy struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Beckham grounded out to third. Fields flied out to right. Thome hit for Dotel. Stetter pitching for Brewers. Thome struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Braun singled to left center. Fielder flied out to center. Cameron reached on infield single to second, Braun to second. Hart tripled to deep center, Braun and Cameron scored. Hall singled to left, Hart scored. Kendall singled to right, Hall to second. Gamel hit for Stetter. Poreda pitching for White Sox. Gamel struck out swinging. McGehee singled to center, Hall scored, Kendall to second. Hardy flied out to left. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. DiFelice pitching for Brewers. Podsednik singled to right. Ramirez struck out swinging. Dye walked, Podsednik to second. Pierzynski flied out to center, Podsednik to third. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dye out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Poreda pitching for White Sox. Braun struck out looking. Fielder struck out swinging. Cameron grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. McClung pitching for Brewers. Getz grounded out to third. Beckham struck out swinging. Fields grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 2 - Brewers 7.	White Sox bullpen implodes as Brewers rally