Cardinals - Top 1st. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Schumaker flied out to left. Rasmus flied out to center. Pujols grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Counsell walked. Hardy grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Counsell out at second. Braun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Ludwick grounded out to first. Duncan struck out looking. Molina safe at first on error by shortstop Hardy. Thurston reached on bunt single to third, Molina to second. Wellemeyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Fielder walked. Catalanotto singled to left, Fielder to second. Cameron singled to right, Fielder to third, Catalanotto to second. Gamel struck out swinging. Kendall walked, Fielder scored, Catalanotto to third, Cameron to second. Suppan struck out swinging. Counsell fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Ryan grounded out to second. Schumaker grounded out to pitcher. Rasmus walked. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Hardy flied out to right. Braun reached on infield single to catcher. Fielder struck out swinging. Catalanotto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Ludwick walked. Duncan grounded out to second, Ludwick to second. Molina doubled to deep right, Ludwick scored. Thurston intentionally walked. Wellemeyer sacrificed to third, Molina to third, Thurston to second. Ryan doubled to deep left, Molina and Thurston scored. Schumaker singled to right, Ryan scored. Rasmus flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Cameron walked. Gamel homered to right, Cameron scored. Kendall singled to deep left, Kendall to third on error by left fielder Duncan. Suppan grounded out to third. Counsell singled to right, Kendall scored. Hardy singled to left, Counsell to third. Braun grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hardy out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 5th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Pujols grounded out to pitcher. Ludwick doubled to deep left. Duncan walked. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Duncan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Fielder struck out swinging. Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher. Cameron walked. Gamel lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Thurston popped out to third. Hoffpauir hit for Miller. Hoffpauir doubled to deep left. Ryan grounded out to shortstop, Hoffpauir to third. Stetter pitching for Brewers. Schumaker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Kendall grounded out to second. Gerut hit for Stetter. Gerut grounded out to second. Counsell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Rasmus flied out to right. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Ludwick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Hardy flied out to left. Braun tripled to deep right. Fielder grounded out to first. Catalanotto walked. Cameron walked, Catalanotto to second. Gamel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Duncan flied out to left. Molina doubled to deep right. Thurston struck out swinging. Ankiel hit for McClellan. Ankiel intentionally walked. Ryan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Kendall flied out to right. McGehee hit for Coffey. McGehee fouled out to catcher. Counsell hit ground rule double to deep right. Hardy walked. Braun walked, Counsell to third, Hardy to second. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Fielder reached on infield single to shortstop, Counsell scored, Hardy to third, Braun to second. Catalanotto struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Hoffman pitching for Brewers. Schumaker doubled to left. Rasmus struck out swinging. Pujols intentionally walked. Ludwick fouled out to catcher. Duncan walked, Schumaker to third, Pujols to second. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pujols out at third, Duncan to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Brewers 5.	Fielder, Brewers edge division-leading Cards