Brewers - Top 1st. Correia pitching for Padres. Lopez grounded out to first. Counsell grounded out to second. Braun grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Gwynn flied out to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Correia pitching for Padres. Fielder grounded out to pitcher. McGehee flied out to center. Cameron struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Kouzmanoff walked. Headley flied out to center. Venable struck out swinging. Blanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kouzmanoff out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Correia pitching for Padres. Catalanotto popped out to second. Kendall flied out to center. Villanueva walked. Lopez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Rodriguez fouled out to catcher. Correia walked. Gwynn walked, Correia to second. Cabrera singled to right, Correia to third, Gwynn to second. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Correia pitching for Padres. Counsell doubled to deep right center. Braun grounded out to second, Counsell to third. Fielder grounded out to third, Counsell scored. McGehee struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Headley popped out to shortstop. Venable flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Correia pitching for Padres. Cameron grounded out to shortstop. Catalanotto flied out to center. Kendall grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Blanco walked. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third, Blanco to second. Correia grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second, Blanco to third. Gwynn lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Iribarren hit for Villanueva. Correia pitching for Padres. Iribarren struck out swinging. Lopez walked. Counsell flied out to center. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Cabrera walked. Gonzalez doubled to deep right, Cabrera scored. Kouzmanoff grounded out to pitcher. Stetter pitching for Brewers. Headley flied out to center. Venable grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Correia pitching for Padres. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. McGehee singled to right center. Cameron walked, McGehee to second. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Catalanotto singled to center, McGehee scored, Cameron to second. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Kendall struck out swinging. Gerut hit for Stetter. Gerut hit by pitch, Cameron to third, Catalanotto to second. Lopez doubled to deep right, Cameron, Catalanotto and Gerut scored. Counsell singled to right center, Lopez scored. Braun singled to left, Counsell to second. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Blanks in right field. Fielder fouled out to right. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Gerut in right field. Blanco walked. Rodriguez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Blanco out at second. Blanks struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. McGehee struck out looking. Cameron struck out looking. Coffey struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Gwynn singled to left. Cabrera singled to right, Gwynn hit by batted ball out at second. Gonzalez walked, Cabrera to second. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third, Cabrera to third, Gonzalez to second. Headley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Kendall flied out to left. Gerut grounded out to second. Lopez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Hoffman pitching for Brewers. Salazar hit for Perdomo. Salazar popped out to first. Blanco struck out swinging. Rodriguez walked. Rodriguez to second on fielder's indifference. Blanks struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 6 - Padres 1.	Lopez key as Brewers ride big 7th inning to win