Padres - Top 1st. Looper pitching for Brewers. Cabrera flied out to left. Eckstein lined out to center. Gonzalez singled to right. Headley singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to third, Headley out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Richard pitching for Padres. Lopez grounded out to second. Cameron homered to left. Braun popped out to first. Fielder singled to left. McGehee walked, Fielder to second. Hall grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Looper pitching for Brewers. Venable homered to right. Blanks grounded out to third. Blanco homered to left. Richard struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Richard pitching for Padres. Hardy singled to center. Kendall lined out to center. Looper sacrificed to first, Hardy to second. Lopez singled to shallow center, Hardy scored, Lopez thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Looper pitching for Brewers. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Headley reached on infield single to shortstop, Gonzalez to third. Kouzmanoff hit by pitch, Headley to second. Venable grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kouzmanoff out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Richard pitching for Padres. Cameron grounded out to third. Braun struck out swinging. Fielder flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Looper pitching for Brewers. Blanks struck out swinging. Blanco grounded out to second. Richard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Richard pitching for Padres. McGehee flied out to center. Hall struck out swinging. Hardy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Looper pitching for Brewers. Cabrera flied out to right. Eckstein fouled out to left. Gonzalez singled to right. Headley singled to center, Gonzalez to third. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Headley to second. Venable struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Richard pitching for Padres. Kendall lined out to right. Looper singled to center. Lopez grounded out to, Looper tagged out at second. Cameron flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Looper pitching for Brewers. Blanks reached on infield single to shortstop. Blanco singled to left, Blanks to second. Richard grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Blanks scored on throwing error by catcher Kendall, Blanco safe at third on throwing error by catcher Kendall. Cabrera intentionally walked. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Eckstein flied out to right. Stetter pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez singled to right, Blanco and Richard scored, Cabrera to second. Headley safe at second on error by third baseman McGehee, Cabrera scored, Gonzalez to third. Kouzmanoff intentionally walked. Venable singled to center, Gonzalez and Headley scored, Kouzmanoff to second. DiFelice pitching for Brewers. Blanks struck out swinging. Blanco flied out to center. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Richard pitching for Padres. Braun lined out to center. Fielder fouled out to third. McGehee walked. Hall homered to left center, McGehee scored. Hardy struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Gwynn hit for Richard. DiFelice pitching for Brewers. Gwynn doubled to left. Cabrera singled to left, Gwynn scored. Eckstein singled to right, Cabrera to third. Gonzalez singled to right, Cabrera scored, Eckstein to second. Colome pitching for Brewers. Counsell at shortstop. Headley grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second, Eckstein to third. Eckstein scored on Colome's wild pitch. Kouzmanoff doubled to deep left center. Venable struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Burke pitching for Padres. Gwynn in center field. Kendall flied out to left. Counsell flied out to right. Iribarren hit for Lopez. Iribarren doubled to left. Gerut hit for Cameron. Gerut flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Iribarren at second base. Gerut in center field. Colome pitching for Brewers. Blanks doubled to deep left. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. Gwynn lined out to left. Cabrera singled to center, Blanks scored. Weathers pitching for Brewers. Eckstein lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Rodriguez at second base. Braun struck out swinging. Fielder flied out to center. McGehee fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Weathers pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez singled to right center. Headley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. Kouzmanoff singled to right. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Rodriguez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Webb pitching for Padres. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Catalanotto hit for Coffey. Catalanotto doubled to deep center. Kendall struck out swinging. Counsell tripled to deep right center, Catalanotto scored. Iribarren singled to center, Counsell scored. Iribarren to second on fielder's indifference. Gerut grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 13 - Brewers 6.	Gonzalez goes 6-for-6; Padres tag Brewers \n\n