Padres - Top 1st. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Gwynn walked. Eckstein grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gwynn out at second. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Eckstein to second. Headley walked. Eckstein to third on wild pitch by Villanueva. Venable singled to right, Eckstein scored, Headley to second. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Correia pitching for Padres. Lopez grounded out to second. Counsell struck out swinging. Braun grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Blanco flied out to right. Cabrera doubled to deep left center. Correia struck out swinging. Gwynn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Correia pitching for Padres. Fielder flied out to center. Cameron struck out looking. McGehee grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Eckstein singled to center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Headley flied out to center. Venable flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Correia pitching for Padres. Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop. Kendall singled to right. Villanueva sacrificed to first, Kendall to second. Lopez doubled to deep left, Kendall scored. Counsell struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Kouzmanoff singled to center. Blanco grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kouzmanoff out at second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Correia pitching for Padres. Braun flied out to center. Fielder grounded out to second. Cameron flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Correia struck out swinging. Gwynn bunt popped out to first. Eckstein flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Correia pitching for Padres. McGehee doubled to deep left. Catalanotto flied out to center, McGehee to third. Kendall singled to center, McGehee scored. Villanueva struck out bunting foul. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez doubled to deep right center. Headley flied out to right, Gonzalez to third. Venable grounded out to first. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Kouzmanoff singled to right, Gonzalez scored. Blanco grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Correia pitching for Padres. Counsell walked. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to third, Counsell out at second. Fielder singled to center, Braun to third. Cameron singled to left, Braun scored, Fielder to second. McGehee grounded out to pitcher, Fielder to third, Cameron to second. Catalanotto intentionally walked. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cameron out at third, Catalanotto to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Cabrera walked. Rodriguez hit for Correia. Rodriguez singled to right, Cabrera to second. Gwynn reached on bunt single to third, Cabrera to third, Rodriguez to second. Eckstein grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera scored, Gwynn out at second, Rodriguez to third. Stetter pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez hit ground rule double to left, Rodriguez scored, Eckstein to third. Headley intentionally walked. Venable walked, Eckstein scored, Gonzalez to third, Headley to second. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Gerut in right field. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Headley thrown out at home, Venable to second. Blanco reached on infield single to third, Venable to third, Kouzmanoff to second. Cabrera grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Gerut grounded out to second. Lopez struck out swinging. Counsell reached on infield single to second. Braun singled to left center, Counsell to second. Fielder doubled to deep left center, Counsell and Braun scored. Cameron walked. Adams pitching for Padres. Hundley catching. McGehee flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Hundley flied out to center. Gwynn flied out to center. Eckstein grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Iribarren hit for Vargas. Adams pitching for Padres. Iribarren walked. Kendall sacrificed to first, Iribarren to second. Gerut struck out swinging, Iribarren to third on passed ball. Lopez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Hoffman pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez flied out to left. Headley struck out swinging. Venable struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Bell pitching for Padres. Counsell grounded out to first. Braun grounded out to third. Fielder singled to deep right. Escobar ran for Fielder. Escobar stole second, Escobar safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hundley. Cameron fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Padres 6 - Brewers 5.	Brewers shake up roster but Padres still prevail