Brewers - Top 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Lopez struck out swinging. Catalanotto singled to center. Braun flied out to center. Fielder walked, Catalanotto to second. McGehee singled to center, Catalanotto scored, Fielder to second. Cameron grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McGehee out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Bush pitching for Brewers. Schumaker singled to center. Rasmus struck out swinging. Pujols singled to left, Schumaker to second. Holliday struck out swinging. Ankiel walked, Schumaker to third, Pujols to second. DeRosa lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Kendall struck out looking. Hardy singled to right. Bush sacrificed to third, Hardy to second. Lopez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Bush pitching for Brewers. Molina singled to right. Ryan singled to center, Molina to second. Carpenter hit by pitch, Molina to third, Ryan to second. Schumaker singled to left, Molina and Ryan scored, Carpenter to second. Rasmus singled to right, Carpenter to third, Schumaker to second. Pujols hit ground rule double to right, Carpenter and Schumaker scored, Rasmus to third. Holliday singled to left, Rasmus scored, Pujols to third. Ankiel walked, Holliday to second. DeRosa grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pujols scored, Ankiel out at second, Holliday to third. Molina fouled out to right. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Catalanotto singled to center. Braun struck out looking. Fielder grounded into fielder's choice to third, Catalanotto out at second. McGehee walked, Fielder to second. Cameron singled to left, Fielder scored, McGehee to second. Kendall lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Bush pitching for Brewers. Ryan hit by pitch. Carpenter bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ryan out at second. Schumaker singled to left, Carpenter to second. Rasmus grounded into fielder's choice to first, Schumaker out at second, Carpenter to third. Pujols flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Hardy grounded out to first. Bush grounded out to shortstop. Lopez walked. Catalanotto reached on infield single to second, Lopez to second. Braun grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Holliday doubled to deep right center. Ankiel singled to center, Holliday to third. DeRosa hit sacrifice fly to center, Holliday scored. Narveson pitching for Brewers. Ankiel stole second. Molina hit ground rule double to deep right center, Ankiel scored. Ryan struck out swinging. Carpenter struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Fielder singled to right. McGehee doubled to deep right, Fielder scored. Cameron flied out to right, McGehee to third. Kendall grounded out to third. Hardy grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Narveson pitching for Brewers. Schumaker singled to left. Rasmus flied out to center. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schumaker out at second. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Counsell hit for Narveson. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Counsell grounded out to second. Lopez struck out swinging. Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Ankiel singled to right. DeRosa flied out to right. Ankiel to second on wild pitch by Smith. Molina doubled to deep right, Ankiel scored. Ryan flied out to left. Glaus hit for Carpenter. Glaus struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Braun struck out swinging. Fielder doubled to deep center. McGehee flied out to center. Cameron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Stetter pitching for Brewers. Schumaker walked. Ludwick hit for Rasmus. Ludwick doubled to deep left, Schumaker scored. Pujols grounded out to third. Holliday intentionally walked. Ankiel lined out to right. DiFelice pitching for Brewers. DeRosa flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Ludwick in right field. Ankiel in center field. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Kendall struck out swinging. Hardy struck out looking. Gerut hit for DiFelice. Gerut walked. Gerut to second on fielder's indifference. Lopez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Molina flied out to right. Ryan walked. Greene hit for Motte. Greene grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ryan out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Molina at first base. LaRue catching. Rivera hit for Catalanotto. Rivera struck out swinging. Braun hit ground rule double to deep center. Fielder grounded out to second, Braun to third. McGehee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 3 - Cardinals 10.	Carpenter wins 10th in row \n\n