Phillies - Top 1st. Looper pitching for Brewers. Rollins grounded out to first. Victorino safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Hardy. Utley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Victorino out at second. Howard grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Lopez grounded out to second. Counsell struck out looking. Braun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Looper pitching for Brewers. Werth flied out to left. Ibanez flied out to center. Feliz singled to left. Bako homered to right, Feliz scored. Kendrick singled to center. Rollins flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Fielder grounded out to second. Gerut walked. Hart flied out to left. Hardy singled to left, Gerut to second. Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop, Gerut to third, Hardy to second. Looper struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Looper pitching for Brewers. Victorino safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez. Utley flied out to right. Howard singled to right, Victorino to third. Werth hit sacrifice fly to right, Victorino scored, Howard to second. Ibanez walked. Feliz singled to center, Howard scored, Ibanez to second. Bako reached on infield single to shortstop, Ibanez to third, Feliz to second. Kendrick struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Lopez singled to deep left, Lopez to second on error by left fielder Ibanez. Counsell singled to left, Lopez to third. Braun singled to center, Lopez scored, Counsell to second. Counsell to third, Braun to second on passed ball by Bako. Fielder hit sacrifice fly to right, Counsell scored. Gerut grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Braun to third on throwing error by pitcher Kendrick. Hart grounded into double play, second to first, Gerut out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Looper pitching for Brewers. Rollins flied out to right. Victorino popped out to third. Utley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Hardy walked. Hardy to second on balk by Kendrick. Kendall hit by pitch. Looper sacrificed to catcher, Hardy to third, Kendall to second. Lopez grounded out to first, Hardy scored, Kendall to third. Counsell struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Looper pitching for Brewers. Howard homered to right. Werth lined out to second. Ibanez grounded out to third. Feliz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Braun singled to right. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Fielder struck out swinging. Gerut fouled out to third. Hart grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Looper pitching for Brewers. Bako flied out to center. Moyer grounded out to pitcher. Rollins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Hardy struck out looking. Kendall lined out to second. Bourgeois hit for Looper. Bourgeois walked. Lopez hit ground rule double to right, Bourgeois to third. Counsell singled to center, Bourgeois and Lopez scored. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Counsell out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Victorino struck out swinging. Utley grounded out to shortstop. Howard reached on infield single to third. Howard to second on wild pitch by Villanueva. Werth grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Fielder struck out swinging. Gerut grounded out to second. Hart singled to right. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hart out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Ibanez flied out to center. Feliz flied out to right. Bako flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Moyer pitching for Phillies. Kendall flied out to right. Cameron hit for Coffey. Cameron flied out to right. Lopez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Hoffman pitching for Brewers. Stairs hit for Moyer. Stairs fouled out to catcher. Rollins struck out swinging. Victorino struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Walker pitching for Phillies. Counsell singled to deep center. Braun homered to right center, Counsell scored. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Brewers 7.	Brewers walk off vs. Phils