Brewers - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Lopez singled to center. Counsell lined out to center. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lopez out at second. Braun stole second. Fielder walked. Cameron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Looper pitching for Brewers. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. Rasmus flied out to left. Pujols doubled to right. Holliday singled to left center, Pujols scored, Holliday to second advancing on throw. Ludwick reached on infield single to second, Holliday scored. Glaus lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gerut struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to center. Kendall flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Looper pitching for Brewers. Molina struck out swinging. Ryan doubled to deep left. Wainwright grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ryan out at third. Schumaker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Looper lined out to right. Lopez flied out to left. Counsell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Looper pitching for Brewers. Rasmus walked. Pujols doubled to deep right, Rasmus scored. Holliday lined out to right, Pujols to third. Ludwick doubled to left, Pujols scored. Glaus struck out looking. Molina singled to center, Ludwick scored. Ryan grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Braun struck out looking. Fielder grounded out to second. Cameron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Looper pitching for Brewers. Wainwright tripled to deep center. Schumaker popped out to third. Rasmus singled to center, Wainwright scored. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rasmus out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gerut lined out to first. Escobar grounded out to second. Kendall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Looper pitching for Brewers. Holliday grounded out to third. Ludwick grounded out to third. Glaus walked. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Looper flied out to center. Lopez struck out looking. Counsell doubled to right. Braun doubled to deep left, Counsell scored. Braun to third on passed ball by Molina. Fielder walked. Cameron struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Looper pitching for Brewers. Ryan struck out swinging. Wainwright reached on infield single to shortstop. Schumaker grounded into fielder's choice to first, Wainwright out at second. Rasmus fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gerut singled to right. Escobar singled to right, Gerut to second. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Kendall walked, Gerut to third, Escobar to second. Gamel hit for Looper. Gamel struck out swinging. Gerut scored, Escobar to third, Kendall to second on wild pitch by McClellan. Lopez singled to center, Escobar scored, Kendall to third. Counsell singled to center, Kendall scored, Lopez to second. Braun doubled to deep right, Lopez and Counsell scored. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Fielder grounded out to second, Braun to third. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Braun scored on Motte's wild pitch. Cameron flied out to right. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Pujols singled to right center. Holliday singled to left center, Pujols to third. Ludwick lined out to third. Glaus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Gerut doubled to deep center. Escobar reached on infield single to first, Gerut to third. Kendall safe at first on error by third baseman Glaus, Gerut scored, Escobar to second. Patterson hit for Coffey. Escobar to third, Kendall to second on wild pitch by Motte. Patterson struck out swinging. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Counsell singled to right, Kendall scored, Lopez to third. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Thurston at third base. Lopez scored, Counsell to second on wild pitch by Boggs. Braun grounded out to pitcher, Counsell to third. Fielder walked. Cameron hit by pitch, Fielder to second. Counsell scored, Fielder to third, Cameron to second on wild pitch by Boggs. Gerut walked. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Escobar flied out to center. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Greene hit for Molina. Greene hit by pitch. Greene hit for Ryan. Greene flied out to left. Thurston struck out looking. Lugo hit for Schumaker. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Greene out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Lugo at second base. Freese at first base. Pagnozzi catching. Greene at shortstop. Greene at third base. Thurston in left field. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Kendall flied out to left. Hardy hit for Vargas. Hardy hit ground rule double to deep center. Lopez walked. Counsell grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Hoffman pitching for Brewers. Rasmus flied out to center. Freese singled to center. Pagnozzi popped out to first. Ludwick popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 12 - Cardinals 6.	Brewers spoil Wainwright's bid for 20th win