Mets - Top 1st. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Valent singled to right. Matsui reached on bunt single to second, Valent to second. Piazza singled to right, Valent scored, Matsui to third, Piazza to second advancing on throw. Garcia struck out swinging. Phillips grounded out to third, Matsui scored. Cameron grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Baldwin pitching for Mets. Tracy flied out to center. Hammock tripled to deep right center. Gonzalez homered to right, Hammock scored. Hillenbrand flied out to center. Finley walked. Finley stole second. Bautista walked. Cintron flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Wigginton singled to right. Garcia singled to right, Wigginton to second. Baldwin bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wigginton out at third, Garcia to second. Valent grounded into fielder's choice to second, Baldwin out at second, Garcia to third, Valent to first, Garcia scored, Valent to second on throwing error by shortstop Cintron. Matsui singled to right, Valent scored. Piazza intentionally walked, Matsui to second. Garcia flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Baldwin pitching for Mets. Kata flied out to center. Daigle doubled to deep right center. Tracy tripled to deep center, Daigle scored. Hammock grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tracy out at home. Hammock caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Gonzalez batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Cameron flied out to center. Wigginton singled to right center. Garcia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Baldwin pitching for Mets. Gonzalez homered to right. Hillenbrand singled to right. Finley singled to right center, Hillenbrand to third. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Bautista hit sacrifice fly to center, Hillenbrand scored. Cintron singled to right, Finley to second. Kata singled to center, Finley scored, Cintron to third. Kata stole second, Cintron scored, Kata safe at third on throwing error by catcher Piazza. Daigle struck out swinging. Tracy homered to right, Kata scored. Hammock grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 4th. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Wheeler singled to left. Valent doubled to right, Wheeler to third. Matsui popped out to second. Piazza singled to right, Wheeler scored, Valent to third. Garcia grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Valent scored, Piazza out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Gonzalez homered to left. Hillenbrand flied out to center. Finley homered to center. Bautista walked. Bautista to second on wild pitch by Wheeler. Cintron singled to right, Bautista scored. Bottalico pitching for Mets. McEwing at shortstop. Kata struck out swinging. Daigle struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Cameron flied out to right. Wigginton singled to left. Garcia walked, Wigginton to second. McEwing doubled to left, Wigginton scored, Garcia to third. Valent intentionally walked. Bottalico grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Bottalico pitching for Mets. Tracy flied out to right. Hammock popped out to second. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 6th. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Piazza grounded out to shortstop. Garcia struck out swinging. Phillips flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Bottalico pitching for Mets. Hillenbrand singled to left. Finley flied out to left. Bautista flied out to center, Hillenbrand to second. Hillenbrand to third on wild pitch by Bottalico. Cintron flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Good pitching for Diamondbacks. Cameron popped out to shortstop. Wigginton doubled to shallow left. Garcia flied out to center. Gutierrez at second base. Moreno pitching for Mets. McEwing struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Baerga hit for Good. Moreno pitching for Mets. Kata struck out swinging. Baerga grounded out to first. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Valent singled to right. Gutierrez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Valent out at second. Piazza doubled to deep right center. Garcia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Moreno pitching for Mets. Hammock grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Phillips flied out to center. Cameron homered to right. Zeile hit for Moreno. Wigginton singled to left center. Zeile struck out swinging. McEwing flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 8 - Diamondbacks 12.	Gonzalez swats 3 HRs in D-Backs' rout of Mets