Athletics - Top 1st. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Kotsay grounded out to second. Byrnes singled to left. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Harden pitching for Athletics. Young struck out swinging. Blalock struck out looking. Soriano reached on infield single to second. Fullmer popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Dye flied out to center. Karros grounded out to pitcher. Kielty lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Harden pitching for Athletics. Perry singled to left center. Dellucci struck out swinging. Mench grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Perry out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Crosby safe at first on error by pitcher Rogers. Miller singled to left, Crosby to second. Scutaro lined out to right. Kotsay walked, Crosby to third, Miller to second. Byrnes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crosby scored, Kotsay out at second, Miller to third. Chavez popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Harden pitching for Athletics. Nix doubled to right center. Barajas struck out swinging. Young popped out to first. Blalock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Dye flied out to center. Karros lined out to third. Kielty popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Soriano singled to right. Fullmer singled to right, Soriano to third. Perry singled to right, Soriano scored, Fullmer to second. Dellucci grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Perry out at second, Fullmer to third. Mench singled to left, Fullmer scored. Nix struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Crosby struck out swinging. Miller flied out to center. Scutaro singled to left. Kotsay singled to center, Scutaro to second. Byrnes walked, Scutaro to third, Kotsay to second. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Barajas doubled to deep left. Young singled to right, Barajas to third. Blalock walked, Young to second. Soriano singled to left, Barajas and Young scored, Blalock to second. Fullmer singled to left center, Blalock scored, Soriano to third. Hammond pitching for Athletics. Perry hit sacrifice fly to left, Soriano scored. Dellucci grounded out to second, Fullmer to second. Mench flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Dye flied out to right. Karros flied out to left. Kielty lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Hammond pitching for Athletics. Nix grounded out to first. Barajas flied out to left. Young homered to center. Blalock singled to center. Soriano struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Crosby singled to center. Miller flied out to center. Scutaro flied out to left. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Kotsay popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Fullmer grounded out to first. Perry grounded out to second. Dellucci singled to center. Powell pitching for Rangers. Mench grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dellucci out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Powell pitching for Rangers. Byrnes singled to left. Chavez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Byrnes out at second. Dye singled to center. Karros walked, Dye to second. Kielty safe at first on error by left fielder Dellucci, Dye scored, Karros to second. Crosby struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Nix grounded out to first. Barajas singled to right. Young singled to right, Barajas to second. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Blalock grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. McMillon hit for Scutaro. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Miller struck out swinging. McMillon grounded out to first. Kotsay reached on infield single to second. Byrnes lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 2 - Rangers 7.	For Rogers, Rangers sing hits, beat A's