Cardinals - Top 1st. Dominguez pitching for Rangers. Womack reached on infield single to pitcher. Lankford struck out looking. Pujols grounded out to second, Womack to second. Rolen singled to right, Womack scored. Edmonds struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Young singled to left. Blalock flied out to left. Soriano reached on infield single to third, Young to second. Fullmer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Soriano out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Dominguez pitching for Rangers. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Sanders singled to center. McKay grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sanders out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Teixeira flied out to left. Dellucci flied out to center. Allen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Dominguez pitching for Rangers. Mabry walked. Womack safe at first on error by second baseman Soriano, Mabry to second. Lankford grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Womack out at second, Mabry to third. Pujols singled to center, Mabry scored. Rolen fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Nix grounded out to shortstop. Barajas struck out swinging. Young singled to left. Blalock flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Dominguez pitching for Rangers. Edmonds doubled to deep center. Renteria singled to left center, Edmonds scored. Sanders doubled to deep left, Renteria scored. McKay sacrificed to pitcher, Sanders to third. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Mabry singled to deep left center, Sanders scored, Mabry to third on error by left fielder Dellucci. Womack flied out to left. Lankford struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Soriano flied out to center. Fullmer homered to center. Teixeira safe at first on error by first baseman Mabry. Dellucci struck out swinging, Teixeira stole second. Allen grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 5th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Pujols safe at first on error by second baseman Soriano. Rolen walked, Pujols to second. Edmonds grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rolen out at second, Pujols to third. Renteria singled to right, Pujols scored, Edmonds to second. Sanders grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Renteria out at second, Edmonds to third. Sanders stole second. McKay walked. Mabry singled to center, Edmonds and Sanders scored, McKay to second. Womack struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Nix homered to right center. Barajas grounded out to shortstop. Young lined out to shortstop. Blalock grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Lankford struck out looking. Pujols flied out to right. Rolen walked. Edmonds fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Soriano safe at first on error by first baseman Mabry. Fullmer reached on infield single to third, Soriano to second. Teixeira singled to right, Soriano to third, Fullmer to second. Dellucci grounded out to second, Soriano scored, Fullmer to third, Teixeira to second. Allen grounded out to first, Fullmer scored, Teixeira to third. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Nix grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Sanders homered to right. McKay singled to right center. Mabry grounded out to first, McKay to second. Womack singled to center, McKay scored. Anderson in left field. Calero pitching for Cardinals. St Louis's Lankford ejected by Drake in the 7th. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Barajas popped out to second. Young struck out swinging. Blalock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Pujols grounded out to third. Rolen struck out swinging. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Edmonds fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Soriano homered to left. Fullmer lined out to second. Teixeira struck out swinging. Dellucci struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Sanders grounded out to shortstop. McKay singled to center. Mabry homered to right center, McKay scored. Womack grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Allen reached on infield single to third. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Nix hit by pitch, Allen to second. Barajas struck out looking. Young fouled out to first. Blalock singled to center, Allen scored, Nix to third. Nix scored, Blalock to second on wild pitch by Isringhausen. Soriano flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 12 - Rangers 7.	Mabry bigger in Texas, has 5 RBIs for Cards