Mariners - Top 1st. Drese pitching for Rangers. Winn walked. Spiezio lined into double play, to first, Winn doubled off first. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Nageotte pitching for Mariners. Young singled to left. Blalock struck out swinging. Soriano singled to left, Young to second. Fullmer walked, Young to third, Soriano to second. Teixeira singled to center, Young and Soriano scored, Fullmer to second. Dellucci grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Teixeira out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Drese pitching for Rangers. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Boone grounded out to third. Olerud flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Nageotte pitching for Mariners. Matthews Jr struck out looking. Barajas homered to left. Conti grounded out to first. Young flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Drese pitching for Rangers. Bocachica struck out swinging. Borders grounded out to shortstop. Santiago popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Nageotte pitching for Mariners. Blalock grounded out to second. Soriano lined out to right. Fullmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Drese pitching for Rangers. Winn struck out looking. Spiezio flied out to right. Suzuki singled to center. Martinez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Nageotte pitching for Mariners. Teixeira grounded out to second. Dellucci singled to center. Matthews Jr reached on infield single to second, Dellucci to second. Barajas grounded into double play, second to first, Matthews Jr out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Drese pitching for Rangers. Boone grounded out to third. Olerud popped out to shortstop. Bocachica grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Nageotte pitching for Mariners. Conti grounded out to first. Young walked. Blalock struck out looking. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Drese pitching for Rangers. Borders doubled to left. Santiago walked. Winn grounded into fielder's choice to third, Santiago out at second, Borders to third. Spiezio grounded out to second, Borders scored, Winn to second. Suzuki safe at first on error by second baseman Soriano, Winn to third. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Nageotte pitching for Mariners. Fullmer walked. Teixeira singled to right, Fullmer to second. Dellucci doubled to right, Fullmer scored, Teixeira to third. Putz pitching for Mariners. Matthews Jr walked. Barajas hit sacrifice fly to center, Teixeira scored. Conti singled to left, Dellucci to third, Matthews Jr to second. Young tripled to right, Dellucci, Matthews Jr and Conti scored. Blalock singled to center, Young scored. Soriano grounded into double play, third to second to first, Blalock out at second. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Drese pitching for Rangers. Boone struck out looking. Olerud homered to right. Bocachica singled to center. Borders safe at first on error by second baseman Soriano, Bocachica to second. Santiago grounded into fielder's choice to first, Borders out at second, Bocachica to third. Winn fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Fullmer doubled to left. Teixeira grounded out to second, Fullmer to third. Dellucci grounded out to second. Matthews Jr singled to center, Fullmer scored. Barajas popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Drese pitching for Rangers. Spiezio grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki grounded out to third. Winn in center field. Bloomquist in left field. Bocachica in right field. Villone pitching for Mariners. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Villone pitching for Mariners. Conti struck out swinging. Young flied out to center. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Blalock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Boone singled to right. Hansen hit for Bocachica. Olerud popped out to shortstop. Hansen grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Boone out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 2 - Rangers 10.	First gear: Rangers sink M's