Rangers - Top 1st. Nageotte pitching for Mariners. Young grounded out to second. Blalock walked. Blalock to second on wild pitch by Nageotte. Soriano struck out swinging. Fullmer flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Suzuki grounded out to second. Winn struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Nageotte pitching for Mariners. Teixeira singled to center. Dellucci singled to center, Teixeira to second. Matthews Jr reached on infield single to second, Teixeira to third, Dellucci to second. Barajas hit sacrifice fly to center, Teixeira scored. Conti grounded into fielder's choice to first, Matthews Jr out at second, Dellucci to third. Young popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Boone popped out to second. Aurilia lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Nageotte pitching for Mariners. Blalock hit by pitch. Soriano singled to left, Blalock to second. Fullmer grounded out to first, Blalock to third, Soriano to second. Teixeira flied out to left. Dellucci singled to center, Blalock and Soriano scored. Matthews Jr singled to center, Dellucci to second. Barajas singled to center, Dellucci scored, Matthews Jr to second. Conti singled to left, Matthews Jr scored, Barajas to second. Young grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Spiezio grounded out to shortstop. Wilson flied out to center. Bloomquist lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Nageotte pitching for Mariners. Blalock grounded out to second. Soriano popped out to third. Fullmer singled to center. Villone pitching for Mariners. Teixeira walked, Fullmer to second. Dellucci struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Suzuki singled to center. Winn homered to left, Suzuki scored. Cabrera fouled out to first. Martinez flied out to center. Boone singled to left. Aurilia doubled to left, Boone scored. Spiezio struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Villone pitching for Mariners. Matthews Jr flied out to left. Barajas flied out to left. Conti struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Wilson lined out to shortstop. Bloomquist singled to left. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher, Bloomquist to second. Winn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Villone pitching for Mariners. Young flied out to right. Blalock doubled to deep center. Soriano walked. Fullmer reached on infield single to first, Blalock to third, Soriano to second. Mench hit for Dellucci. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Teixeira struck out swinging. Mench in left field. Mench grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Cabrera singled to center. Martinez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. Boone struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Matthews Jr flied out to left. Barajas grounded out to shortstop. Conti flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Aurilia struck out swinging. Spiezio popped out to shortstop. Olerud hit for Bloomquist. Wilson walked. Olerud at first base. Olerud flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Young singled to center. Blalock homered to center, Young scored. Soriano flied out to center. Fullmer flied out to center. Teixeira homered to right. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Mench struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Winn grounded out to shortstop. Putz pitching for Mariners. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Matthews Jr doubled to deep left. Barajas hit ground rule double to deep left, Matthews Jr scored. Conti grounded out to first, Barajas to third. Young struck out swinging. Almanzar pitching for Rangers. Blalock grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Almanzar pitching for Rangers. Martinez singled to left. Boone singled to left center, Martinez to second. Aurilia walked, Martinez to third, Boone to second. Hansen hit for Wilson. Spiezio struck out looking. Hansen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez scored, Aurilia out at second, Boone to third. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Olerud walked, Hansen to second. Suzuki singled to center, Boone and Hansen scored, Olerud to second. Winn lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Rangers 9 - Mariners 6.	Rogers' range: 11 wins