Blue Jays - Top 1st. Drese pitching for Rangers. Johnson grounded out to second. Hinske grounded out to second. Wells singled to right. Delgado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Young popped out to second. Blalock struck out swinging. Soriano flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Drese pitching for Rangers. Zaun lined out to center. Rios grounded out to pitcher. Phelps struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Fullmer grounded out to second. Teixeira homered to center. Dellucci grounded out to second. Matthews Jr singled to shallow left. Matthews Jr stole second. Barajas fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Drese pitching for Rangers. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. Gomez grounded out to third. Johnson reached on infield single to pitcher. Hinske singled to center, Johnson to second. Wells reached on infield single to first, Johnson to third, Hinske to second, Johnson scored, Hinske to third on throwing error by first baseman Teixeira. Delgado grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Nix singled to right. Young walked, Nix to second. Blalock singled to right, Nix scored, Young to third. Soriano singled to left, Young scored, Blalock to second. Fullmer walked, Blalock to third, Soriano to second. Teixeira walked, Blalock scored, Soriano to third, Fullmer to second. Dellucci grounded into fielder's choice to second, Soriano scored, Teixeira out at second, Fullmer to third. Matthews Jr grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fullmer scored, Dellucci out at second. Barajas flied out to right. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Drese pitching for Rangers. Zaun struck out swinging. Rios singled to center. Phelps grounded out to second, Rios to second. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Nix doubled to right. Young singled to right, Nix to third, Nix thrown out at home attempting to advance on play. Blalock struck out swinging. Young stole second. Soriano popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Drese pitching for Rangers. Gomez grounded out to shortstop. Johnson grounded out to first. File pitching for Blue Jays. Hinske grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. File pitching for Blue Jays. Fullmer grounded out to second. Teixeira lined out to center. Dellucci lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Drese pitching for Rangers. Wells singled to left. Delgado flied out to left. Zaun grounded out to pitcher, Wells to second. Rios lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. File pitching for Blue Jays. Matthews Jr doubled to left. Barajas grounded out to shortstop, Matthews Jr to third. Nix homered to right, Matthews Jr scored. Young grounded out to third. Blalock doubled to deep right. Soriano singled to center, Blalock scored. Fullmer struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Drese pitching for Rangers. Phelps safe at first on error by third baseman Blalock. Hudson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Phelps out at second. Gomez doubled to left. Johnson doubled to right, Gomez scored. Johnson in center field. Berg in left field. Adams pitching for Blue Jays. Hinske grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Adams pitching for Blue Jays. Teixeira singled to center. Dellucci grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Teixeira out at second. Matthews Jr tripled to right. Barajas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Berg singled to center. Delgado flied out to right. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Zaun grounded into double play, third to second to first, Berg out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Nix singled to right. Young fouled out to first. Blalock popped out to shortstop. Soriano homered to right, Nix scored. Alexander at shortstop. Almanzar pitching for Rangers. Fullmer grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Almanzar pitching for Rangers. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Phelps popped out to second. Hudson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 2 - Rangers 11.	Drese, at home in Texas, Nixes Blue Jays