Rangers - Top 1st. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Soriano doubled to deep right, Soriano thrown out at third. Dellucci struck out looking. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Roberts grounded out to pitcher. Newhan singled to right. Mora homered to left, Newhan scored. Tejada grounded out to first. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop. Palmeiro walked, Lopez to second. Hairston Jr flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Blalock struck out looking. Teixeira grounded out to first. Nix grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Surhoff fouled out to third. Bigbie struck out looking. Roberts struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Jordan homered to left. Matthews Jr popped out to shortstop. Laird grounded out to shortstop. Soriano grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Newhan reached on bunt single to pitcher. Mora walked, Newhan to second. Tejada flied out to right, Newhan to third. Lopez hit sacrifice fly to left, Newhan scored. Palmeiro walked, Mora to second. Hairston Jr grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Palmeiro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Dellucci walked. Young lined out to right. Blalock singled to left, Dellucci to second. Teixeira flied out to left. Nix struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Surhoff struck out looking. Bigbie walked. Roberts reached first base on catcher's interference, Bigbie to second. Roberts batting. Newhan flied out to center. Mora singled to left, Bigbie scored, Roberts to second. Tejada flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Jordan grounded out to third. Matthews Jr walked. Laird grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Matthews Jr out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Lopez walked. Palmeiro singled to center, Lopez to third. Hairston Jr singled to left, Lopez scored, Palmeiro to second. Garcia pitching for Rangers. Surhoff doubled to right, Palmeiro and Hairston Jr scored. Bigbie doubled to deep left, Surhoff scored. Roberts singled to left, Bigbie to third. Newhan struck out swinging. Mora reached on infield single to second, Bigbie scored, Roberts to second. Tejada fouled out to first. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Soriano flied out to right. Dellucci walked. Young lined out to third. Blalock grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Garcia pitching for Rangers. Palmeiro walked. Hairston Jr grounded into fielder's choice to third, Palmeiro out at second. Surhoff singled to right, Hairston Jr to second. Bigbie safe at first on error by first baseman Teixeira, Hairston Jr to third, Surhoff to second. Roberts hit sacrifice fly to right, Hairston Jr scored, Surhoff to third. Newhan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Teixeira safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Palmeiro. Nix lined out to left. Jordan struck out swinging. Matthews Jr singled to left, Teixeira to second. Laird grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Garcia pitching for Rangers. Mora flied out to right. Lopez ran for Tejada. Tejada singled to left. Lopez struck out swinging. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Lopez at shortstop. Machado catching. Palmeiro popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Soriano flied out to center. Dellucci walked. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dellucci out at second. Blalock doubled to deep right, Young scored. Groom pitching for Orioles. Teixeira singled to left, Blalock scored. Nix doubled to deep left center, Teixeira to third. Jordan doubled to left, Teixeira and Nix scored. Matthews Jr flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Hairston Jr walked. Surhoff grounded out to first, Hairston Jr to second. Bigbie grounded out to second, Hairston Jr to third. Roberts walked. Newhan safe at first on error by third baseman Blalock, Hairston Jr scored, Roberts to second. Grimsley pitching for Orioles. Mora struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Grimsley pitching for Orioles. Laird flied out to right. Soriano popped out to second. Dellucci singled to left. Dellucci to second on fielder's indifference. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 5 - Orioles 11.	Sixth sense: Orioles want Mora, beat Rangers