Devil Rays - Top 1st. Crawford flied out to left. Lugo hit by pitch. Upton reached on infield single to third, Lugo to second. Huff singled to center, Lugo scored, Upton to second. Cruz singled to right, Upton scored, Huff to second. Martinez hit by pitch, Huff to third, Cruz to second. Cantu struck out swinging. Hall grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cruz out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Halama pitching for Devil Rays. Soriano grounded out to third. Young bunt grounded out to pitcher. Young popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Gathright reached on bunt single to pitcher. Gathright caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher to second to shortstop. Crawford flied out to left. Lugo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Halama pitching for Devil Rays. Teixeira singled to center. Mench walked, Teixeira to second. Jordan doubled to deep center, Teixeira and Mench scored. Perry walked. Matthews Jr singled to left, Jordan to third, Perry to second. Laird hit sacrifice fly to left, Jordan scored. Soriano popped out to second. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Upton flied out to right. Huff singled to right center. Cruz doubled to deep right center, Huff to third. Martinez grounded out to first, Huff scored, Cruz to third. Cantu grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Halama pitching for Devil Rays. Young flied out to right. Teixeira walked. Mench lined out to third. Jordan safe at first on error by shortstop Upton, Teixeira to second. Perry grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Hall singled to left. Gathright grounded into double play, second to first, Hall out at second. Crawford flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Halama pitching for Devil Rays. Matthews Jr homered to center. Laird struck out looking. Soriano flied out to center. Young singled to center. Young tripled to deep right center, Young scored. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Teixeira struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Lugo safe at first on error by third baseman Perry. Upton singled to right, Lugo to third. Huff hit sacrifice fly to center, Lugo scored. Cruz sacrificed to pitcher, Upton to second. Martinez intentionally walked. Cantu singled to center, Upton scored, Martinez to second. Hall grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Nunez pitching for Devil Rays. Mench homered to left. Blalock hit for Perry. Jordan struck out swinging. Blalock struck out looking. Blalock at third base. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Gathright grounded out to pitcher. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Crawford grounded out to second. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Lugo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Laird grounded out to shortstop. Soriano lined out to shortstop. Young lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Upton struck out looking. Huff grounded out to first. Cruz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Young grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira doubled to deep right center. Mench grounded out to third. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Jordan walked. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Blalock walked, Teixeira to third, Jordan to second. Matthews Jr lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Rolls ran for Martinez. Almanzar pitching for Rangers. Martinez walked. Cantu popped out to second. Rolls at first base. Hall grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rolls out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Laird struck out swinging. Soriano flied out to left. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Young popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Gathright singled to left. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gathright out at second. Lugo flied out to center. Crawford caught stealing second, catcher to second. Upton batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 5 - Rangers 6.	Rangers find plenty of relief against D-Rays