Athletics - Top 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Kotsay grounded out to second. Kendall walked. Chavez singled to center, Kendall to second. Hatteberg popped out to shortstop. Kielty grounded into fielder's choice to second, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Athletics. Damon singled to left. Nixon walked, Damon to second. Payton ran for Ramirez. Ramirez hit by pitch, Damon to third, Nixon to second. Ortiz grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Damon scored, Payton out at second, Nixon to third. Millar walked. Payton in left field. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Durazo flied out to center. Byrnes grounded out to first. Ellis singled to left. Scutaro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Mueller walked. Mirabelli grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Mueller out at second. Bellhorn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Kotsay reached on bunt single to pitcher. Kotsay caught stealing second, catcher to second. Kendall flied out to center. Chavez walked. Hatteberg singled to right, Chavez to third. Kielty doubled to left, Chavez and Hatteberg scored. Durazo flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Damon grounded out to first. Nixon grounded out to first. Payton lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Byrnes fouled out to pitcher. Ellis walked. Ellis to second on wild pitch by Wakefield. Scutaro flied out to left. Kotsay flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Ortiz singled to right. Millar singled to left, Ortiz to second. Renteria singled to left, Ortiz to third, Millar to second. Mueller safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Hatteberg, Ortiz scored, Millar advanced to third on play, Renteria advanced to second on play, Millar scored, Renteria to third,. Mirabelli struck out swinging. Bellhorn struck out swinging. Renteria scored, Mueller to third on wild pitch by Haren. Damon walked. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Nixon doubled to deep center, Mueller and Damon scored. Payton popped out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Kendall lined out to third. Chavez struck out swinging. Hatteberg walked. Kielty flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Ortiz grounded out to first. Millar flied out to center. Renteria struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Durazo grounded out to first. Byrnes walked. Ellis singled to center, Byrnes to third. Scutaro doubled to left center, Byrnes scored, Ellis to third. Kotsay popped out to shortstop. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Mueller singled to left. Mirabelli singled to center, Mueller to second. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Bellhorn struck out looking. Damon fouled out to catcher. Myers pitching for Red Sox. Nixon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Chavez struck out swinging. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Hatteberg grounded out to second. Yabu pitching for Athletics. Kielty flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Yabu pitching for Athletics. Payton singled to center. Ortiz walked, Payton to second. Millar homered to left, Payton and Ortiz scored. Renteria flied out to center. Mueller grounded out to second. Mirabelli safe at first on error by shortstop Scutaro. Bellhorn doubled to left, Mirabelli to third. Damon singled to right, Mirabelli and Bellhorn scored. Nixon homered to right, Damon scored. Meredith pitching for Red Sox. Payton grounded out to shortstop. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 8th. Meredith pitching for Red Sox. Durazo lined out to second. Byrnes walked. Clark hit for Scutaro. Ellis grounded out to second, Byrnes to second. Clark walked. Byrnes to third, Clark to second on wild pitch by Meredith. Melhuse hit for Kendall. Kotsay reached on infield single to shortstop, Byrnes scored, Clark to third. Melhuse singled to right, Clark scored, Kotsay to second. Thomas in center field. Melhuse catching. Ellis at shortstop. Clark at second base. Cruz pitching for Athletics. Chavez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Cruz pitching for Athletics. Ortiz walked. Millar flied out to center. Renteria struck out swinging. Youkilis at third base. Halama pitching for Red Sox. Mueller struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Halama pitching for Red Sox. Hatteberg grounded out to second. Kielty flied out to center. Durazo singled to center. Byrnes hit ground rule double to right, Durazo to third. Ellis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 5 - Red Sox 13.	Nixon, Millar power Red Sox's rout of A's