Red Sox - Top 1st. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Damon doubled to deep center. Renteria sacrificed to pitcher, Damon to third. Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to left, Damon scored. Ramirez singled to left. Nixon grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Jeter struck out looking. Womack struck out swinging. Sheffield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Varitek singled to center. Olerud singled to right, Varitek to second. Mueller struck out looking. Bellhorn grounded into fielder's choice to second, Olerud out at second, Varitek to third. Damon singled to right, Varitek scored, Bellhorn to third. Renteria reached on infield single to shortstop, Bellhorn scored, Damon to second. Ortiz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Matsui flied out to center. Rodriguez doubled to deep center. Martinez grounded out to first, Rodriguez to third. Giambi walked. Flaherty flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Ramirez singled to right center. Nixon flied out to right. Varitek singled to right, Ramirez to second. Olerud grounded out to pitcher, Ramirez to third, Varitek to second. Mueller grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Cano struck out swinging. Jeter hit by pitch. Womack grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jeter out at second. Womack stole second. Sheffield walked. Matsui struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Pavano pitching for Yankees. Bellhorn flied out to center. Damon grounded out to second. Renteria singled to center. Ortiz walked, Renteria to second. Ramirez singled to left, Renteria scored, Ortiz to second. Stanton pitching for Yankees. Nixon singled to center, Ortiz scored, Ramirez to second. Varitek struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Rodriguez singled to center. Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Clement. Martinez walked. Giambi grounded into fielder's choice to first, Martinez out at second, Rodriguez to third. Flaherty struck out swinging. Cano flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Stanton pitching for Yankees. Olerud grounded out to second. Mueller singled to deep right. Bellhorn singled to left center, Mueller to second. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Damon singled to right, Mueller to third, Bellhorn to second. Renteria homered to right, Mueller, Bellhorn and Damon scored. Ortiz walked. Ramirez singled to right, Ortiz to second. Nixon homered to center, Ortiz and Ramirez scored. Varitek fouled out to third. Sanchez hit for Jeter. Olerud flied out to left. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Sanchez grounded out to pitcher. Sierra hit for Sheffield. Womack singled to right. Williams hit for Matsui. Sierra flied out to left. Williams singled to center, Womack to third. Rodriguez walked, Williams to second. Sanchez at shortstop. Sierra in right field. Williams in center field. Johnson at third base. Martinez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Mueller singled to left center. Youkilis ran for Mueller. Bellhorn struck out looking. Vazquez hit for Renteria. Damon flied out to center. Vazquez at shortstop. Payton in left field. Youkilis at third base. Vazquez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Giambi singled to center. Flaherty struck out swinging. Cano grounded out to second, Giambi to second. Sanchez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Ortiz singled to right. Payton homered to center, Ortiz scored. Nixon grounded out to second. Varitek grounded out to second. Olerud singled to center. Shoppach catching. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Youkilis grounded out to catcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Womack singled to right. Sierra grounded out to first, Womack to second. Williams singled to center, Womack scored. Williams to second on fielder's indifference. Johnson singled to right center, Williams to third. Martinez flied out to center. Groom pitching for Yankees. Giambi struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Groom pitching for Yankees. Bellhorn flied out to left. Damon singled to left center. Vazquez singled to center, Damon to second. Ortiz singled to right, Damon to third, Vazquez to second. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Damon scored, Ortiz out at second, Vazquez to third. Nixon singled to center, Vazquez scored, Payton to second. Shoppach hit by pitch, Payton to third, Nixon to second. Olerud singled to right, Payton scored, Nixon to third, Shoppach to second. Myers pitching for Red Sox. Youkilis flied out to center. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Flaherty grounded out to third. Cano flied out to center. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Groom pitching for Yankees. Bellhorn singled to center. Damon flied out to left. Vazquez lined out to third. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Ortiz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Womack popped out to third. Sierra grounded out to second. Williams flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 17 - Yankees 1.	Sox light up Yankees, scoreboard in 17-1 win