Pirates - Top 1st. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Lawton flied out to center. Sanchez grounded out to second. Bay reached on infield single to shortstop. Ward doubled to left center, Bay to third. Doumit doubled to deep center, Bay and Ward scored. Mackowiak walked. Doumit stole home, Mackowiak stole second. Castillo walked. Cota popped out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Damon flied out to center. Renteria struck out swinging. Ortiz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Lawton hit by pitch. Sanchez flied out to left. Bay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Ramirez singled to center. Nixon grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ramirez out at second. Millar flied out to left. Varitek singled to right center, Nixon to third. Mueller doubled to left, Nixon scored, Varitek to third. Bellhorn homered to right, Varitek and Mueller scored. Damon flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Ward grounded out to first. Doumit struck out looking. Mackowiak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz singled to right center. Ramirez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ortiz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Castillo walked. Cota grounded out to second, Castillo to second. Wilson grounded out to third, Castillo to third. Lawton walked. Sanchez singled to center, Castillo scored, Lawton to third. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sanchez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Nixon singled to center. Millar grounded out to shortstop, Nixon to second. Varitek struck out looking. Mueller tripled to deep right, Nixon scored. Bellhorn flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Ward struck out swinging. Doumit grounded out to second. Mackowiak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Damon fouled out to first. Renteria fouled out to first. Ortiz reached on infield single to second. Ramirez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Castillo flied out to center. Cota flied out to right. Wilson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Nixon grounded out to pitcher. Millar grounded out to third. Mantei pitching for Red Sox. Varitek struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Mantei pitching for Red Sox. Lawton singled to center. Sanchez popped out to second. Myers pitching for Red Sox. Bay doubled to left, Lawton to third. Ward grounded out to second, Lawton scored, Bay to third. Doumit hit by pitch. Mackowiak struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Mueller grounded out to second. Bellhorn grounded out to first. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Damon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Castillo grounded out to second. Cota singled to left. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cota out at second. Lawton walked, Wilson to second. Torres pitching for Pirates. Sanchez singled to left, Wilson thrown out at home, Lawton to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Renteria tripled to deep right. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Ortiz popped out to second. Payton hit for Nixon. Ramirez intentionally walked. White pitching for Pirates. Payton in right field. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Payton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Bay grounded out to shortstop. Ward struck out swinging. Doumit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. White pitching for Pirates. Millar hit ground rule double to right. Youkilis ran for Millar. Varitek sacrificed to pitcher, Youkilis to third, Varitek safe at first on error by pitcher White. Youkilis to third on error by pitcher White. Mueller intentionally walked, Varitek to second. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Bellhorn grounded into fielder's choice to first, Youkilis out at home, Varitek to third, Mueller to second. Damon singled to shallow center, Varitek scored, Mueller to third, Bellhorn to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Pirates 5 - Red Sox 6.	BoSox hand Bucs fifth straight loss in first Series rematch