Indians - Top 1st. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Sizemore walked. Blake singled to left, Sizemore to second. Hafner doubled to left, Sizemore scored, Blake to third. Martinez grounded out to second, Blake scored, Hafner to third. Broussard walked. Belliard popped out to second. Gerut grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. Damon flied out to center. Renteria flied out to center. Ortiz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Boone homered to left center. Peralta struck out swinging. Sizemore grounded out to second. Blake safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Renteria, Blake to second on throwing error by shortstop Renteria. Hafner walked. Martinez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Ramirez walked. Millar popped out to shortstop. Varitek doubled to deep left, Ramirez to third. Payton grounded out to shortstop, Ramirez scored, Varitek to third. Youkilis popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Broussard flied out to center. Belliard flied out to center. Gerut lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Bellhorn walked. Damon struck out swinging. Renteria struck out looking. Ortiz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Boone flied out to center. Peralta singled to left center. Sizemore grounded out to first, Peralta to second. Blake struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Ramirez walked. Millar singled to center, Ramirez to second. Varitek struck out looking. Payton flied out to center, Ramirez to third. Youkilis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Hafner doubled to deep right. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. Broussard singled to right, Hafner scored, Broussard to second advancing on throw. Belliard struck out swinging. Gerut flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Lee pitching for Indians. Bellhorn doubled to deep center. Damon grounded out to first, Bellhorn to third. Renteria doubled to left, Bellhorn scored. Ortiz singled to right, Renteria to third. Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to center, Renteria scored. Millar struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Boone grounded out to third. Peralta struck out swinging. Sizemore walked. Myers pitching for Red Sox. Blake doubled to deep left, Sizemore scored, Blake to third advancing on throw. Hafner struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Lee pitching for Indians. Varitek flied out to right. Payton reached on infield single to second. Youkilis doubled to left, Payton scored, Youkilis to third advancing on throw. Rhodes pitching for Indians. Bellhorn hit sacrifice fly to center, Youkilis scored. Damon singled to left center. Renteria walked, Damon to second. Miller pitching for Indians. Ortiz singled to left, Damon scored, Renteria to second. Ramirez singled to right, Renteria scored, Ortiz to second, Ortiz to third advancing on throw. Millar singled to left, Ortiz scored, Ramirez to second. Varitek struck out looking. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Martinez grounded out to third. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Broussard reached on infield single to second. Belliard singled to center, Broussard to second. Gerut grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belliard out at second, Broussard to third. Boone flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Miller pitching for Indians. Payton grounded out to first. Youkilis grounded out to shortstop. Bellhorn walked. Damon singled to right, Bellhorn to second. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Damon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Peralta singled to center. Sizemore grounded into fielder's choice to second, Peralta out at second. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Blake doubled to deep center, Sizemore to third. Hafner grounded out to second, Sizemore scored, Blake to third. Martinez singled to right, Blake scored. Broussard struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Miller pitching for Indians. Ortiz singled to right. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ortiz out at second. Vazquez ran for Millar. Millar hit by pitch. Olerud at first base. Varitek grounded into fielder's choice to second, Vazquez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Belliard struck out looking. Crisp ran for Gerut. Gerut doubled to left. Boone flied out to center. Peralta singled to right, Crisp scored, Peralta to second advancing on throw. Sizemore walked. Blake walked, Peralta to third, Sizemore to second. Hafner homered to right, Peralta, Sizemore and Blake scored. Crisp in left field. Wickman pitching for Indians. Martinez flied out to center. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Mueller hit for Youkilis. Wickman pitching for Indians. Payton lined out to center. Mueller grounded out to second. Bellhorn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 12 - Red Sox 8.	Power surge: Hafner's slam, 6 RBI rally Tribe past BoSox