Red Sox - Top 1st. Damon singled to right. Renteria grounded into double play, third to second to first, Damon out at second. Ortiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Dellucci walked. Young grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Dellucci safe at second on error by pitcher Miller. Teixeira reached on infield single to second, Dellucci to third, Young to second. Blalock singled to right, Dellucci and Young scored, Teixeira to second. Soriano singled to center, Teixeira scored, Blalock to second. Mench lined into double play, shortstop to second, Blalock doubled off second. Nix popped out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Ramirez safe at second on error by shortstop Young, Ramirez advanced to first on play, Ramirez tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. Nixon flied out to center. Millar reached on infield single to shortstop. Varitek grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Barajas walked. Matthews Jr struck out looking. Dellucci singled to right, Barajas to third. Young grounded out to pitcher, Dellucci to second. Teixeira walked. Blalock grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Mueller singled to right. Bellhorn flied out to center. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Mueller out at second. Renteria walked, Damon to second. Ortiz walked, Damon to third, Renteria to second. Ramirez walked, Damon scored, Renteria to third, Ortiz to second. Renteria scored, Ortiz to third, Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Nixon lined out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Soriano flied out to center. Mench grounded out to third. Nix flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Millar struck out swinging. Varitek popped out to shortstop. Mueller flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Barajas singled to right. Matthews Jr walked, Barajas to second. Dellucci struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. Teixeira walked, Barajas to third, Matthews Jr to second. Blalock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Bellhorn walked. Damon grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Bellhorn out at second. Renteria grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Soriano grounded out to third. Mench struck out swinging. Nix struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Ortiz doubled to deep center. Dominguez pitching for Rangers. Ramirez lined out to first. Nixon doubled to deep left, Ortiz scored. Millar grounded out to shortstop. Varitek struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Barajas flied out to right. Matthews Jr struck out looking. Dellucci struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Dominguez pitching for Rangers. Mueller flied out to center. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Bellhorn walked. Damon flied out to center. Gonzalez pitching for Red Sox. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bellhorn out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Young lined out to right. Halama pitching for Red Sox. Teixeira grounded out to second. Blalock flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Ortiz singled to left. Ramirez homered to center, Ortiz scored. Nixon singled to right center. Millar grounded out to pitcher, Nixon to second. Varitek grounded out to first, Nixon to third. Mueller walked. Olerud at first base. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Bellhorn struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Soriano singled to left. Mench grounded out to pitcher, Soriano to second. Nix flied out to center, Soriano to third. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Barajas doubled to deep center, Soriano scored. Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Damon popped out to third. Renteria flied out to center. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Ortiz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Dellucci fouled out to third. Young tripled to deep right center. Teixeira doubled to deep right, Young scored. Blalock walked. Soriano hit by pitch, Teixeira to third, Blalock to second. Mench singled to deep left, Teixeira scored, Blalock to third, Soriano to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 5 - Rangers 6.	Foulke blows save as Rangers rally past Red Sox