Red Sox - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Damon grounded out to third. Renteria singled to right. Ortiz flied out to center. Ramirez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Podsednik singled to center. Podsednik stole second. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop, Podsednik to third. Everett homered to center, Podsednik scored. Konerko struck out swinging. Pierzynski grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Varitek singled to right. Millar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Varitek out at second. Nixon reached on infield single to third, Millar to second. Mueller doubled to deep left, Millar scored, Nixon to third. Graffanino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nixon out at home. Damon grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Rowand grounded out to third. Perez singled to left. Crede popped out to shortstop. Perez stole second. Uribe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Renteria singled to center. Ortiz flied out to center. Ramirez walked, Renteria to second. Varitek grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez out at second, Renteria to third. Millar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Varitek out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Podsednik flied out to left. Iguchi struck out swinging. Everett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Nixon grounded out to first. Mueller flied out to right. Graffanino grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Konerko homered to left center. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Rowand homered to left center. Perez grounded out to pitcher. Crede popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Damon doubled to deep right center. Renteria doubled to deep center, Damon scored. Ortiz singled to left, Renteria scored. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ortiz out at second. Varitek fouled out to first. Millar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Uribe walked. Podsednik sacrificed to pitcher, Uribe to second. Iguchi popped out to second. Everett grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Nixon singled to center. Mueller flied out to left. Graffanino grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Nixon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Konerko struck out looking. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Rowand singled to center. Perez walked, Rowand to second. Crede struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Damon reached on infield single to second. Renteria walked, Damon to second. Ortiz safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Iguchi, Damon advanced to third on play, Renteria advanced to second on play, Damon scored, Renteria to third, Ortiz to second on. Ramirez intentionally walked. Politte pitching for White Sox. Varitek struck out swinging. Olerud at first base. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Millar hit sacrifice fly to right, Renteria scored, Ortiz tagged out at third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Uribe struck out swinging. Podsednik grounded out to second. Iguchi doubled to right. Everett walked. Konerko popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Marte pitching for White Sox. Nixon struck out looking. Mueller walked. Graffanino singled to right center, Mueller to second. Stern ran for Graffanino. Damon popped out to shortstop. Vizcaino pitching for White Sox. Renteria fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Cora at second base. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Pierzynski struck out looking. Rowand doubled to deep left. Perez grounded out to first, Rowand to third. Crede doubled to deep right center, Rowand scored. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Vizcaino pitching for White Sox. Ortiz grounded out to pitcher. Ramirez homered to left. Varitek doubled to deep left. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Olerud reached on infield single to third. Nixon grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Olerud out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Podsednik popped out to shortstop. Iguchi struck out swinging. Everett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 6 - White Sox 5.	Manny capitalizes on error, KOs White Sox