Devil Rays - Top 1st. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Lugo flied out to center. Crawford flied out to center. Cantu flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Damon homered to right center. Renteria grounded out to pitcher. Ortiz homered to right. Ramirez struck out swinging. Nixon grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Huff struck out swinging. Gomes hit by pitch. Lee walked, Gomes to second. Gonzalez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lee out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Varitek walked. Olerud singled to deep center, Varitek to third. Mueller grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Varitek scored, Olerud out at second. Cora flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Hall flied out to center. Gathright bunt grounded out to first. Lugo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Damon lined out to center. Renteria flied out to center. Ortiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Crawford singled to center. Cantu flied out to right, Crawford out at second. Huff flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Ramirez grounded out to third. Nixon flied out to center. Varitek struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Clement pitching for Red Sox. Gomes doubled to deep right center. Lee safe at first on error by center fielder Damon, Gomes to third. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gomes scored, Lee out at second. Hall singled to left. Gathright struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Olerud singled to deep left. Mueller doubled to deep center, Olerud to third. Cora singled to right, Olerud scored, Mueller to third. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Damon hit sacrifice fly to left, Mueller scored. Renteria doubled to deep center, Cora scored. Ortiz grounded out to second, Renteria to third. Ramirez intentionally walked. Renteria scored, Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Miller. Nixon walked. Varitek fouled out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Myers pitching for Red Sox. Lugo walked. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lugo out at second. Cantu walked, Crawford to second. Crawford stole third. Huff grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Cantu out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Olerud grounded out to first. Mueller struck out swinging. Cora singled to left. Kapler in center field. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Damon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Gomes flied out to right. Lee singled to center. Gonzalez singled to left, Lee to second. Hall hit by pitch, Lee to third, Gonzalez to second. Gathright grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lee scored, Hall out at second, Gonzalez to third. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gathright out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz homered to center. Ramirez singled to left. Nixon doubled to deep center, Ramirez to third. Varitek singled to right, Ramirez scored, Nixon to third. Olerud singled to center, Nixon scored, Varitek to second. Mueller flied out to left. Cora walked, Varitek to third, Olerud to second. Alvarez pitching for Red Sox. Kapler fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Alvarez pitching for Red Sox. Crawford struck out swinging. Cantu flied out to right. Huff singled to right. Gomes doubled to deep center, Huff to third. Lee singled to right center, Huff and Gomes scored. LaForest catching. Perez at first base. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lee out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Petagine hit for Ortiz. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Renteria grounded out to pitcher. Millar hit for Ramirez. Petagine popped out to shortstop. Millar in left field. Millar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Green hit for Gathright. Alvarez pitching for Red Sox. Perez homered to left. Green grounded out to pitcher. Lugo singled to right. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Crawford singled to center, Lugo to third. Cantu grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Lugo scored, Crawford out at second. Huff flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 6 - Red Sox 10.	Ortiz homers twice as Red Sox outlast rain, Rays