Red Sox - Top 1st. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Graffanino grounded out to shortstop. Renteria flied out to center. Ortiz walked. Ramirez homered to left, Ortiz scored. Nixon singled to right. Varitek grounded into fielder's choice to second, Nixon out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Jeter flied out to right. Williams grounded out to pitcher. Giambi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Olerud walked. Mueller flied out to center. Kapler struck out swinging. Graffanino singled to right, Olerud to second. Renteria flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Rodriguez flied out to center. Matsui flied out to center. Sierra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Ortiz grounded out to first. Ramirez grounded out to catcher. Nixon walked. Varitek grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Cano struck out swinging. Flaherty popped out to second. Lawton safe at first on error by pitcher Schilling. Jeter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 4th. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Olerud homered to right. Mueller singled to right. Rodriguez pitching for Yankees. Kapler singled to left center, Mueller to second. Graffanino singled to center, Mueller to third, Kapler to second. Leiter pitching for Yankees. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Mueller out at home, Kapler to third, Graffanino to second. Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to left, Kapler scored, Ortiz safe at first on error by left fielder Matsui. Graffanino to third, Renteria to second, Ortiz to first on error by left fielder Ma. Ramirez singled to right, Graffanino scored, Renteria to third, Ortiz to second. Nixon singled to center, Renteria and Ortiz scored, Ramirez to third. Varitek grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez scored, Nixon out at second, Varitek to second on throwing error by second baseman Cano. Olerud flied out to center. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Williams flied out to right. Giambi homered to right. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. Matsui fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Leiter pitching for Yankees. Mueller struck out looking. Kapler doubled to deep left. Graffanino lined into double play, pitcher to second, Kapler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Sierra struck out swinging. Cano walked. Flaherty lined out to third. Lawton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Leiter pitching for Yankees. Renteria singled to center. Ortiz singled to right, Renteria to second. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ortiz out at second, Renteria to third. Nixon grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Williams struck out swinging. Giambi struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Leiter pitching for Yankees. Varitek grounded out to third. Olerud struck out swinging. Mueller singled to right. Kapler popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Rodriguez flied out to center. Matsui singled to center. Sierra struck out swinging. Cano singled to center, Matsui to second. Flaherty fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Cora ran for Graffanino. Leiter pitching for Yankees. Graffanino tripled to deep right center. Renteria hit sacrifice fly to center, Cora scored. Ortiz flied out to center. Ramirez walked. Cora at second base. Nixon flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Schilling pitching for Red Sox. Lawton walked. Jeter singled to left, Lawton to second. Williams singled to right, Lawton scored, Jeter to second. Giambi flied out to right. Rodriguez flied out to center. Matsui fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Leiter pitching for Yankees. Varitek singled to left. Olerud singled to right, Varitek to second. Mueller popped out to shortstop. Kapler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Olerud out at second, Varitek to third. Kapler to second on fielder's indifference. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Cora struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Sierra popped out to shortstop. Bellhorn hit for Flaherty. Cano singled to center. Bellhorn walked, Cano to second. Lawton struck out swinging. Jeter flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 9 - Yankees 2.	Schilling sharp as Red Sox rout Yankees