Red Sox - Top 1st. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Mueller walked. Renteria lined out to second. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Lugo struck out swinging. Crawford singled to left. Crawford caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Cantu grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Millar popped out to first. Mirabelli doubled to deep left. Nixon reached on infield single to second, Mirabelli to third. Hyzdu walked, Nixon to second. Cora hit sacrifice fly to right, Mirabelli scored, Nixon to third. Mueller singled to center, Nixon scored, Hyzdu to second. Renteria singled to right, Hyzdu scored, Mueller to third. Ortiz walked, Renteria to second. Ramirez popped out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Lee homered to right center. Gomes singled to left. Munson hit by pitch, Gomes to second. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Munson out at second, Gomes to third, Gomes scored on throwing error by second baseman Cora. Hall singled to right, Gonzalez to third. Gathright grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hall out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Millar grounded out to second. Mirabelli singled to left. Nixon walked, Mirabelli to second. Hyzdu struck out swinging. Cora grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. Crawford grounded out to second. Cantu singled to right. Lee flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Mueller singled to center. Renteria struck out swinging. Ortiz lined into double play, second to first, Mueller doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Gomes grounded out to third. Munson struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Ramirez homered to left center. Millar flied out to center. Mirabelli flied out to center. Nixon grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Gathright grounded out to shortstop. Lugo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays. Hyzdu walked. Cora sacrificed to third, Hyzdu to second. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Mueller lined out to third. Renteria lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Crawford hit by pitch. Cantu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Crawford out at second. Lee flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ramirez walked. Stern ran for Millar. Millar singled to center, Ramirez to third, Millar to second advancing on throw. Mirabelli struck out swinging. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Nixon walked. Olerud at first base. Hyzdu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Gomes struck out looking. Munson walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Hall struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Cora flied out to center. Mueller singled to left. Renteria lined into double play, shortstop to first, Mueller doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Gathright singled to center. Gathright to second on wild pitch by Wakefield. Lugo hit by pitch. Crawford grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lugo out at second, Gathright to third. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Cantu singled to left, Gathright scored. Lee singled to right, Cantu to third. Gomes tripled to deep left center, Cantu and Lee scored. Munson doubled to deep left, Gomes scored. Gonzalez singled to center, Munson scored. Hollins in right field. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Hall flied out to left. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Ortiz grounded out to second. Ramirez struck out swinging. Olerud flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 4 - Devil Rays 7.	Rays' 8th-inning surge knocks Red Sox off AL East perch