Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Cashner pitching for Padres . Inciarte struck out looking . Owings struck out swinging . Goldschmidt walked . Goldschmidt stole second . Peralta lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Myers flied out to left . Solarte lined out to center . Kemp flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Cashner pitching for Padres . Trumbo singled to left . Lamb singled to shallow left , Trumbo to second . Hill struck out swinging . Gosewisch safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Solarte , Trumbo scored , Lamb to third . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Inciarte doubled to deep left , Lamb and Gosewisch scored . Owings singled to right , Inciarte scored . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop , Owings to second . Peralta flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Upton grounded out to third . Norris grounded out to first . Alonso homered to right center ( 418 feet ) . Middlebrooks struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Cashner pitching for Padres . Trumbo struck out swinging . Lamb struck out swinging . Hill grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Amarista flied out to left . Cashner singled to center . Myers reached on infield single to shortstop , Cashner out at third . Solarte doubled to deep right center , Myers scored . Kemp struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Cashner pitching for Padres . Gosewisch flied out to center . De La Rosa grounded out to third . Inciarte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Upton struck out swinging . Norris grounded out to shortstop . Alonso grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Cashner pitching for Padres . Owings struck out swinging . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Peralta singled to right . Trumbo singled to left center , Peralta to second . Peralta to third on passed ball by Norris . Lamb struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Middlebrooks walked . Amarista singled to right , Middlebrooks to second . Cashner struck out looking . Myers fouled out to first . Solarte singled to center , Middlebrooks scored , Amarista to second . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Solarte out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Cashner pitching for Padres . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Gosewisch flied out to center . De La Rosa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Upton struck out looking . Norris flied out to left . Alonso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Maurer pitching for Padres . Inciarte doubled to right center . Owings sacrificed to third , Inciarte to third . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop , Inciarte scored . Peralta singled to center . Trumbo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peralta out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Inciarte in right field . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Pollock in center field . Middlebrooks lined out to center . Amarista grounded out to third . Spangenberg hit for Maurer . Spangenberg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Kelley pitching for Padres . Lamb doubled to deep right . Hill grounded out to second , Lamb to third . Gosewisch singled to left center , Lamb scored . Pollock walked , Gosewisch to second . Inciarte tripled to deep right center , Gosewisch and Pollock scored . Owings flied out to right . Goldschmidt walked . Garcés pitching for Padres . Peralta struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks . Myers hit ground rule double to deep right . Solarte popped out to shortstop . Kemp singled to center , Myers scored . Upton singled to shallow right , Kemp thrown out at third . Norris struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Ahmed hit for Marshall . Garces pitching for Padres . Ahmed lined out to center . Lamb walked . Lamb stole second . Hill struck out swinging . Gosewisch popped out to second . Pollock batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Alonso grounded out to shortstop . Middlebrooks popped out to first . Amarista flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Padres 4 .	Inciarte 's career - high 4 RBIs help D - Backs beat Padres 8 - 4