Padres - Top 1st . Matzek pitching for Rockies . Myers walked . Norris struck out looking . Myers caught stealing second , catcher to second . Kemp flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Morrow pitching for Padres . Blackmon grounded out to second . Tulowitzki doubled to left . Gonz치lez grounded out to second , Tulowitzki to third . Morneau walked . Hundley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morneau out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Matzek pitching for Rockies . Upton struck out swinging . Middlebrooks flied out to right . Gyorko walked . Alonso grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gyorko out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Morrow pitching for Padres . LeMahieu lined out to right . Stubbs struck out looking . Matzek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Matzek pitching for Rockies . Barmes homered to left ( 409 fee ) . Morrow struck out swinging . Myers grounded out to third . Norris doubled to deep left . Kemp singled to left , Norris scored , Kemp thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Morrow pitching for Padres . Ynoa grounded out to second . Blackmon flied out to left . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Matzek pitching for Rockies . Upton grounded out to pitcher . Middlebrooks walked . Middlebrooks stole second . Gyorko walked . Alonso grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gyorko out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Morrow pitching for Padres . Gonz치lez grounded out to second . Morneau singled to left . Hundley tripled to deep right , Morneau scored . LeMahieu grounded out to second , Hundley scored . Stubbs struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Matzek pitching for Rockies . Barmes walked . Morrow walked , Barmes to second . Myers singled to right , Barmes out at home , Morrow to second . Norris grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morrow safe at third on error by third baseman Ynoa , Myers to second . Kemp grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Norris out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Morrow pitching for Padres . Matzek singled to center . Ynoa reached on infield single to second , Matzek to second . Blackmon tripled to deep right , Matzek and Ynoa scored . Tulowitzki hit sacrifice fly to right , Blackmon scored . Gonz치lez fouled out to left . Morneau grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Brown pitching for Rockies . Upton struck out swinging . Middlebrooks singled to center . Gyorko flied out to right . Alonso grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Morrow pitching for Padres . Hundley lined out to right . LeMahieu popped out to second . Stubbs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Spangenberg hit for Barmes . Brown pitching for Rockies . Spangenberg hit ground rule double to deep left center . Amarista hit for Morrow . Amarista grounded out to second , Spangenberg to third . Myers doubled to deep left , Spangenberg scored . Norris lined out to center . Kemp walked . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Descalso at second base . Upton flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Maurer pitching for Padres . Amarista at shortstop . Descalso struck out swinging . Ynoa fouled out to shortstop . Blackmon lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Middlebrooks singled to left center . Gyorko struck out swinging . Logan pitching for Rockies . Alonso hit by pitch , Middlebrooks to second . Solarte hit for Maurer . Solarte singled to right , Middlebrooks scored , Alonso to third . Amarista bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Alonso out at home , Solarte to second . Myers singled to left , Solarte scored , Amarista to second . Norris doubled to deep right center , Amarista and Myers scored . Kemp flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Benoit pitching for Padres . Solarte at second base . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Gonz치lez flied out to center . Morneau grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Upton singled to center . Cashner ran for Upton . Middlebrooks flied out to right . Venable hit for Benoit . Venable lined out to left . Alonso singled to center , Cashner to second . Solarte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alonso out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Padres . Venable in left field . Hundley homered to right ( 383 feet ) . Rosario hit for Hawkins . Rosario struck out swinging . Dickerson hit for Stubbs . Dickerson grounded out to first . Descalso popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 7 - Rockies 6 .	Norris ' 2 - run double lifts Padres over Rockies , 7 - 6