Nationals - Top 1st . Cashner pitching for Padres . Span struck out swinging . Desmond doubled to left . Escobar singled to right , Desmond scored , Escobar to second on throwing error by right fielder Kemp . Harper singled to right , Escobar to third . Zimmerman grounded out to second , Escobar scored , Harper to second . Ramos singled to center , Harper scored , Ramos to second advancing on throw . Espinosa flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 1st . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Spangenberg struck out swinging . Venable struck out swinging . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Cashner pitching for Padres . Taylor singled to right . Scherzer struck out looking . Span singled to right , Taylor to second . Taylor caught stealing third , catcher to third , Span to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Upton struck out swinging . Solarte grounded out to second . Middlebrooks struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Cashner pitching for Padres . Escobar doubled to deep right . Harper walked . Zimmerman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Harper out at second , Escobar to third . Ramos grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Amarista struck out swinging . Hedges flied out to left . Cashner grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Cashner pitching for Padres . Espinosa walked . Taylor struck out looking . Scherzer grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Espinosa safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Cashner . Span hit sacrifice fly to left , Espinosa scored . Desmond struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 4th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Spangenberg grounded out to second . Venable walked . Kemp singled to left center , Venable to third . Upton struck out swinging . Solarte walked , Kemp to second . Middlebrooks popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Cashner pitching for Padres . Escobar lined out to third . Harper reached on bunt single to third . Zimmerman grounded into double play , third to second to first , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Amarista flied out to left . Hedges struck out swinging . Cashner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Cashner pitching for Padres . Ramos struck out swinging . Espinosa doubled to deep center . Taylor grounded out to third , Espinosa to third . Scherzer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Spangenberg struck out looking . Venable doubled to deep center . Kemp flied out to center . Venable to third on wild pitch by Scherzer . Upton fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Quackenbush pitching for Padres . Span grounded out to second . Desmond singled to center . Desmond caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Escobar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Solarte doubled to deep right center . Middlebrooks flied out to right . Amarista singled to left , Solarte to third . Norris hit for Hedges . Norris struck out swinging . Almonte hit for Quackenbush . Almonte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Norris catching . Maurer pitching for Padres . Harper fouled out to third . Zimmerman grounded out to second . Ramos walked . Espinosa popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Thornton pitching for Nationals . Spangenberg walked . Venable grounded into double play , third to second to first , Spangenberg out at second . Kemp flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Padres . Taylor struck out swinging . Moore hit for Thornton . Moore struck out looking . Span doubled to left . Desmond grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Barrett pitching for Nationals . Upton walked . Solarte lined out to center . Middlebrooks struck out swinging . Upton to second on fielder 's indifference . Amarista singled to left , Upton scored . Storen pitching for Nationals . Norris struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 4 - Padres 1 .	Scherzer shuts down Padres to lead Nationals to 4 - 1 win