Padres - Top 1st . Frias pitching for Dodgers . Solarte doubled to left . Venable walked . Kemp walked , Solarte to third , Venable to second . Upton homered to center ( 410 feet ) , Solarte , Venable and Kemp scored . Norris lined out to right . Spangenberg doubled to left . Middlebrooks grounded out to shortstop , Spangenberg to third . Amarista grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Shields pitching for Padres . Pederson struck out swinging . Rollins singled to center . Kendrick grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rollins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Frias pitching for Dodgers . Shields singled to right . Solarte lined out to center . Venable singled to right , Shields to second . Kemp singled to center , Shields to third , Venable to second . Upton doubled to left , Shields and Venable scored , Kemp to third . Norris singled to center , Kemp and Upton scored . Spangenberg grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Norris out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Shields pitching for Padres . González flied out to left . Ethier struck out swinging . Guerrero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Frias pitching for Dodgers . Middlebrooks homered to left ( 416 feet ) . Amarista lined out to left . Shields grounded out to third . Solarte grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Shields pitching for Padres . Hernández grounded out to third . Barnes struck out looking . Frías grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Frias pitching for Dodgers . Venable lined out to right . Kemp singled to left center . Upton grounded out to third , Kemp to second . Norris grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Shields pitching for Padres . Pederson walked . Rollins lined out to second . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pederson out at second . González grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Frias pitching for Dodgers . Spangenberg singled to right . Middlebrooks singled to left , Spangenberg to third . Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers . Van Slyke at first base . Amarista hit sacrifice fly to right , Spangenberg scored . Shields flied out to left . Solarte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Middlebrooks out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Shields pitching for Padres . Ethier struck out swinging . Guerrero struck out swinging . Hernández grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . García pitching for Dodgers . Venable reached on infield single to shortstop . Kemp flied out to center . Upton struck out swinging . Norris reached on infield single to second , Venable to second . Spangenberg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Shields pitching for Padres . Barnes flied out to right . Van Slyke flied out to left . Pederson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Middlebrooks grounded out to shortstop . Amarista singled to center . Shields flied out to right . Solarte flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Venable in right field . Barmes at shortstop . Almonte in left field . Amarista in center field . Shields pitching for Padres . Rollins singled to center . Kendrick singled to left , Rollins to second . Uribe hit for Howell . Uribe singled to right , Rollins to third , Kendrick to second . Ethier grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rollins scored , Uribe out at second , Kendrick to third . Guerrero homered to left ( 386 feet ) , Kendrick scored . Hernández struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Nicasio pitching for Dodgers . Venable doubled to left . Almonte singled to center , Venable scored . Barmes flied out to left . Almonte to second on passed ball by Barnes . Norris struck out swinging . Spangenberg singled to left , Almonte thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Thayer pitching for Padres . Barnes singled to center . Van Slyke flied out to right . Pederson struck out swinging . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Santos pitching for Dodgers . Middlebrooks struck out swinging . Amarista grounded out to first . Gyorko hit for Thayer . Gyorko walked . Solarte singled to left , Gyorko to second . Venable reached on infield single to third , Gyorko to third , Solarte to second . Almonte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Kelley pitching for Padres . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Ellis hit for Santos . Ellis flied out to center . Ethier singled to left . Guerrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 11 - Dodgers 3 .	Justin Upton 's slam , 6 RBIs lead Shields , Pads over Dodgers