Padres - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Solarte flied out to right . Alonso singled to center . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alonso out at second . Kemp struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Shields pitching for Padres . Pollock hit ground rule double to deep left . Pollock to third on wild pitch by Shields . Lamb struck out swinging . Goldschmidt grounded out to second , Pollock scored . Peralta walked . Tomás hit by pitch , Peralta to second . Hill walked , Peralta to third , Tomás to second . Castillo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Norris struck out swinging . Venable singled to right . Spangenberg singled to right , Venable to third . Amarista bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Venable out at home , Spangenberg to third , Amarista to second . Shields grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Shields pitching for Padres . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . De La Rosa struck out looking . Pollock singled to center . Pollock to second on wild pitch by Shields . Lamb grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Solarte lined out to right . Alonso grounded out to third . Upton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Shields pitching for Padres . Goldschmidt walked . Peralta doubled to right , Goldschmidt to third . Goldschmidt out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice , Peralta to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Tomás struck out swinging . Hill doubled to right , Peralta scored . Castillo doubled to deep center , Hill scored . Ahmed singled to center , Castillo scored , Ahmed to second advancing on throw . De La Rosa grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Dorn in right field . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp struck out swinging . Norris lined out to left . Venable struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Shields pitching for Padres . Pollock walked . Lamb flied out to left , Pollock to second . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop . Peralta grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Spangenberg grounded out to catcher . Amarista grounded out to second . Shields singled to center . Solarte singled to right , Shields to second . Alonso walked , Shields to third , Solarte to second . Upton walked , Shields scored , Solarte to third , Alonso to second . Kemp struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Shields pitching for Padres . Dorn grounded out to first . Hill struck out looking . Castillo lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Norris grounded out to third . Venable popped out to third . Spangenberg walked . Amarista lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Shields pitching for Padres . Ahmed grounded out to pitcher . De La Rosa singled to center . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , De La Rosa out at second . Pollock stole second . Lamb batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Upton Jr. hit for Shields . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Upton Jr. grounded out to third . Solarte grounded out to third . Alonso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Garcés pitching for Padres . Lamb struck out looking . Goldschmidt reached first base on catcher 's interference . Goldschmidt stole second . Peralta struck out swinging . Dorn lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 8th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Upton safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed . Kemp safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Lamb , Upton to third . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Norris grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kemp out at second . Venable walked , Norris to second . Spangenberg hit sacrifice fly to left , Upton scored . Wallace hit for Amarista . Wallace grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Vincent pitching for Padres . Middlebrooks at shortstop . Hill flied out to center . Castillo lined out to center . Ahmed singled to right . Owings hit for Hudson . Owings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Middlebrooks popped out to shortstop . Solarte struck out swinging . Alonso walked . Upton doubled to right , Alonso to third . Kemp grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 2 - Diamondbacks 4 .	De La Rosa outpitches Shields as D - backs beat Padres 4 - 2