Cardinals - Top 1st . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Schumaker walked . Barton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Schumaker out at second . Pujols walked , Barton to second . Barton caught stealing third , pitcher to second to third , Pujols to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Ludwick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . McLouth grounded out to second . Sanchez struck out swinging . Bay walked . Doumit grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Glaus struck out looking . Molina grounded out to third . Miles flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Nady grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche struck out swinging . Bautista flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Pineiro struck out swinging . Ryan safe at first on error by shortstop Bixler . Schumaker grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Ryan out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Bixler singled to left . Gorzelanny sacrificed to catcher , Bixler to second . McLouth flied out to center . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Barton walked . Pujols walked , Barton to second . Ludwick flied out to center , Barton to third . Glaus struck out swinging . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Bay struck out swinging . Doumit singled to center . Nady grounded out to shortstop , Doumit to second . LaRoche doubled to deep center , Doumit scored . Bautista flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Pineiro walked . Ryan walked , Pineiro to second . Schumaker walked , Pineiro to third , Ryan to second . Barton singled to right center , Pineiro and Ryan scored , Schumaker to third . Pujols singled to left , Schumaker scored , Barton to second . Ludwick flied out to center . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Bixler grounded out to third . Gomez hit for Gorzelanny . Gomez flied out to right . McLouth struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Dumatrait pitching for Pirates . Molina hit ground rule double to deep right . Miles grounded out to shortstop , Molina to third . Pineiro struck out swinging . Ryan singled to center , Molina scored . Schumaker doubled to deep center , Ryan scored . Barton flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher . Bay singled to left . Doumit grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bay out at second . Nady grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Doumit out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Dumatrait pitching for Pirates . Pujols singled to deep right , Pujols out stretching at second . Ludwick flied out to right . Glaus singled to right . Molina doubled to deep left , Glaus to third . Miles intentionally walked . Pineiro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . LaRoche flied out to left . Bautista struck out swinging . Bixler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Osoria pitching for Pirates . Rivas at shortstop . Ryan reached on infield single to third . Schumaker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ryan out at second . Barton singled to left . Pujols hit by pitch , Barton to second . Ludwick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Villone pitching for Cardinals . Rivas struck out looking . McLouth flied out to center . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Osoria pitching for Pirates . Glaus doubled to left . Molina singled to center , Glaus to third . Miles grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Glaus scored , Molina out at second . Duncan hit for Villone . Duncan grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Bay flied out to left . Doumit walked . Nady singled to center , Doumit to second . LaRoche singled to right , Doumit to third , Nady to second , Doumit scored on throwing error by right fielder Barton . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Bautista flied out to center . Mientkiewicz hit for Osoria . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Pirates 2 .	Cardinals dump Pirates , avoid three - game skid