Phillies - Top 1st . Morris pitching for Pirates . Werth grounded out to shortstop . Dobbs fouled out to third . Utley singled to right center . Howard homered to center , Utley scored . Burrell singled to left center . Jenkins safe at second on error by right fielder Nady , Burrell scored . Coste hit by pitch . Bruntlett singled to center , Jenkins scored , Coste to second . Kendrick safe at first on error by shortstop Bixler , Coste scored , Bruntlett to second . Werth flied out to right . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . McLouth grounded out to second . Sanchez grounded out to third . Bay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Morris pitching for Pirates . Dobbs struck out looking . Utley singled to center . Howard walked , Utley to second . Burrell fouled out to first . Jenkins singled to left , Utley scored , Howard to second . Dumatrait pitching for Pirates . Coste popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . LaRoche grounded out to second . Nady struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Dumatrait pitching for Pirates . Bruntlett lined out to shortstop . Kendrick struck out looking . Werth flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Paulino popped out to second . Bixler hit by pitch . Dumatrait sacrificed to pitcher , Bixler to second . McLouth singled to center , Bixler scored . Sanchez doubled to deep right , McLouth scored . Bay grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Dumatrait pitching for Pirates . Dobbs grounded out to shortstop . Utley struck out swinging . Howard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . LaRoche grounded out to first . Nady doubled to left . Mientkiewicz flied out to center . Paulino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Dumatrait pitching for Pirates . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . Jenkins grounded out to second . Coste flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Bixler grounded out to second . Dumatrait grounded out to pitcher . McLouth flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Dumatrait pitching for Pirates . Bruntlett safe at first on error by shortstop Bixler . Kendrick struck out bunting foul . Werth doubled to deep left , Bruntlett scored . Feliz hit for Dobbs . Feliz doubled to deep right center , Werth scored . Utley walked . Howard struck out swinging . Osoria pitching for Pirates . Burrell grounded into double play , to third , Feliz out at third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Feliz at third base . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Sanchez grounded out to second . Bay grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Osoria pitching for Pirates . Jenkins singled to right . Coste grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jenkins out at second . Bruntlett grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Nady flied out to right . Mientkiewicz singled to center . Paulino reached on infield single to pitcher , Mientkiewicz to second , Mientkiewicz to third , Paulino to second on throwing error by pitcher Kendrick . Bixler grounded out to second , Mientkiewicz scored , Paulino to third . Bautista hit for Osoria . Bautista grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 8th . Meek pitching for Pirates . Kendrick walked . Kendrick to second on wild pitch by Meek . Werth walked . Feliz lined into double play , second to shortstop , Kendrick doubled off second . Utley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . McLouth homered to right . Sanchez singled to left . Seanez pitching for Phillies . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanchez out at second . LaRoche singled to right , Bay to third . Nady grounded into double play , third to second to first , LaRoche out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Meek pitching for Pirates . Howard flied out to right . Burrell struck out looking . Jenkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Bohn in left field . Mientkiewicz flied out to left . Paulino flied out to center . Bixler flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 8 - Pirates 4 .	Howard , Kendrick key streaking Phils past Pirates