Brewers - Top 1st . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Weeks flied out to center . Cameron singled to left . Braun flied out to right . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Bush pitching for Brewers . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . McLouth reached on infield single to first . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McLouth out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Hart walked . Hardy popped out to second . Hall singled to center , Hart to second . Hart stole third , Hall stole second . Bush grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hart out at home , Hall to third . Kendall popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Bush pitching for Brewers . Nady fouled out to right . LaRoche grounded out to second . Gomez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Weeks grounded out to third . Cameron struck out looking . Braun walked . Fielder grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Bush pitching for Brewers . Chavez flied out to center . Gorzelanny lined out to shortstop . Sanchez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Hart homered to left . Hardy grounded out to third . Hall flied out to left . Bush singled to left . Kendall singled to right , Bush to third . Weeks walked , Kendall to second . Cameron flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Bush pitching for Brewers . Mientkiewicz fouled out to catcher . McLouth singled to center . Bay homered to center , McLouth scored . Nady hit by pitch . LaRoche singled to right , Nady to second . Gomez flied out to left . Chavez singled to right , Nady scored , LaRoche to third . Gorzelanny singled to left , LaRoche scored , Chavez to second . Sanchez lined out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Braun singled to right . Fielder walked , Braun to second . Hart grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fielder out at second , Braun to third . Hardy grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Hart out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Bush pitching for Brewers . Mientkiewicz flied out to center . McLouth singled to left . McLouth stole second . Bay grounded out to third , McLouth scored on throwing error by first baseman Fielder . Nady homered to right center . LaRoche doubled to deep right . Gomez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 6th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Hall doubled to left . Kapler hit for Bush . Kapler singled to center , Hall scored . Yates pitching for Pirates . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kapler out at second . Weeks walked , Kendall to second . Cameron grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendall out at third , Weeks to second . Braun struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . DiFelice pitching for Brewers . Chavez struck out swinging . Rivas hit for Yates . Rivas grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Marte pitching for Pirates . Fielder singled to center . Hart grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to second , Fielder out at second . Hardy reached on infield single to shortstop . Hall singled to left center , Hardy to third . Dillon hit for DiFelice . Dillon singled to right , Hardy scored , Hall to second . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Jackson pitching for Brewers . Mientkiewicz grounded out to shortstop . McLouth reached on infield single to second . Bay singled to right center , McLouth to second . Nady reached on infield single to shortstop , McLouth to third , Bay to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . Gomez singled to left , McLouth and Bay scored , Nady to second . Chavez grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Weeks homered to left center . Cameron popped out to third . Braun popped out to first . Fielder singled to left . Hart safe at first on error by third baseman Mientkiewicz , Fielder to second . Hardy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Bautista hit for Grabow . Jackson pitching for Brewers . Bautista bunt grounded out to pitcher . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher . Mientkiewicz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Osoria pitching for Pirates . Bautista at third base . Hall struck out swinging . Gwynn hit for Jackson . Gwynn grounded out to first . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 4 - Pirates 8 .	Brewers strand 14 to help Pirates avoid sweep