Pirates - Top 1st . Looper pitching for Cardinals . McLouth hit by pitch . Rivas struck out swinging . Sanchez grounded into double play , third to second to first , McLouth out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Snell pitching for Pirates . Schumaker grounded out to first . Ludwick struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Bay walked . Nady flied out to center . Mientkiewicz singled to right , Bay to second . Bautista singled to shallow left , Bay scored , Mientkiewicz to third . Bautista to second on throw . Chavez flied out to right . Snell grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Snell pitching for Pirates . Glaus singled to center . Ankiel walked , Glaus to second . Molina singled to right , Glaus to third , Ankiel to second . Kennedy singled to center , Glaus scored , Ankiel to third , Molina to second . Looper singled to right , Ankiel scored , Molina to third , Kennedy to second . Izturis grounded out to first , Molina scored , Kennedy to third , Looper to second . Schumaker singled to center , Kennedy and Looper scored . Ludwick struck out swinging . Pujols struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . McLouth grounded out to second . Rivas doubled to left . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Bay lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Snell pitching for Pirates . Glaus singled to left . Ankiel fouled out to second . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Glaus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Nady fouled out to first . Mientkiewicz singled to right , Mientkiewicz to second on error by right fielder Ludwick . Bautista flied out to center . Chavez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Kennedy flied out to left . Looper singled to right center . Izturis grounded out to first , Looper to second . Looper to third on wild pitch by Snell . Schumaker doubled to right , Looper scored . Ludwick fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Snell singled to left . McLouth walked , Snell to second . Rivas grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McLouth out at second , Snell to third . Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to right , Snell scored . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rivas out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Pujols walked . Pujols to second on wild pitch by Marte . Glaus flied out to center , Pujols to third . Marte pitching for Pirates . Ankiel grounded out to third . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Nady singled to center . Mientkiewicz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Nady out at second . Bautista singled to center . Chavez singled to left , Bautista to second . LaRoche hit for Marte . LaRoche walked , Bautista to third , Chavez to second . Schumaker in center field . Ludwick in left field . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Mather in right field . McLouth hit by pitch , Bautista scored , Chavez to third , LaRoche to second . Rivas grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Kennedy bunt grounded out to pitcher . Mather singled to left . Izturis popped out to first . Mather to second on balk by Grabow . Schumaker walked . Ludwick grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez flied out to right . Bay flied out to right . Nady grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Pujols grounded out to third . Glaus homered to left . Barton hit for McClellan . Barton grounded out to shortstop . Molina flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Perez pitching for Cardinals . Mientkiewicz walked . Bautista doubled to left , Mientkiewicz scored . Chavez grounded out to second , Bautista to third . Michaels hit for Grabow . Michaels lined out to shortstop . Flores pitching for Cardinals . McLouth flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop . Mather flied out to left . Izturis singled to left . Schumaker grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Rivas grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez struck out looking . Bay singled to left . Nady doubled to deep left , Bay to third . Mientkiewicz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 4 - Cardinals 7 .	Looper 's bat , arm earn win as Cards roll Pirates