Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Duke pitching for Pirates . Burke flied out to left . Drew flied out to center . Hudson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Rivas singled to center . Wilson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rivas out at second . Bay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Reynolds doubled to deep right . Young fouled out to first . Upton walked . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Doumit lined out to left . Nady lined out to second . Michaels grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Ra Johnson struck out swinging . Burke grounded out to shortstop . Drew lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Mientkiewicz walked . Bautista safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Ra Johnson , Mientkiewicz to second . Duke sacrificed to catcher , Mientkiewicz to third , Bautista to second , Duke safe at first on error by catcher Montero . Mientkiewicz to third on error by catcher Montero . Rivas walked , Mientkiewicz scored , Bautista to third , Duke to second . Wilson flied out to left . Bay popped out to third . Doumit grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Hudson grounded out to second . Jackson struck out swinging . Reynolds homered to center . Young flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Nady struck out swinging . Michaels walked . Mientkiewicz singled to center , Michaels to third . Bautista hit sacrifice fly to right , Michaels scored . Duke singled to right , Mientkiewicz to second . Rivas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Duke out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop . Montero struck out swinging . Ra Johnson bunt popped out foul to catcher . Burke grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson walked . Wilson stole second . Bay struck out looking . Doumit fouled out to third . Nady singled to left , Wilson scored . Michaels popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Drew struck out swinging . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Jackson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Mientkiewicz walked . Bautista reached on infield single to third , Mientkiewicz to second , Mientkiewicz to third , Bautista to second on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds . Duke popped out to third . Rivas singled to left , Mientkiewicz scored , Bautista thrown out at home , Rivas to second advancing on throw . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson singled to right , Rivas scored . Bay flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Reynolds doubled to deep left . Young hit ground rule double to deep left center , Reynolds scored . Upton walked . Marte pitching for Pirates . Montero struck out swinging . Owings hit for Cruz . Owings struck out looking . Burke popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Doumit fouled out to third . Nady lined out to pitcher . Michaels flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Marte pitching for Pirates . Drew homered to right . Hudson popped out to second . Yates pitching for Pirates . Michaels in right field . McLouth in center field . Jackson walked . Reynolds flied out to left . Young singled to left , Jackson to second . Upton walked , Jackson to third , Young to second . Montero struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . Bautista flied out to right . McLouth lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Ojeda hit for Slaten . Ojeda popped out to shortstop . Romero hit for Burke . Romero flied out to right . Drew flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Pirates 5 .	Pirates exploit Big Unit as errors take toll