Nationals - Top 1st . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Guzman flied out to left . Dukes popped out to first . Milledge walked . Boone singled to center , Milledge to second . Belliard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . McLouth flied out to center . Sanchez safe at first on error by third baseman Belliard . Bay struck out swinging . Doumit homered to right , Sanchez scored . Nady popped out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Pena struck out looking . Lopez flied out to left . Nieves struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Mientkiewicz singled to center . Gomez singled to left center , Mientkiewicz to second . Wilson singled to left center , Mientkiewicz to third , Gomez to second . Gorzelanny walked , Mientkiewicz scored , Gomez to third , Wilson to second . McLouth hit sacrifice fly to right , Gomez scored , Wilson to third . Sanchez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gorzelanny out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Bergmann struck out swinging . Guzman singled to center . Dukes tripled to deep right center , Guzman scored . Milledge popped out to second . Boone flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Bay struck out swinging . Doumit lined out to third . Nady fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Belliard flied out to left . Pena flied out to right . Lopez singled to right center . Nieves doubled to deep left , Lopez to third . Bergmann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Mientkiewicz singled to deep right . Gomez flied out to right . Wilson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mientkiewicz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Guzman popped out to second . Dukes walked . Dukes stole second . Milledge grounded out to pitcher , Dukes to third . Boone struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Gorzelanny singled to center . McLouth hit ground rule double to deep right , Gorzelanny to third . Sanchez flied out to left . Bay hit sacrifice fly to right , Gorzelanny scored , McLouth to third . Doumit singled to center , McLouth scored . Sanches pitching for Nationals . Nady struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Pena doubled to deep center . Lopez lined out to left . Nieves walked . Young hit for Sanches . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Young walked , Pena to third , Nieves to second . Guzman singled to center , Pena and Nieves scored , Young to second . Dukes singled to right , Young scored , Guzman to third , Dukes out stretching at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Manning pitching for Nationals . Young at first base . Mientkiewicz walked . Gomez sacrificed to pitcher , Mientkiewicz to second . Wilson struck out swinging . Bautista hit for Burnett . Bautista intentionally walked . McLouth singled to right , Mientkiewicz to third , Bautista to second . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McLouth out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Osoria pitching for Pirates . Milledge struck out swinging . Casto hit for Rivera . Casto lined out to first . Belliard walked . Pena popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Bay grounded out to third . Doumit walked . Nady struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Osoria pitching for Pirates . Lopez grounded out to second . Langerhans hit for Nieves . Langerhans singled to right center . Young singled to center , Langerhans to third . Guzman singled to center , Langerhans scored , Young to second . Dukes struck out swinging . Yates pitching for Pirates . Harris ran for Young . Milledge struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Flores catching . Belliard at first base . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Harris at third base . Gomez doubled to left center . Wilson sacrificed to pitcher , Gomez to third . Michaels hit for Yates . Michaels doubled to left , Gomez scored . McLouth intentionally walked . Sanchez flied out to right . Bay fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Marte pitching for Pirates . Flores struck out looking . Belliard flied out to center . Pena flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Pirates 7 .	Bucs ' Doumit caps sizzling series with another HR