Blue Jays - Top 1st . Snell pitching for Pirates . Scutaro walked . Inglett reached on bunt single to third , Scutaro to second . Rios doubled to deep right , Scutaro scored , Inglett to third . Wells hit sacrifice fly to left , Inglett scored , Rios to third . Rios picked off third . Overbay grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Rivas flied out to right . Wilson singled to center . McLouth singled to center , Wilson to second , Wilson to third , McLouth to second on error by center fielder Wells . Bay grounded out to first , Wilson scored , McLouth to third . LaRoche flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Snell pitching for Pirates . Rolen grounded out to third . Zaun walked . Lind singled to right , Zaun to second . McGowan sacrificed to third , Zaun to third , Lind to second . Scutaro lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Michaels flied out to center . Bautista lined out to center . Chavez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Snell pitching for Pirates . Inglett singled to center . Rios struck out swinging . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Inglett out at second . Overbay singled to left , Wells to third . Rolen walked , Overbay to second . Zaun grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rolen out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Snell struck out swinging . Rivas struck out looking . Wilson singled to center . Wilson stole second . McLouth grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Lind homered to center . McGowan struck out swinging . Scutaro singled to center . Inglett singled to left , Scutaro to second . Scutaro to third , Inglett to second on wild pitch by Snell . Rios walked . Wells hit sacrifice fly to right , Scutaro scored , Inglett to third . Overbay flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Bay singled to left . LaRoche singled to right , Bay to second . Michaels singled to right , Bay to third , LaRoche to second . Bautista singled to right , Bay and LaRoche scored , Michaels to third . Chavez singled to right , Michaels scored , Bautista to second . Sanchez hit for Snell . Sanchez bunt popped out foul to catcher . Rivas grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Chavez out at second , Bautista to third . Wilson fouled out to catcher . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Beam pitching for Pirates . Rolen hit by pitch . Zaun grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rolen out at second . Lind walked . McGowan flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . McLouth singled to right . McLouth stole second . Bay walked . LaRoche grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bay out at second , McLouth to third . Michaels lined out to third . Bautista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Beam pitching for Pirates . Scutaro walked . Inglett sacrificed to first , Scutaro to second . Osoria pitching for Pirates . Gomez at third base . Rios singled to right , Scutaro to third . Wells grounded out to pitcher , Rios to second . Overbay doubled to deep center , Scutaro and Rios scored . Rolen homered to left , Overbay scored . Zaun flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Chavez safe at first on error by shortstop Scutaro . Gomez singled to right , Chavez to second . Chavez to third , Gomez to second on wild pitch by Frasor . Rivas grounded out to second , Chavez scored , Gomez to third . Wilson flied out to right . Carlson pitching for Blue Jays . McLouth fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Osoria pitching for Pirates . Lind flied out to left . Wilkerson hit for Carlson . Wilkerson struck out looking . Scutaro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Wilkerson in left field . Bay grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche grounded out to second . Michaels grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Yates pitching for Pirates . Inglett struck out looking . Rios lined out to right . Wells grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Morgan hit for Yates . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Morgan grounded out to pitcher . Chavez flied out to center . Gomez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Overbay grounded out to pitcher . Rolen walked . Zaun flied out to left . Eckstein hit for Downs . Eckstein walked , Rolen to second . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Ryan pitching for Blue Jays . Rivas flied out to right . Wilson popped out to shortstop . McLouth struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 8 - Pirates 5 .	Jays use two homers to make Gaston winner again