Rockies - Top 1st . Herrera pitching for Pirates . Taveras singled to center . Baker flied out to right . Taveras stole second . Holliday walked . Hawpe singled to right center , Taveras scored , Holliday to third , Hawpe to second on throwing error by right fielder Pearce . Atkins grounded out to shortstop , Holliday scored . Stewart doubled to deep center , Hawpe scored . Tulowitzki walked . Iannetta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tulowitzki out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Rusch pitching for Rockies . McLouth fouled out to catcher . Rivas doubled to left . Doumit grounded out to third . Bay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Herrera pitching for Pirates . Rusch grounded out to pitcher . Taveras grounded out to third . Baker grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Rusch pitching for Rockies . Mientkiewicz flied out to center . Pearce struck out looking . Bautista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Herrera pitching for Pirates . Holliday grounded out to pitcher . Hawpe doubled to deep left center . Atkins flied out to center , Hawpe to third . Stewart singled to left , Hawpe scored . Tulowitzki flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Rusch pitching for Rockies . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . Wilson fouled out to catcher . McLouth doubled to deep right . Rivas singled to right , McLouth scored , Rivas to second advancing on throw . Doumit fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Herrera pitching for Pirates . Iannetta flied out to center . Rusch lined out to shortstop . Taveras grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Rusch pitching for Rockies . Bay grounded out to second . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first . Pearce fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Herrera pitching for Pirates . Baker flied out to center . Holliday lined out to left . Hawpe walked . Atkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Rusch pitching for Rockies . Bautista flied out to center . Herrera singled to right . Wilson flied out to left . McLouth reached on bunt single to third , Herrera to second . Rivas tripled to deep right center , Herrera and McLouth scored . Doumit flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Herrera pitching for Pirates . Stewart walked . Tulowitzki singled to left , Stewart to second . Davis pitching for Pirates . Iannetta sacrificed to third , Stewart to third , Tulowitzki to second . Smith hit for Rusch . Smith reached on infield single to shortstop , Tulowitzki out at third . Taveras grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Stewart out at home , Smith to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Herges pitching for Rockies . Bay singled to left . Mientkiewicz doubled to deep right , Bay to third , Bay scored on error by center fielder Taveras . Pearce grounded out to shortstop , Mientkiewicz to third . Bautista walked . Gomez hit for Davis . Gomez hit sacrifice fly to left , Mientkiewicz scored . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bautista out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 7th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Baker grounded out to second . Holliday flied out to right . Hawpe singled to right . Atkins walked , Hawpe to second . Stewart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . McLouth walked . Rivas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McLouth out at second . Doumit singled to center , Rivas to third . Bay singled to left center , Rivas scored , Doumit to second . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first , Doumit to third , Bay to second . Pearce grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Bautista pitching for Pirates . Michaels in right field . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to second . Iannetta grounded into double play , third to second to first , Tulowitzki out at second . Sullivan hit for Corpas . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Barmes hit for Sullivan . Barmes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Wells pitching for Rockies . Bautista grounded out to third . Michaels grounded out to third . Wilson doubled to deep center . McLouth grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Yates pitching for Pirates . Taveras struck out looking . Baker grounded out to shortstop . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 4 - Pirates 6 .	Rivas finishes HR shy of cycle as Bucs top Rockies