Cubs - Top 1st . Snell pitching for Pirates . Soriano singled to center . Theriot walked , Soriano to second . Lee struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to center . Edmonds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Morgan struck out swinging , Morgan safe at first on wild pitch by Zambrano . Morgan stole second . McLouth walked . Doumit flied out to left . Ad LaRoche doubled to deep right center , Morgan and McLouth scored . Moss singled to right , Ad LaRoche to third . Mientkiewicz flied out to left . Sanchez singled to center , Ad LaRoche scored , Moss to second . Moss to third , Sanchez to second on passed ball by Soto . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 2nd . Snell pitching for Pirates . DeRosa struck out swinging . Fukudome walked . Soto lined out to center . Zambrano flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Snell struck out swinging . Morgan walked . McLouth popped out to pitcher . Doumit walked , Morgan to second . Ad LaRoche flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Snell pitching for Pirates . Soriano doubled to right . Theriot grounded out to first , Soriano to third . Lee grounded out to shortstop , Soriano scored . Ramirez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Moss lined out to first . Mientkiewicz fouled out to third . Sanchez safe at first on error by third baseman Ramirez . Wilson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 4th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Edmonds walked . DeRosa singled to left center , Edmonds to second . Fukudome walked , Edmonds to third , DeRosa to second . Soto doubled to deep right , Edmonds , DeRosa and Fukudome scored . Zambrano singled to left center , Soto scored . Soriano flied out to center . Theriot grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zambrano out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Rivas hit for Snell . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Rivas singled to center . Morgan bunt popped out foul to catcher . Rivas stole second . McLouth grounded out to pitcher . Doumit singled to right center , Rivas scored . Ad LaRoche struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Bautista pitching for Pirates . Lee singled to right . Ramirez struck out swinging . Lee stole second . Edmonds struck out swinging . DeRosa doubled to deep right , Lee scored . DeRosa to third on wild pitch by Bautista . Fukudome grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Moss singled to right . Mientkiewicz singled to right , Moss thrown out at third . Sanchez walked , Mientkiewicz to second . Wilson doubled to right , Mientkiewicz scored , Sanchez to third . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Michaels hit for Bautista . Michaels grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanchez scored , Wilson out at third . Morgan singled to right center , Michaels to third . Cotts pitching for Cubs . Fontenot at second base . McLouth grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Yates pitching for Pirates . Soto homered to left center . Fontenot hit by pitch . Soriano popped out to second . Theriot grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fontenot out at second . Lee flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Cotts pitching for Cubs . Doumit singled to center . Ad LaRoche safe at first on error by left fielder Soriano , Doumit to second . Moss grounded out to second , Doumit to third , Ad LaRoche to second . Mientkiewicz tripled to deep right center , Doumit and Ad LaRoche scored . Sanchez intentionally walked . Gaudin pitching for Cubs . Wilson bunt popped out foul to first . An LaRoche hit for Yates . An LaRoche struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 7th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Ramirez walked . Johnson hit for Edmonds . Johnson walked , Ramirez to second . Cedeno hit for Gaudin . Cedeno bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Ramirez out at third , Johnson to second . Fukudome flied out to right . Johnson to third , Cedeno to second on wild pitch by Grabow . Soto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Johnson in center field . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Morgan reached on bunt single to second . Morgan caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . McLouth grounded out to second . Doumit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Fontenot singled to center . Hansen pitching for Pirates . Soriano singled to right , Fontenot to third . Theriot walked , Soriano to second . Lee walked , Fontenot scored , Soriano to third , Theriot to second . Ramirez walked , Soriano scored , Theriot to third , Lee to second . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Johnson singled to right , Theriot scored , Lee to third , Ramirez to second . Blanco hit for Marshall . Blanco flied out to right . Fukudome struck out swinging . Soto doubled to deep right , Lee , Ramirez and Johnson scored . Fontenot doubled to deep right , Soto scored . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Ad LaRoche flied out to left . Moss struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Theriot struck out looking . Lee struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Sanchez doubled to right . Wilson doubled to left , Sanchez scored . Gomez hit for Capps . Gomez struck out swinging . Morgan reached on infield single to first , Wilson to third . Morgan to second on fielder 's indifference . McLouth struck out swinging . Doumit struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 14 - Pirates 9 .	Soto 's 7 RBIs rally Cubs