Pirates - Top 1st . Correia pitching for Giants . Morgan safe at first on error by second baseman Velez . Morgan caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Sanchez grounded out to first . McLouth grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 1st . Duke pitching for Pirates . Winn walked . Schierholtz grounded out to first , Winn to second . Aurilia flied out to right . Molina hit by pitch . Sandoval grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Correia pitching for Giants . Doumit doubled to deep right . Ad LaRoche doubled to deep center , Doumit scored . Moss lined out to left . An LaRoche lined out to center . Ad LaRoche to third on wild pitch by Correia . Bixler grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Rowand flied out to right . Burriss grounded out to shortstop . Velez singled to right . Correia grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Correia pitching for Giants . Duke grounded out to third . Morgan singled to right . Morgan to second on wild pitch by Correia . Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop , Morgan to third . McLouth hit sacrifice fly to left , Morgan scored . Doumit singled to right , Sanchez to second . Ad LaRoche walked , Sanchez to third , Doumit to second . Moss lined out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Winn walked . Schierholtz singled to right , Winn to second . Aurilia singled to right , Winn to third , Schierholtz to second . Molina grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Winn out at home , Schierholtz to third , Aurilia to second . Sandoval grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Correia pitching for Giants . An LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . Bixler grounded out to shortstop . Duke lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Rowand safe at second on throwing error by third baseman An LaRoche . Burriss grounded out to shortstop . Velez flied out to left , Rowand to third . Correia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 5th . Correia pitching for Giants . Morgan bunt grounded out to third . Sanchez singled to center . McLouth walked , Sanchez to second . Doumit singled to left , Sanchez to third , McLouth to second . Taschner pitching for Giants . Ad LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to center , Sanchez scored , McLouth to third . Moss grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Winn grounded out to third . Schierholtz grounded out to shortstop . Aurilia singled to left . Molina popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Taschner pitching for Giants . An LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . Bixler struck out looking . Duke singled to left center . Morgan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Duke out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Sandoval grounded out to shortstop . Rowand struck out looking . Burriss bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Taschner pitching for Giants . Sanchez grounded out to second . McLouth singled to left . McLouth stole second . Doumit singled to center , McLouth to third . Ad LaRoche struck out swinging . Moss tripled to deep center , McLouth and Doumit scored . Matos pitching for Giants . Ochoa at shortstop . An LaRoche flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Velez grounded out to third . Ochoa struck out swinging . Winn singled to right center . Schierholtz lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Matos pitching for Giants . Bixler tripled to deep right center . Duke struck out swinging . Morgan hit sacrifice fly to center , Bixler scored . Sanchez flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Aurilia grounded out to third . Molina singled to center . Sandoval grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina out at second . Rowand struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Misch pitching for Giants . McLouth singled to center . Doumit flied out to center . Ad LaRoche singled to center , McLouth to third . Moss hit sacrifice fly to center , McLouth scored . An LaRoche singled to center , Ad LaRoche to second . Bixler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . McClain hit for Misch . Duke pitching for Pirates . McClain flied out to center . Velez grounded out to third . Ochoa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 7 - Giants 0 .	Pirates unfazed by light quake in San Francisco\n