Cardinals - Top 1st . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . Phelps grounded out to shortstop . Pujols doubled to deep left . Pujols picked off second . Ludwick batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Morgan singled to center . Cruz singled to left , Morgan to second . McLouth walked , Morgan to third , Cruz to second . Ad LaRoche struck out swinging . Moss hit sacrifice fly to left , Morgan scored . An LaRoche flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Ludwick grounded out to second . Lopez grounded out to second . Stavinoha grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Chavez grounded out to third . Bixler grounded out to shortstop . Maholm grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . LaRue reached on infield single to shortstop . Pineiro sacrificed to catcher , LaRue to second . Barden grounded out to third . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Morgan bunt grounded out to pitcher . Cruz singled to left center . McLouth homered to right , Cruz scored . Ad LaRoche grounded out to second . Moss grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Phelps walked . Pujols walked , Phelps to second . Ludwick grounded out to third , Phelps to third , Pujols to second . Lopez popped out to first . Stavinoha flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . An LaRoche struck out swinging . Chavez struck out swinging . Bixler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . LaRue grounded out to shortstop . Pineiro struck out looking . Barden struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Maholm singled to left . Morgan singled to center , Maholm to second . Cruz singled to left , Maholm to third , Morgan to second . McLouth doubled to deep center , Maholm , Morgan and Cruz scored . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Ad LaRoche struck out swinging . Moss doubled to deep left center , McLouth scored . An LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . Chavez reached on infield single to shortstop , Moss to third . Bixler walked , Chavez to second . Maholm singled to left center , Moss and Chavez scored , Bixler to second . Morgan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Maholm out at second . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Ryan hit for Izturis . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Ryan grounded out to catcher . Phelps walked . Pujols grounded out to third , Phelps to second . Ludwick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Ryan at shortstop . Villone pitching for Cardinals . Barton in center field . Cruz flied out to right . McLouth tripled to deep right . Ad LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to right , McLouth scored . Moss grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Lopez flied out to right . Stavinoha grounded out to third . LaRue grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Phelps at first base . Miles in center field . Kinney pitching for Cardinals . Barton in right field . An LaRoche grounded out to pitcher . Chavez reached on infield single to third . Bixler struck out looking . Maholm grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Barton grounded out to third . Barden singled to center . Ryan grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Barden out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Johnson catching . Jimenez pitching for Cardinals . Morgan grounded out to second . Cruz flied out to right . McLouth safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Barden . Ad LaRoche doubled to right , McLouth to third . Moss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 9th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Phelps singled to left center . Miles doubled to deep right , Phelps to third . Johnson reached on infield single to third , Phelps scored . Lopez singled to center , Miles to third , Johnson to second . Sanchez pitching for Pirates . Stavinoha grounded into double play , third to second to first , Miles scored , Lopez out at second , Johnson to third . Kennedy hit for Jimenez . Kennedy flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 2 - Pirates 10 .	Bucs rout Cards behind McLouth