Blue Jays - Top 1st. Holland pitching for Rangers. Escobar flied out to center. McCoy singled to center. Bautista flied out to center. Lind singled to left, McCoy thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Kinsler flied out to right. Andrus flied out to right. Young grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Rivera walked. Encarnacion flied out to center. Snider singled to right, Rivera to third. Arencibia grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Snider out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Cruz reached on infield single to shortstop. Napoli grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cruz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Patterson reached on infield single to second. Escobar grounded out to shortstop, Patterson to second. McCoy walked. Bautista walked, Patterson to third, McCoy to second. Lind hit sacrifice fly to left, Patterson scored. Rivera singled to center, McCoy scored, Bautista to second. Encarnacion popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Reyes pitching for Blue Jays. Murphy lined out to shortstop. Torrealba safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Encarnacion. Moreland struck out swinging. Torrealba to second on wild pitch by Reyes. Kinsler walked. Andrus singled to left, Torrealba scored, Kinsler to third, Andrus to second advancing on throw. Young doubled to deep center, Kinsler and Andrus scored. Beltre hit by pitch. Cruz singled to right, Young scored, Beltre to third. Napoli doubled to deep center, Beltre and Cruz scored. Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Murphy grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Snider struck out swinging. Arencibia singled to left. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Arencibia out at second. Escobar singled to center, Patterson to third. McCoy singled to right, Patterson scored, Escobar to second. Bautista doubled to deep left, Escobar and McCoy scored. Lind grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Torrealba fouled out to catcher. Moreland grounded out to first. Kinsler walked. Kinsler stole second. Andrus grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Rivera flied out to center. Encarnacion doubled to deep left. Snider grounded out to first, Encarnacion to third. Arencibia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Young grounded out to second. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Cruz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Patterson reached on infield single to shortstop. Eppley pitching for Rangers. Patterson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Escobar grounded out to third. McCoy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Napoli grounded out to catcher. Murphy grounded out to second. Torrealba flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Eppley pitching for Rangers. Bautista grounded out to pitcher. Lind flied out to center. Rivera homered to left (388 feet). Encarnacion flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Dotel pitching for Blue Jays. Moreland homered to center (423 feet). Kinsler popped out to shortstop. Andrus popped out to second. Young walked. Beltre flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Rhodes pitching for Rangers. Cruz in right field. Murphy in left field. Borbon in center field. Snider flied out to center. Arencibia flied out to left. Patterson walked. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Patterson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Dotel pitching for Blue Jays. Cruz grounded out to catcher. Napoli struck out swinging. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Murphy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Oliver pitching for Rangers. Davis at first base. McCoy struck out swinging. Bautista fouled out to third. Lind singled to right. McDonald ran for Lind. Rivera singled to left, McDonald to third. Woodward ran for Rivera. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Rangers 7.	Moreland's HR lifts Rangers over Jays