Tigers - Top 1st. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson grounded out to third. Santiago lined out to right. Boesch struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Escobar singled to center. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Escobar out at second. Bautista doubled to deep center, Patterson scored, Bautista to third advancing on throw. Encarnacion flied out to right. Hill struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera struck out swinging. Martinez fouled out to catcher. Kelly singled to right. Kelly stole second. Peralta walked. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Rivera flied out to right. Arencibia walked. Cooper popped out to second. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Raburn flied out to center. Jackson struck out swinging. Santiago struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Escobar homered to left (388 feet). Patterson struck out swinging. Bautista singled to left center. Encarnacion popped out to second. Hill flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Boesch struck out swinging, Boesch safe at first on wild pitch by Morrow. Cabrera walked, Boesch to second. Martinez doubled to deep center, Boesch scored, Cabrera to third. Kelly singled to center, Cabrera scored, Martinez to third. Peralta lined out to shortstop. Avila walked, Kelly to second. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Raburn struck out swinging. Jackson doubled to deep center, Martinez, Kelly and Avila scored. Santiago doubled to left, Jackson scored. Boesch grounded out to first. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Rivera singled to center. Arencibia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rivera out at second. Cooper grounded out to pitcher, Arencibia to second. Molina struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera flied out to center. Martinez doubled to deep left center. Kelly grounded out to first, Martinez to third. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Escobar walked. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Escobar out at second. Patterson stole second. Bautista walked. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Hill flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Avila doubled to center. Raburn popped out to second. Jackson grounded out to second, Avila to third. Santiago lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Rivera struck out swinging. Arencibia grounded out to third. Cooper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Dotel pitching for Blue Jays. Boesch walked. Cabrera struck out swinging. Martinez homered to right (406 feet), Boesch scored. Kelly hit by pitch. Inge ran for Kelly. Peralta singled to center, Inge to second. Avila walked, Inge to third, Peralta to second. Raburn singled to left, Inge scored, Peralta to third, Avila to second. Jackson safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Encarnacion, Peralta scored, Avila to third, Raburn to second. Santiago struck out looking. Rauch pitching for Blue Jays. Boesch grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Inge at third base. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Molina walked. Escobar struck out looking. Patterson struck out swinging. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Rauch pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Martinez walked. Inge grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Boesch in left field. Wells in right field. Raburn at first base. Benoit pitching for Tigers. Encarnacion flied out to center. Hill singled to left. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hill out at second. Arencibia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop. Avila popped out to third. Raburn popped out to second. Jackson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Perry pitching for Tigers. Cooper walked. Molina walked, Cooper to second. Escobar walked, Cooper to third, Molina to second. Patterson doubled to deep center, Cooper and Molina scored, Escobar to third, Escobar thrown out at home attempting to advance on play. Bautista flied out to right, Patterson to third. Encarnacion singled to center, Patterson scored. Hill hit by pitch, Encarnacion to second. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Encarnacion to third, Hill to second on wild pitch by Valverde. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 10 - Blue Jays 5.	Scherzer wins 6th straight as Tigers roll Jays