Blue Jays - Top 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. McCoy grounded out to third. Patterson popped out to second. Bautista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Maier grounded out to first. Cabrera fouled out to third. Hosmer singled to shallow left. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Lind reached on infield single to second. Arencibia popped out to second. Hill grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lind out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Butler walked. Betemit struck out swinging. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Butler out at second. Aviles caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Treanor batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Encarnacion lined out to center. Davis fouled out to first. Nix flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Treanor hit by pitch. Escobar reached on infield single to third, Treanor to second. Maier bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Treanor out at third, Escobar to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Maier out at second, Escobar to third. Hosmer singled to right, Escobar scored, Cabrera to third, Hosmer to second on throwing error by right fielder Bautista. Francoeur singled to right, Cabrera and Hosmer scored, Francoeur to second advancing on throw. Butler singled to right, Francoeur thrown out at home. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. McCoy walked. Patterson flied out to center. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCoy out at second. Lind singled to right center, Bautista to third. Arencibia tripled to deep left, Bautista and Lind scored. Hill walked. Encarnacion flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Betemit grounded out to second. Aviles fouled out to catcher. Treanor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Davis flied out to center. Nix singled to left. McCoy walked, Nix to second. Patterson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McCoy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Escobar bunt grounded out to pitcher. Maier doubled to right center. Cabrera flied out to right. Hosmer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Bautista popped out to second. Lind singled to right. Arencibia struck out swinging. Hill flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Francoeur struck out swinging. Butler struck out swinging. Betemit doubled to deep right. Aviles flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Encarnacion singled to left. Davis struck out looking. Nix grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Encarnacion out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Treanor singled to right. Escobar sacrificed to pitcher, Treanor to second. Maier grounded out to first, Treanor to third. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Crow pitching for Royals. McCoy walked. Patterson sacrificed to pitcher, McCoy to second. Bautista walked. Lind struck out swinging. McCoy to third, Bautista to second on wild pitch by Crow. Arencibia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Hosmer bunt grounded out to pitcher. Francoeur hit by pitch. Francoeur stole second. Butler walked. Betemit grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Butler out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Getz at second base. Soria pitching for Royals. Hill flied out to center. Encarnacion singled to left. Rivera hit for Davis. Rivera singled to left center, Encarnacion to second. Nix struck out swinging. McCoy walked, Encarnacion to third, Rivera to second. Patterson popped out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 2 - Royals 3.	Francoeur lifts Royals; Hochevar stymies Jays