Orioles - Top 1st. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy homered to left (394 feet). Markakis flied out to right. Jones grounded out to third. Guerrero homered to left (351 feet). Lee flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Escobar hit ground rule double to right. Rasmus popped out to shortstop. Bautista walked. Lind safe at first on error by first baseman Lee, Escobar to third, Bautista to second. Encarnacion walked, Escobar scored, Bautista to third, Lind to second. Thames hit sacrifice fly to right, Bautista scored. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Encarnacion out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 2nd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Wieters grounded out to pitcher. Reynolds lined out to third. Reimold safe at first on error by second baseman Hill. Andino singled to center, Reimold to second. Hardy popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Snider reached on infield single to third. Arencibia flied out to right. Escobar flied out to right. Rasmus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis flied out to center. Jones flied out to left. Guerrero lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Bautista grounded out to third. Lind flied out to center. Encarnacion homered to left center (420 feet). Thames homered to right (400 feet). Hill walked. Snider singled to shallow right center, Hill to third. Arencibia doubled to left, Hill and Snider scored. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Lee flied out to center. Wieters flied out to left. Reynolds walked. Reimold struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Rasmus grounded out to shortstop. Bautista flied out to left. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Andino walked. Hardy doubled to deep left, Andino to third. Markakis grounded out to third. Jones singled to center, Andino and Hardy scored, Jones to second advancing on throw. Guerrero singled to shallow left, Jones to third. Lee lined out to third. Guerrero stole second. Wieters grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Encarnacion singled to shallow left. Thames struck out swinging. Hill reached on bunt single to pitcher, Encarnacion to second. Snider grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hill out at second, Encarnacion to third. Arencibia walked. Escobar singled to shallow left, Snider scored, Arencibia to second. Rasmus struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 6th. Walters pitching for Blue Jays. Reynolds struck out looking. Reimold walked. Andino popped into double play, first to pitcher, Reimold doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Lind struck out looking. Encarnacion doubled to right center. Thames flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Markakis lined out to second. Jones reached on infield single to third. Guerrero lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Uehara pitching for Orioles. Hill lined out to third. Snider struck out looking. Arencibia doubled to center. Escobar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Francisco pitching for Blue Jays. Lee flied out to left. Wieters flied out to left. Reynolds popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Rasmus struck out swinging. Bautista reached on infield single to third. Lind flied out to left. Encarnacion grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Rauch pitching for Blue Jays. Reimold flied out to right. Andino struck out looking. Hardy homered to left (362 feet). Markakis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 5 - Blue Jays 8.	Encarnacion, Jays keep dominating O's at home