Athletics - Top 1st. Mills pitching for Blue Jays. Sizemore flied out to right. Pennington walked. Matsui lined out to second. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Thames grounded out to first. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Mills pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson struck out swinging. DeJesus doubled to right. Suzuki struck out looking. Sweeney struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Lind flied out to center. Encarnacion flied out to right. Rasmus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Mills pitching for Blue Jays. Rosales walked. Sizemore doubled to left, Rosales to third. Pennington doubled to deep left center, Rosales and Sizemore scored. Matsui singled to center, Pennington scored. Willingham hit by pitch, Matsui to second. Jackson tripled to deep left, Matsui and Willingham scored. Jackson scored on Mills' wild pitch. DeJesus struck out looking. Suzuki fouled out to catcher. Sweeney flied out to center. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Hill flied out to right. Arencibia grounded out to third. Lawrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Rosales grounded out to second. Sizemore grounded out to third. Pennington walked. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Escobar walked. Thames struck out swinging. Bautista walked, Escobar to second. Lind grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Escobar scored on throwing error by shortstop Pennington, Bautista safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Pennington. Encarnacion reached on infield single to third, Bautista scored, Lind to second. Rasmus flied out to right. Hill struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Willingham struck out swinging. Jackson grounded out to third. DeJesus hit by pitch. Suzuki hit ground rule double to deep center, DeJesus to third. Sweeney intentionally walked. Rosales grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sweeney out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Arencibia struck out swinging. Lawrie flied out to left. Escobar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Sizemore safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Lawrie. Pennington walked, Sizemore to second. Matsui singled to right, Sizemore scored, Pennington to third, Matsui to second advancing on throw. Willingham walked. Jackson hit sacrifice fly to left, Pennington scored. DeJesus struck out looking. Suzuki walked, Matsui to third, Willingham to second. Sweeney reached on infield single to pitcher, Matsui and Willingham scored, Suzuki to third, Sweeney to second on throwing error by pitcher Perez. Rosales grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Moscoso pitching for Athletics. Thames singled to shallow right center. Bautista flied out to center. Lind hit ground rule double to right center, Thames to third. Encarnacion flied out to right. Rasmus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Sizemore flied out to right. Pennington flied out to right. Matsui singled to shallow right. Willingham popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. De Los Santos pitching for Athletics. Hill struck out swinging. Arencibia homered to center (416 feet). Lawrie walked. Escobar flied out to right. Thames flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. McDonald at shortstop. Teahen at first base. Rauch pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson struck out swinging. DeJesus walked. Suzuki flied out to right. Sweeney flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Fuentes pitching for Athletics. Bautista struck out swinging. Lind grounded out to pitcher. Teahen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Davis in right field. Francisco pitching for Blue Jays. Rosales flied out to center. Sizemore hit ground rule double to deep center. Pennington struck out swinging. Matsui singled to shallow right, Sizemore to third. Willingham walked, Matsui to second. Jackson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Rasmus flied out to center. Hill doubled to center. Arencibia flied out to center, Hill to third. Lawrie popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 10 - Blue Jays 3.	Jackson, Matsui power A's rout of Blue Jays