Blue Jays - Top 1st. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Escobar grounded out to third. Thames singled to right. Bautista walked, Thames to second. Lind grounded out to second, Thames to third, Bautista to second. Encarnacion walked. Rasmus doubled to deep right, Thames, Bautista and Encarnacion scored. Lawrie singled to center, Rasmus scored. Hill homered to left (383 feet), Lawrie scored. Arencibia flied out to center. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Mills pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki fouled out to third. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Ackley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Escobar singled to center. Thames grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. Bautista walked. Lind grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bautista out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Mills pitching for Blue Jays. Carp walked. Wells homered to left (398 feet), Carp scored. Olivo homered to left center (416 feet). Robinson lined out to pitcher. Seager walked. Ja Wilson lined out to left. Suzuki grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Encarnacion doubled to deep left center. Rasmus popped out to shortstop. Lawrie grounded out to second, Encarnacion to third. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Mills pitching for Blue Jays. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Ackley singled to left center. Carp singled to center, Ackley to second. Wells popped out to shortstop. Olivo walked, Ackley to third, Carp to second. Robinson singled to left center, Ackley and Carp scored, Olivo to second. Seager singled to left, Olivo scored, Robinson to second, Robinson to third, Seager to second on error by left fielder Thames. Ja Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Arencibia struck out swinging. Escobar lined out to center. Thames flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki grounded out to second. Gutierrez grounded out to third. Ackley walked. Carp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Bautista walked. Lind singled to right, Bautista to second. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Encarnacion walked, Bautista to third, Lind to second. Bautista scored, Lind to third, Encarnacion to second on wild pitch by Wilhelmsen. Rasmus hit sacrifice fly to center, Lind scored. Lawrie walked. Encarnacion to third, Lawrie to second on wild pitch by Wilhelmsen. Hill hit sacrifice fly to left, Encarnacion scored. Arencibia singled to left center, Lawrie scored, Arencibia to second advancing on throw. Laffey pitching for Mariners. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Wells struck out looking. Olivo struck out swinging. Robinson doubled to deep left. Seager singled to right center, Robinson scored. Ja Wilson singled to right, Seager to second. Suzuki bunt grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Bard catching. Laffey pitching for Mariners. Thames singled to right. Bautista homered to left (419 feet), Thames scored. Lind flied out to center. Encarnacion walked. Rasmus fouled out to third. Lawrie singled to right center, Encarnacion to second. Hill singled to left, Encarnacion scored, Lawrie to second. Arencibia flied out to center. 3 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. Ackley walked. Carp grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ackley out at second. Wells grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Lueke pitching for Mariners. Escobar lined out to center. Thames flied out to left. Bautista singled to left. Lind grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Bard grounded out to second. Robinson lined out to left. Seager hit by pitch. Ja Wilson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Lueke pitching for Mariners. Encarnacion flied out to right. Rasmus flied out to center. Lawrie singled to center. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lawrie out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki grounded out to second. Gutierrez struck out looking. Ackley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Lueke pitching for Mariners. Arencibia lined out to center. McDonald hit for Escobar. McDonald singled to right. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to second, McDonald out at second. McCoy hit for Bautista. Thames to second on wild pitch by Lueke. McCoy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. McDonald at shortstop. McCoy in right field. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Carp singled to deep right center. Wells struck out looking. Bard singled to right, Carp to second. Robinson struck out looking. Seager flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 13 - Mariners 7.	Bautista hits 35th homer as Jays top Mariners\n