Nationals - Top 1st . Teheran pitching for Braves . Eaton flied out to right . Rendon grounded out to third . Harper homered to center ( 403 feet ) . Murphy walked . Zimmerman flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Ross pitching for Nationals . Inciarte reached on bunt single to pitcher . Swanson struck out looking . Freeman walked , Inciarte to second . Markakis singled to left center , Inciarte scored , Freeman to third . Phillips singled to left , Freeman scored , Markakis to second . García grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Phillips out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Werth singled to left . Wieters walked , Werth to second . Difo singled to center , Werth to third , Wieters to second . Ross struck out swinging . Eaton singled to shallow left , Werth scored , Wieters to third , Difo to second . Rendon struck out looking . Harper homered to center ( 414 feet ) , Wieters , Difo and Eaton scored . Murphy grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Ross pitching for Nationals . Peterson struck out looking . Recker grounded out to third . Teherán singled to center . Inciarte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Zimmerman grounded out to third . Heisey hit for Werth . Heisey flied out to center . Wieters flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Heisey in left field . Ross pitching for Nationals . Swanson struck out looking . Freeman homered to center ( 424 feet ) . Markakis struck out swinging . Phillips popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Difo grounded out to second . Ross struck out swinging . Eaton reached on infield single to catcher . Eaton stole second . Rendon reached on infield single to first , Eaton to third . Eaton scored on Teherán 's wild pitch , Rendon to second , Rendon safe at third on throwing error by catcher Recker . Harper intentionally walked . Murphy flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 4th . Ross pitching for Nationals . García lined out to right . Peterson grounded out to first . Recker grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Bonifacio in left field . Collmenter pitching for Braves . Zimmerman singled to right center . Heisey struck out swinging . Wieters grounded out to second , Zimmerman to second . Difo intentionally walked . Ross grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Ross pitching for Nationals . Bonifacio bunt grounded out to catcher . Inciarte popped out to shortstop . Swanson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Collmenter pitching for Braves . Eaton struck out swinging . Rendon singled to center . Harper singled to left , Rendon to second . Murphy grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Ross pitching for Nationals . Freeman grounded out to shortstop . Markakis singled to center . Phillips flied out to right . García lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Collmenter pitching for Braves . Zimmerman singled to left center . Heisey flied out to right . Wieters struck out swinging . Difo doubled to right , Zimmerman to third . Ross flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Ross pitching for Nationals . Camargo struck out swinging . Recker grounded out to third . Bonifacio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Krol pitching for Braves . Eaton walked . Rendon struck out swinging . Harper doubled to deep right , Eaton to third . Murphy walked . Zimmerman homered to right center ( 398 feet ) , Eaton , Harper and Murphy scored . Heisey doubled to deep left center . Wieters singled to right , Heisey to third . Jackson pitching for Braves . Difo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Heisey scored , Wieters out at second . Ross grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Romero pitching for Nationals . d'Arnaud walked . Swanson grounded out to third , d'Arnaud to second . Freeman singled to right , d'Arnaud scored . Markakis struck out swinging . Phillips grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Jackson pitching for Braves . Eaton grounded out to first . Rendon singled to left . Taylor singled to center , Rendon to second . Murphy flied out to left . Lind singled to right , Rendon scored , Taylor to second . Heisey singled to center , Taylor scored , Lind to second . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Wieters flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Albers pitching for Nationals . García singled to right . Suzuki flied out to right . Recker grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , García out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 14 - Braves 4 .	Harper hits 2 HRs , drives in 5 , as Nats slam Braves 14 - 4