Braves - Top 1st . Urena pitching for Marlins . Inciarte flied out to left . Phillips grounded out to second . Freeman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Dietrich flied out to left . Realmuto lined out to third . Yelich reached on infield single to second . Ozuna fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Urena pitching for Marlins . Kemp singled to center . Markakis singled to right , Kemp to second . García grounded into double play , third to second to first , Markakis out at second , Kemp to third . Flowers homered to left center ( 398 feet ) , Kemp scored . Swanson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Stanton singled to right . Bour singled to right , Stanton to second . Lombardozzi struck out swinging . Ureña bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Stanton out at third , Bour to second . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ureña out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Urena pitching for Marlins . Foltynewicz struck out swinging . Inciarte singled to right . Inciarte caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Phillips walked . Freeman walked , Phillips to second . Kemp fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Dietrich hit by pitch . Realmuto lined out to center . Yelich singled to center , Dietrich to second . Ozuna struck out swinging . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Urena pitching for Marlins . Markakis singled to center . García grounded out to third , Markakis to second . Flowers fouled out to left . Swanson intentionally walked . Foltynewicz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Bour homered to right ( 379 feet ) . Lombardozzi lined out to center . Ureña singled to left . Gordon grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Ureña out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Urena pitching for Marlins . Inciarte flied out to right . Phillips grounded out to third . Freeman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Dietrich struck out looking . Realmuto grounded out to second . Yelich flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Urena pitching for Marlins . Kemp reached on infield single to third . Markakis struck out swinging . Kemp caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop to first . García grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Stanton grounded out to second . Bour safe at first on error by second baseman Phillips . Lombardozzi grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 7th . Ziegler pitching for Marlins . Flowers hit by pitch . Swanson singled to center , Flowers to second . Bonifacio hit for Foltynewicz . Bonifacio sacrificed to pitcher , Flowers to third , Swanson to second . Inciarte intentionally walked . Phillips singled to center , Flowers and Swanson scored , Inciarte to third . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Riddle at shortstop . Gordon at second base . Freeman walked , Phillips to second . Kemp struck out swinging . Inciarte scored , Phillips to third , Freeman to second on balk by Barraclough . Markakis walked . García safe at first on error by third baseman Dietrich , Phillips scored , Freeman to third , Markakis to second . Ellington pitching for Marlins . Flowers singled to right , Freeman and Markakis scored , García to second . Swanson flied out to left . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Krol pitching for Braves . Aviles hit for Riddle . Aviles hit by pitch . Gordon lined into double play , third to first , Aviles doubled off first . Dietrich reached on infield single to second . Realmuto homered to left center ( 383 feet ) , Dietrich scored . Yelich lined out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Aviles at shortstop . Santana hit for Krol . Ellington pitching for Marlins . Santana walked . Inciarte struck out swinging . Phillips struck out swinging . Freeman doubled to left , Santana to third . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Ramírez pitching for Braves . Santana in left field . Ozuna struck out swinging . Stanton singled to center . Bour singled to right , Stanton to second . Suzuki hit for Ellington . Suzuki struck out swinging . Aviles flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Markakis struck out swinging . García flied out to right . Flowers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Johnson pitching for Braves . Gordon struck out looking . Dietrich homered to center ( 428 feet ) . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . Yelich flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 8 - Marlins 4 .	Flowers HR , 4 RBIs , Braves end 6 - game skid , beat Marlins 8 - 4