Pirates - Top 1st . Colon pitching for Braves . Frazier grounded out to second . Harrison walked . Bell grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Harrison out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Nova pitching for Pirates . Inciarte struck out swinging . Swanson grounded out to shortstop . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Colon pitching for Braves . Freese singled to right . Cervelli singled to shallow left , Freese to second . Osuna grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Freese out at third , Cervelli to second . Mercer reached on infield single to third , Cervelli to third , Osuna to second , Cervelli scored , Osuna to third on throwing error by third baseman Ruiz . Ngoepe reached on infield single to third , Osuna scored , Mercer to second . Nova sacrificed to third , Mercer to third , Ngoepe to second . Frazier homered to right ( 407 feet ) , Mercer and Ngoepe scored . Harrison doubled to left . Bell grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Nova pitching for Pirates . Kemp flied out to right . Adams grounded out to first . Suzuki walked . Ruiz singled to center , Suzuki to second . Peterson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Colon pitching for Braves . Freese flied out to right . Cervelli singled to left . Osuna grounded out to pitcher , Cervelli to second . Mercer walked . Ngoepe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mercer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Nova pitching for Pirates . Colón lined out to left . Inciarte lined out to center . Swanson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Colon pitching for Braves . Nova fouled out to right . Frazier grounded out to second . Harrison singled to center . Bell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Markakis grounded out to second . Kemp singled to left . Adams grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kemp out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Colon pitching for Braves . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Cervelli doubled to deep left . Osuna walked . Mercer doubled to left , Cervelli and Osuna scored . Ngoepe struck out looking . Nova grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Ruiz lined out to right . Peterson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Wisler pitching for Braves . Santana at second base . Frazier fouled out to third . Harrison lined out to left . Bell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Santana bunt popped out to pitcher . Inciarte lined out to left . Swanson doubled to right center . Markakis lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Wisler pitching for Braves . Freese flied out to center . Cervelli struck out swinging . Osuna popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Kemp grounded out to third . Adams doubled to deep right . Suzuki lined out to center . Ruiz singled to left , Adams scored . Bonifacio hit for Wisler . Bonifacio grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ruiz out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Freeman pitching for Braves . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Ngoepe struck out swinging . Nova struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Santana doubled to right . Inciarte flied out to right , Santana to third . Swanson grounded out to shortstop , Santana scored . Markakis singled to right . Kemp flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Freeman pitching for Braves . Frazier grounded out to second . Harrison singled to center . Bell doubled to left , Harrison to third . Freese intentionally walked . Cervelli singled to shallow center , Harrison and Bell scored , Freese to second , Freese to third , Cervelli to second on throwing error by center fielder Inciarte . Osuna struck out swinging . Mercer struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 9th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Adams grounded out to third . Suzuki doubled to center . Ruiz singled to right , Suzuki to third . Phillips hit for Freeman . Phillips singled to right , Suzuki scored , Ruiz to second . Mariñez pitching for Pirates . Santana struck out swinging . Inciarte singled to shallow center , Ruiz scored , Phillips to second . Swanson lined out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 9 - Braves 4 .	Nova , Frazier lead Pirates to 9 - 4 win over Braves