Braves - Top 1st . Garrett pitching for Reds . Inciarte singled to center . Swanson struck out swinging . Kemp lined out to right . Inciarte to second on wild pitch by Garrett . García safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cozart , Inciarte advanced to third on Cozart throwing error , Inciarte scored , García to second on throwing error by shortstop Cozart . Adams flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Teheran pitching for Braves . Peraza singled to right center . Cozart homered to left ( 342 feet ) , Peraza scored . Votto doubled to left center . Duvall popped out to first . Gennett grounded out to second , Votto to third . Suárez struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Garrett pitching for Reds . Flowers walked . Santana homered to left center ( 381 feet ) , Flowers scored . Camargo doubled to deep right center . Teherán sacrificed to third , Camargo to third . Inciarte singled to shallow left , Camargo scored . Swanson grounded out to shortstop , Inciarte to second . Kemp grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Alcántara struck out swinging . Barnhart doubled to left . Garrett sacrificed to pitcher , Barnhart to third . Peraza flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Garrett pitching for Reds . García grounded out to shortstop . Adams homered to right ( 396 feet ) . Flowers walked . Santana doubled to deep left center , Flowers to third . Camargo intentionally walked . Teherán hit sacrifice fly to right , Flowers scored , Santana to third , Camargo to second . Inciarte homered to right center ( 408 feet ) , Santana and Camargo scored . Buchanan pitching for Reds . Swanson grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Cozart lined out to center . Votto singled to right . Duvall singled to left , Votto to second . Gennett grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Duvall out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Buchanan pitching for Reds . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . García grounded out to second . Adams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Suárez walked . Alcántara flied out to center . Barnhart doubled to right , Suárez to third . Buchanan singled to left center , Suárez scored , Barnhart to third . Peraza fouled out to first . Cozart tripled to center , Barnhart and Buchanan scored . Votto walked . Duvall struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Buchanan pitching for Reds . Flowers hit by pitch . Santana singled to right , Flowers to third . Camargo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Flowers scored , Santana out at second . Teherán sacrificed to catcher , Camargo to second . Inciarte intentionally walked . Swanson singled to left , Camargo scored , Inciarte to second . Kemp grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Gennett flied out to center . Suárez singled to center . Alcántara homered to right center ( 408 feet ) , Suárez scored . Barnhart flied out to right . Buchanan struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Buchanan pitching for Reds . García grounded out to pitcher . Adams doubled to left . Flowers lined out to center . Santana grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Motte pitching for Braves . Peraza lined out to center . Cozart homered to center ( 405 feet ) . Votto grounded out to shortstop . Duvall grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Buchanan pitching for Reds . Camargo flied out to center . Ruiz hit for Motte . Ruiz flied out to left . Inciarte singled to left . Swanson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Inciarte out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Krol pitching for Braves . Gennett grounded out to pitcher . Suárez struck out swinging . Alcántara struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Buchanan pitching for Reds . Kemp lined out to shortstop . García grounded out to second . Adams flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Krol pitching for Braves . Barnhart struck out swinging . Kivlehan hit for Buchanan . Kivlehan flied out to right . Peraza lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Wood pitching for Reds . Flowers doubled to deep right center . Santana doubled to right center , Flowers scored . Camargo flied out to left . Markakis hit for Krol . Markakis hit by pitch . Inciarte singled to left center , Santana scored , Markakis to second . Swanson struck out swinging . Kemp struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Jackson pitching for Braves . Cozart walked . Votto grounded out to first , Cozart to second . Duvall struck out swinging . Gennett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 13 - Reds 8 .	Inciarte 's career day leads Braves to 13 - 8 romp over Reds