Giants - Top 1st . Garcia pitching for Braves . Tomlinson lined out to center . Panik grounded out to pitcher . Pence lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Cain pitching for Giants . Inciarte singled to left . Phillips flied out to right , Inciarte to second . Markakis homered to right center ( 401 feet ) , Inciarte scored . Kemp lined out to center . Adams struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Garcia pitching for Braves . Posey homered to right center ( 311 feet ) . Slater singled to right . Slater to second on wild pitch by García . Crawford grounded out to second , Slater to third . Hundley struck out swinging . Hernández intentionally walked . Hernández stole second . Cain doubled to deep right , Slater and Hernández scored . Tomlinson grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Cain pitching for Giants . Suzuki flied out to center . Swanson lined out to left . Camargo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Garcia pitching for Braves . Panik walked . Pence grounded out to third , Panik to second . Posey hit ground rule double to deep left center , Panik scored . Slater doubled to deep right center , Posey scored . Crawford struck out swinging . Hundley grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Cain pitching for Giants . García grounded out to second . Inciarte singled to left center . Phillips grounded out to pitcher , Inciarte to second . Markakis singled to left , Inciarte scored , Markakis to second on throwing error by left fielder Slater . Kemp flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 4th . Garcia pitching for Braves . Hernández walked . Cain struck out swinging , Hernández stole second . Hernández caught stealing third , catcher to third . Tomlinson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Cain pitching for Giants . Adams homered to right ( 422 feet ) . Suzuki reached on bunt single to third . Swanson singled to left , Suzuki to second . Camargo grounded out to first , Suzuki to third , Swanson to second . García grounded out to first . Inciarte grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Garcia pitching for Braves . Panik homered to center ( 401 feet ) . Pence flied out to center . Posey doubled to deep center . Hursh pitching for Braves . Slater walked . Crawford lined out to left . Hundley reached on infield single to first , Posey to third , Slater to second . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hundley out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Cain pitching for Giants . Phillips homered to left ( 416 feet ) . Markakis singled to right . Kemp singled to center , Markakis to second . Morris pitching for Giants . Santana ran for Kemp . Adams singled to left , Markakis scored , Santana to second . Suzuki singled to left , Santana scored , Adams to second . Swanson singled to shallow left , Adams to third , Suzuki to second . Camargo hit sacrifice fly to left , Adams scored . Adams hit for Hursh . Adams homered to left ( 408 feet ) , Suzuki and Swanson scored . Inciarte flied out to left . Phillips walked . Markakis singled to center , Phillips to third . Slater in center field . Belt in left field . Crick pitching for Giants . Santana singled to right , Phillips scored , Markakis to second . Adams flied out to left . 8 Runs , 9 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Santana at second base . Adams in left field . Motte pitching for Braves . Belt struck out swinging . Tomlinson singled to right . Panik flied out to left . Pence singled to deep center , Tomlinson to second . Posey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Crick pitching for Giants . Suzuki flied out to center . Swanson popped out to second . Camargo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Krol pitching for Braves . Slater lined out to right . Crawford flied out to left . Hundley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Crick pitching for Giants . Adams flied out to center . Inciarte flied out to center . Krol flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Hill hit for Crick . Krol pitching for Braves . Hill flied out to left . Belt homered to right ( 386 feet ) . Tomlinson safe at second on error by left fielder Adams . Panik singled to right center , Tomlinson scored . Vizcaíno pitching for Braves . Pence doubled to deep right , Panik to third . Posey grounded out to shortstop , Panik scored , Pence to third . Slater grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 8th . Kontos pitching for Giants . Markakis grounded out to first . Santana struck out swinging . Adams grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Johnson pitching for Braves . Crawford lined out to shortstop . Hundley singled to right . Span hit for Kontos . Span singled to left , Hundley to second . Belt walked , Hundley to third , Span to second . Tomlinson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hundley scored , Span to third , Belt to second . Panik hit sacrifice fly to left , Span scored . Pence grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 11 - Braves 12 .	Braves hit 4 HRs , use 8 - run 5th to hold off Giants 12 - 11