Braves - Top 1st . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Inciarte singled to right . Phillips lined out to right . Freeman flied out to left . Adams walked , Inciarte to second . Markakis reached on infield single to shortstop , Inciarte tagged out at home , Adams to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Dickey pitching for Braves . Hernández walked . Galvis flied out to left . Altherr lined out to right . Williams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Suzuki singled to shallow left center . Camargo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Suzuki out at second . Rodríguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Dickey pitching for Braves . Joseph struck out swinging . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . Franco singled to left . Knapp walked , Franco to second . Franco to third , Knapp to second on wild pitch by Dickey . Velasquez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Dickey grounded out to third . Inciarte struck out swinging . Phillips singled to center . Freeman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Dickey pitching for Braves . Hernández grounded out to second . Galvis singled to left center . Galvis to second on wild pitch by Dickey . Altherr struck out looking . Williams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Adams grounded out to pitcher . Markakis struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Dickey pitching for Braves . Joseph struck out swinging . Herrera reached on bunt single to pitcher . Herrera to second on wild pitch by Dickey . Franco grounded out to third , Herrera to third . Herrera scored on Suzuki 's passed ball . Knapp struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Camargo walked . Rodríguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Camargo out at second . Dickey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Dickey pitching for Braves . Velasquez grounded out to pitcher . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Galvis reached on infield single to pitcher , Galvis to second on throwing error by pitcher Dickey . Galvis to third on passed ball by Suzuki . Altherr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 6th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Inciarte struck out looking . Phillips flied out to left . Freeman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Dickey pitching for Braves . Williams grounded out to first . Joseph lined out to right . Herrera reached on bunt single to catcher . Franco walked , Herrera to second . Herrera to third on wild pitch by Dickey . Herrera out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Knapp batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Adams singled to right . Markakis singled to left , Adams to second . Suzuki flied out to center , Adams to third , Markakis to second . Camargo struck out swinging . Rodríguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Dickey pitching for Braves . Knapp grounded out to second . Perkins hit for Velasquez . Perkins grounded out to shortstop . Hernández singled to left . Galvis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . García pitching for Phillies . Santana hit for Dickey . Santana singled to center . Santana to second on wild pitch by García . Inciarte sacrificed to third , Santana to third . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Santana scored . Freeman struck out swinging . Adams singled to left , Phillips to second . Phillips stole third . Markakis intentionally walked , Adams to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Markakis out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Santana in right field . Johnson pitching for Braves . Altherr safe at first on error by first baseman Adams . Altherr to second on wild pitch by Johnson . Williams grounded out to pitcher . Joseph walked . Brothers pitching for Braves . Herrera struck out swinging . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 9th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Camargo walked . Rodríguez sacrificed to pitcher , Camargo to second . Santana popped out to shortstop . Inciarte popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Brothers pitching for Braves . Knapp doubled to left . Kelly hit for Neris . Morris pitching for Braves . Kelly walked . Hernández reached on bunt single to third , Knapp to third , Kelly to second . Galvis singled to right , Knapp scored , Kelly to third , Hernández to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 1 - Phillies 2 .	Galvis ' single in 9th lifts Phillies to 2 - 1 win over Braves