Mariners - Top 1st . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Segura grounded out to third . Alonso struck out swinging . Canó grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Albers pitching for Mariners . Inciarte safe at first on error by shortstop Segura . Phillips grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Inciarte out at second . Freeman doubled to deep right , Freeman to third on error by right fielder Haniger . Kemp walked . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Seager singled to left center . Haniger grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Seager out at second . Gamel singled to right , Haniger to second . Zunino grounded out to shortstop , Haniger to third , Gamel to second . Martín intentionally walked . Albers reached on infield single to shortstop , Haniger scored , Gamel to third , Martín to second . Segura lined out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Albers pitching for Mariners . Suzuki homered to left ( 350 feet ) . Albies singled to right . Swanson grounded out to first , Albies to second . Foltynewicz struck out swinging . Inciarte singled to left center , Albies scored , Inciarte to second advancing on throw . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Alonso singled to left . Canó popped out to third . Seager hit ground rule double to left , Alonso to third . Haniger grounded out to second , Alonso scored , Seager to third . Gamel popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Albers pitching for Mariners . Freeman grounded out to first . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . Markakis singled to left . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Zunino struck out swinging . Martín hit by pitch . Albers sacrificed to catcher , Martín to second . Segura walked . Alonso doubled to deep right , Martín and Segura scored . Canó singled to center , Alonso scored , Canó to second advancing on throw . Seager popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 4th . Albers pitching for Mariners . Albies flied out to center . Swanson lined out to left . Foltynewicz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Haniger struck out swinging . Gamel flied out to left . Zunino grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Albers pitching for Mariners . Inciarte flied out to center . Phillips grounded out to pitcher . Freeman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Foltynewicz pitching for Braves . Martín singled to left . Albers sacrificed to first , Martín to second . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Martín stole third . Alonso doubled to deep right , Martín scored . Winkler pitching for Braves . Canó grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Albers pitching for Mariners . Kemp reached first base on catcher 's interference . Markakis singled to right , Kemp to second . Pagan pitching for Mariners . Suzuki fouled out to catcher . Albies tripled to deep center , Kemp and Markakis scored . Swanson hit sacrifice fly to right , Albies scored . Adams hit for Winkler . Adams reached on infield single to shortstop . Rzepczynski pitching for Mariners . Adams stole second . Inciarte reached on infield single to second , Adams tagged out at home , Adams to third advancing on play . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 7th . Freeman pitching for Braves . Seager popped out to shortstop . Haniger grounded out to shortstop . Gamel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Rzepczynski pitching for Mariners . Phillips singled to left . Freeman struck out swinging . Phillips caught stealing second , catcher to second . Kemp safe at first on error by first baseman Alonso . Markakis singled to right , Kemp to second . Heredia in left field . Vincent pitching for Mariners . Suzuki popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 8th . Ramírez pitching for Braves . Zunino walked . Martín struck out swinging . Heredia struck out swinging . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zunino out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Vincent pitching for Mariners . Albies bunt grounded out to pitcher . Swanson grounded out to shortstop . Adams hit for Ramírez . Adams flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Vizcaíno pitching for Braves . Alonso struck out swinging . Canó grounded out to first . Seager flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Díaz pitching for Mariners . Inciarte singled to center . Phillips lined out to right . Inciarte caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Freeman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 6 - Braves 5 .	Albers picks up 2nd win , Mariners hold off Braves 6 - 5