Indians - Top 1st . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Brantley doubled to center . Cabrera doubled to right center , Brantley scored . Choo struck out swinging . Buck walked . Santana walked , Cabrera to third , Buck to second . Sizemore doubled to center , Cabrera , Buck and Santana scored . LaPorta grounded out to third . Hannahan walked . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Everett popped out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Escobar flied out to center . Patterson fouled out to third . Bautista walked . Rivera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Brantley grounded out to second . Cabrera struck out looking . Choo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Arencibia struck out swinging . Hill struck out swinging . Thames singled to deep right . Davis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Buck singled to center . Santana walked , Buck to second . Sizemore flied out to center , Buck to third . LaPorta homered to left center ( 413 feet ) , Buck and Santana scored . Hannahan doubled to right . Everett singled to right center , Hannahan scored . Brantley singled to center , Everett to third . Cabrera doubled to deep center , Everett and Brantley scored . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Choo safe at third on error by center fielder Davis , Cabrera scored . Buck safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar , Choo scored . Santana flied out to center . Sizemore singled to shallow right , Buck to second . LaPorta struck out swinging . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Nix struck out swinging . Escobar flied out to center . Patterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Hannahan struck out swinging . Everett grounded out to second . Brantley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Bautista struck out swinging . Rivera flied out to center . Arencibia fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera singled to shallow left . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cabrera out at second . Buck struck out looking . Choo to second on wild pitch by Rzepczynski . Santana walked . Sizemore grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Thames tripled to deep center . Davis tripled to deep right , Thames scored . Nix tripled to center , Davis scored . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . Patterson reached on infield single to shortstop , Nix scored . Bautista lined out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . McCoy at shortstop . Encarnacion at third base . Nix at second base . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . LaPorta singled to shallow left . Hannahan struck out swinging . Everett singled to right center , LaPorta to third . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , LaPorta scored , Everett out at second . Cabrera doubled to right , Brantley to third . Choo grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Rivera struck out swinging . Arencibia singled to left . Encarnacion singled to shallow left , Arencibia to second . Thames struck out swinging . Davis homered to left ( 405 feet ) , Arencibia and Encarnacion scored . Nix flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Rauch pitching for Blue Jays . Buck reached on infield single to catcher . Santana grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Buck out at second . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Durbin pitching for Indians . McCoy singled to shallow left . McCoy to second on wild pitch by Durbin . Patterson safe at first on error by second baseman Everett , McCoy to third . Bautista grounded into double play , third to second to first , McCoy scored , Patterson out at second . Rivera grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 8th . Rauch pitching for Blue Jays . LaPorta singled to left . Hannahan flied out to center . Everett fouled out to first . Brantley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Arencibia flied out to right . Encarnacion walked . Thames singled to right , Encarnacion to second . Davis struck out swinging . Nix flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Francisco pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera flied out to center . Choo singled to deep right . Buck singled to shallow left , Choo to third . Santana flied out to center . Marson hit for Sizemore . Marson lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . McCoy walked . Patterson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , McCoy safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Perez . McCoy to third , Patterson to second on wild pitch by Perez . Bautista singled to shallow left , McCoy and Patterson scored . Pestano pitching for Indians . Rivera struck out swinging . Arencibia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bautista out at second . Encarnacion walked , Arencibia to second . Thames struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Indians 13 - Blue Jays 9 .	Indians whip Blue Jays