Indians - Top 1st . Penny pitching for Tigers . Sizemore singled to right . Santana grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Sizemore out at second . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Jackson flied out to right . Kelly struck out swinging . Boesch homered to right ( 408 feet ) . Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Hannahan . Martinez doubled to deep left , Cabrera to third . Ordonez walked . Avila singled to center , Cabrera and Martinez scored , Ordonez to second . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ordonez out at third , Avila to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Penny pitching for Tigers . Cabrera flied out to left . Choo lined out to center . LaPorta singled to left . Cabrera singled to left , LaPorta to second . Hannahan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Santiago grounded out to second . Jackson grounded out to second . Kelly flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Penny pitching for Tigers . Marson singled to right center . Sizemore grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Marson out at second . Santana walked . Brantley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Boesch grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to third . Martinez doubled to left . Ordonez singled to left , Martinez to third . Avila walked , Ordonez to second . Peralta flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Penny pitching for Tigers . Cabrera singled to center . Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Penny . Choo walked . LaPorta singled to left , Cabrera scored , Choo to second . Cabrera singled to left , Choo scored , LaPorta to second . Hannahan sacrificed to pitcher , LaPorta to third , Cabrera to second . Marson singled to right , LaPorta scored , Cabrera to third . Furbush pitching for Tigers . Sizemore hit sacrifice fly to center , Cabrera scored . Santana singled to right , Marson to third . Brantley struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Santiago singled to right . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santiago to second . Kelly sacrificed to pitcher , Santiago to third , Jackson to second . Boesch grounded out to second , Santiago scored , Jackson to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Furbush pitching for Tigers . Cabrera lined out to left . Choo singled to right center . LaPorta struck out swinging . Cabrera doubled to deep left , Choo scored . Hannahan walked . Marson flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Martinez struck out swinging . Ordonez lined out to third . Avila singled to right . Peralta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Sizemore flied out to center . Santana struck out swinging . Brantley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Perez pitching for Indians . Santiago struck out looking . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Kelly popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Cabrera struck out swinging . Choo singled to left , Choo to second on error by left fielder Boesch . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Choo to third on wild pitch by Alburquerque . LaPorta grounded out to third , Choo scored . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Pestano pitching for Indians . Boesch walked . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Boesch out at second . Martinez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Purcey pitching for Tigers . Hannahan singled to center . Marson sacrificed to catcher , Hannahan to second . Sizemore grounded out to second , Hannahan to third . Santana grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Pestano pitching for Indians . Ordonez struck out swinging . Sipp pitching for Indians . Avila walked . Peralta flied out to right . Santiago struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Purcey pitching for Tigers . Brantley struck out looking . Cabrera popped out to second . Choo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Dirks hit for Jackson . Dirks struck out looking . Kelly struck out swinging . Boesch flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 6 - Tigers 4 .	Cabrera leads Carmona , Indians past Tigers