Rockies - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Gonzalez singled to center . Gonzalez stole second . Nelson grounded out to pitcher . Helton singled to left , Gonzalez to third . Tulowitzki singled to left , Gonzalez scored , Helton to second . Giambi flied out to left . Smith lined out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Sizemore grounded out to shortstop . Brantley singled to left . Cabrera singled to center , Brantley to third . Hafner homered to right ( 422 feet ) , Brantley and Cabrera scored . Choo struck out swinging . Santana struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Wigginton fouled out to catcher . Blackmon flied out to center . Iannetta fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Cabrera walked . Phelps flied out to right . Marson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Gonzalez singled to right . Nelson grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . Helton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Sizemore struck out swinging . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Tulowitzki flied out to left . Giambi grounded out to second . Smith grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Hafner lined out to second . Choo grounded out to second . Santana homered to right ( 405 feet ) . Cabrera singled to right . Phelps grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Wigginton grounded out to third . Blackmon grounded out to second . Iannetta walked . Gonzalez singled to center , Iannetta to second . Nelson singled to center , Iannetta to third , Gonzalez to second . Helton walked , Iannetta scored , Gonzalez to third , Nelson to second . Tulowitzki doubled to left , Gonzalez and Nelson scored , Helton to third . Giambi homered to center ( 431 feet ) , Helton and Tulowitzki scored . Smith doubled to right . Durbin pitching for Indians . Wigginton struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Marson struck out swinging . Sizemore singled to left . Brantley singled to right , Sizemore to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Hafner walked , Sizemore to third , Brantley to second . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Choo singled to left center , Sizemore and Brantley scored , Hafner to second . Santana singled to left , Hafner to third , Choo to second . Cabrera lined out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Durbin pitching for Indians . Blackmon flied out to left . Iannetta grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Lindstrom pitching for Rockies . Phelps lined out to first . Marson singled to right center . Sizemore grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Marson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Durbin pitching for Indians . Nelson struck out swinging . Helton singled to left . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Perez pitching for Indians . Giambi walked , Helton to second . Smith reached on infield single to second , Helton to third , Giambi to second . Wigginton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Brantley struck out looking . Cabrera flied out to right . Hafner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Blackmon walked . Iannetta singled to center , Blackmon to second . Gonzalez flied out to center . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Nelson struck out swinging . Helton flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 8th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Choo grounded out to second . Santana singled to left . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Cabrera struck out swinging . Santana stole second . Phelps singled to left , Santana scored , Phelps thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Giambi flied out to left . Smith fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Street pitching for Rockies . Buck hit for Marson . Buck flied out to left . Sizemore flied out to right . Brantley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 8 - Indians 7 .	Giambi 's 3 - run homer lifts Rockies over Indians