Blue Jays - Top 1st . McAllister pitching for Indians . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Thames struck out looking . Bautista walked . Lind struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Brantley singled to right . Cabrera flied out to right . Hafner flied out to left . Brantley stole second . Santana walked . Sizemore walked , Brantley to third , Santana to second . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Hill walked . Encarnacion popped out to second . Hill stole second . Hill safe at third on error by shortstop Cabrera . Snider singled to center , Hill scored . Arencibia struck out swinging . Davis safe at second on throwing error by pitcher McAllister , Snider to third . Escobar flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Buck struck out swinging . LaPorta grounded out to third . Chisenhall hit by pitch . Hannahan ran for Chisenhall . Brantley singled to center , Hannahan to third . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Hannahan at third base . McAllister pitching for Indians . Thames flied out to right . Bautista flied out to right . Lind struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Hafner singled to center . Santana struck out swinging . Hafner to second on wild pitch by Villanueva . Sizemore struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Hill reached on infield single to third . Encarnacion singled to left , Hill to second . Snider grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Encarnacion out at second , Hill to third . Arencibia singled to center , Hill scored , Snider to second . Davis singled to shallow left center , Snider scored , Arencibia to second . Escobar walked , Arencibia to third , Davis to second . Thames flied out to left . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Buck struck out swinging . LaPorta grounded out to third . Hannahan tripled to deep right . Brantley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Indians . Lind struck out swinging . Hill singled to left . Hill caught stealing second , catcher to second . Encarnacion singled to left . Snider struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera struck out swinging . Hafner reached on infield single to second . Santana singled to right , Hafner to second . Sizemore struck out looking . Cabrera fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Indians . Arencibia lined out to left . Davis lined out to center . Escobar walked . Thames grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Buck flied out to left . LaPorta struck out swinging . Hannahan fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Durbin pitching for Indians . Bautista grounded out to third . Lind grounded out to shortstop . Hill grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Brantley struck out looking . Cabrera walked . Hafner grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Encarnacion singled to center . Snider struck out looking . Arencibia singled to right , Encarnacion to second . Davis popped out to second . Smith pitching for Indians . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Santana walked . Sizemore grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Santana out at second . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sizemore out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Thames struck out swinging . Bautista homered to left . Lind singled to right . Hill flied out to right . Encarnacion struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Francisco pitching for Blue Jays . Buck singled to center . LaPorta doubled to deep right , Buck to third . Hannahan walked . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Brantley struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to left , Buck scored , LaPorta to third , Hannahan to second . Hafner homered to right , LaPorta , Hannahan and Cabrera scored . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 4 - Indians 5 .	Indians ' Hafner smacks walk - off grand slam