Blue Jays - Top 1st . Talbot pitching for Indians . Escobar singled to right . Thames popped out to shortstop . Bautista grounded into double play , second to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Brantley singled to center . Cabrera walked , Brantley to second . Hafner lined out to left . Duncan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second , Brantley to third . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Talbot pitching for Indians . Lind singled to center . Hill walked , Lind to second . Encarnacion singled to left , Lind to third , Hill to second . Snider grounded out to first , Lind scored , Hill to third , Encarnacion to second . Arencibia struck out swinging . Davis singled to left center , Hill and Encarnacion scored . Davis caught stealing second , catcher to second . Escobar batting . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . LaPorta safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Bautista . Kearns singled to left , LaPorta to third . Hannahan singled to right center , LaPorta scored , Kearns to second . Marson sacrificed to catcher , Kearns to third , Hannahan to second . Brantley grounded out to first , Kearns scored , Hannahan to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Talbot pitching for Indians . Escobar flied out to center . Thames singled to right center . Bautista walked , Thames to second . Lind flied out to center . Hill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Hafner flied out to center . Duncan singled to right . Cabrera walked , Duncan to second . LaPorta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second , Duncan to third . Kearns flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Talbot pitching for Indians . Encarnacion doubled to deep left . Snider flied out to right , Encarnacion to third . Arencibia grounded out to third . Davis singled to center , Encarnacion scored . Escobar doubled to deep right center , Davis scored . Thames fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Hannahan doubled to deep right . Marson popped out to first . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera walked . Hafner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Talbot pitching for Indians . Bautista struck out swinging . Lind popped out to third . Hill lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Duncan grounded out to third . Cabrera bunt grounded out to catcher . LaPorta doubled to deep right . Kearns flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Talbot pitching for Indians . Encarnacion singled to third baseman Jack Hannahan . Snider homered to right center ( 398 feet ) , Encarnacion scored . Arencibia singled to shallow right . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Arencibia out at second . Durbin pitching for Indians . Davis stole second . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . Davis stole third , Davis scored on error by third baseman Hannahan . Thames singled to right . Bautista struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Hannahan flied out to left . Marson popped out to second . Brantley singled to center . Cabrera singled to right , Brantley to second . Hafner safe at first on error by first baseman Lind , Brantley scored , Cabrera to third . Dotel pitching for Blue Jays . Buck hit for Duncan . Buck grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Buck in left field . Durbin pitching for Indians . Lind grounded out to second . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Dotel pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera fouled out to first . LaPorta struck out swinging . Kearns flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Snider singled to right . Arencibia fouled out to first . Davis doubled to deep left , Snider scored . Escobar flied out to center . Thames lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Hannahan singled to right center . Marson singled to left , Hannahan to second . Brantley singled to right , Hannahan to third , Marson to second . Cabrera singled to right , Hannahan scored , Marson to third , Brantley to second . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Hafner struck out swinging . Buck doubled to deep left , Marson and Brantley scored , Cabrera to third . Cabrera fouled out to right . LaPorta grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Pestano pitching for Indians . Bautista walked . Lind lined out to left . Hill flied out to center . Encarnacion singled to left , Bautista to second . Snider doubled to deep center , Bautista and Encarnacion scored . Arencibia struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Patterson in right field . Rauch pitching for Blue Jays . Sizemore hit for Kearns . Sizemore struck out swinging . Hannahan grounded out to shortstop . Marson singled to left center . Marson to second on fielder 's indifference . Brantley singled to right center , Marson scored . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 11 - Indians 7 .	Blue Jays dump Indians