Mariners - Top 1st . McAllister pitching for Indians . Suzuki lined out to second . Gutierrez fouled out to third . Ackley lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Vazquez pitching for Mariners . Carrera singled to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . Carrera caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Choo tripled to deep center . Santana walked . Duncan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Carp struck out looking . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Seager hit ground rule double to left . Ryan grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez pitching for Mariners . Fukudome homered to right ( 372 feet ) . Donald grounded out to shortstop . Hannahan fouled out to catcher . Marson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Bard walked . Robinson singled to left , Bard to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Robinson out at second , Bard to third . Gutierrez singled to left , Bard scored , Suzuki to second , Suzuki scored , Gutierrez to second on error by left fielder Carrera . Ackley singled to right , Gutierrez scored . Carp homered to right ( 443 feet ) , Ackley scored . Pena flied out to center . Seager flied out to left . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Vazquez pitching for Mariners . Carrera flied out to center . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Choo homered to right ( 393 feet ) . Santana grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Ryan struck out looking . Bard singled to center . Robinson doubled to deep left center , Bard to third . Suzuki intentionally walked . Gutierrez singled to left , Bard scored , Robinson to third , Suzuki to second . Ackley singled to right , Robinson and Suzuki scored , Gutierrez to third . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Carp grounded out to pitcher , Ackley to second . Pena safe at first on error by center fielder Fukudome , Gutierrez and Ackley scored . Seager grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Vazquez pitching for Mariners . Duncan doubled to deep left . Fukudome grounded out to first , Duncan to third . Donald singled to center , Duncan scored . Hannahan singled to left , Donald to second , Donald to third , Hannahan to second on error by left fielder Robinson . Marson grounded out to pitcher , Donald scored , Hannahan to third . Carrera fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 5th . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Ryan doubled to right . Bard grounded out to second , Ryan to third . Robinson singled to shallow center , Ryan scored . Suzuki singled to left , Robinson to second . Gutierrez flied out to center , Robinson to third . Suzuki stole second . Ackley flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Vazquez pitching for Mariners . Cabrera flied out to right . Choo struck out swinging . Santana grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Carp flied out to left . Pena grounded out to third . Seager singled to left center . Ryan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Vazquez pitching for Mariners . Duncan walked . Fukudome singled to center , Duncan to second . Donald fouled out to first . Hannahan singled to center , Duncan scored , Fukudome to second . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Marson hit by pitch , Fukudome to third , Hannahan to second . Carrera singled to center , Fukudome scored , Hannahan to third , Marson to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Choo grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Durbin pitching for Indians . Bard grounded out to pitcher . Robinson reached on infield single to pitcher . Suzuki singled to right , Robinson to second . Gutierrez singled to center , Robinson to third , Suzuki to second . Ackley struck out looking . Carp struck out looking . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Santana struck out swinging . Duncan doubled to left . Duncan to third on balk by Wilhelmsen . Fukudome struck out looking . Donald struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Durbin pitching for Indians . Pena grounded out to third . Seager homered to right ( 380 feet ) . Ryan struck out swinging . Bard grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Ruffin pitching for Mariners . Hannahan singled to right . Marson walked , Hannahan to second . Carrera flied out to left . Cabrera walked , Hannahan to third , Marson to second . Choo walked , Hannahan scored , Marson to third , Cabrera to second . Gray pitching for Mariners . Santana popped out to shortstop . Duncan lined out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Robinson grounded out to pitcher . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Gutierrez walked . Ackley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Gray pitching for Mariners . Fukudome grounded out to second . Donald grounded out to third . Hannahan singled to left . Marson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 12 - Indians 7 .	Rookies help M 's salvage DH split with Indians