Indians - Top 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Fukudome struck out looking . Kipnis grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . McAllister pitching for Indians . Jackson struck out swinging . Betemit doubled to right . Young flied out to center , Betemit to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Hafner grounded out to second . Santana grounded out to first . Duncan grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Martinez singled to right center . Avila flied out to center . Peralta flied out to right . Kelly struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Hannahan grounded out to second . LaPorta walked . Carrera tripled to deep left , LaPorta scored . Fukudome struck out swinging . Kipnis grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Santiago grounded out to second . Jackson struck out swinging . Betemit struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Cabrera singled to center . Hafner singled to left center , Cabrera to second . Santana walked , Cabrera to third , Hafner to second . Duncan popped out to shortstop . Hannahan singled to left center , Cabrera scored , Hafner to third , Santana to second . LaPorta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hafner scored , Santana to third , Hannahan safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Betemit . Carrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , LaPorta out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 4th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Young singled to deep right center , Young to third on error by center fielder Carrera . Cabrera popped out to second . Martinez singled to right , Young scored . Avila grounded out to second , Martinez to second . Peralta grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Fukudome flied out to left . Kipnis flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Kelly singled to deep center . Santiago grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kelly out at second . Jackson singled to shallow center . Betemit walked , Jackson to second . Young flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Hafner struck out swinging . Santana bunt grounded out to pitcher . Duncan lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Smith pitching for Indians . Cabrera singled to shallow right . Martinez singled to left center , Cabrera to second . Avila singled to left , Cabrera scored , Martinez to third . Peralta hit sacrifice fly to left , Martinez scored . Avila picked off first . Kelly walked . Santiago walked , Kelly to second . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kelly out at third , Santiago to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Hannahan doubled to deep left . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . LaPorta grounded out to third , Hannahan to third . Carrera struck out swinging . Fukudome hit by pitch . Kipnis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Putnam pitching for Indians . Betemit tripled to deep right . Worth ran for Betemit . Young struck out swinging . Worth scored on Putnam 's wild pitch . Cabrera doubled to left . Dirks hit for Martinez . Dirks flied out to center . Perez pitching for Indians . Avila flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Worth at third base . Perry pitching for Tigers . Cabrera grounded out to second . Hafner doubled to deep left . Phelps ran for Hafner . Santana walked . Duncan walked , Phelps to third , Santana to second . Hannahan hit sacrifice fly to right , Phelps scored . LaPorta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Duncan out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Pestano pitching for Indians . Peralta homered to left ( 373 feet ) . Kelly struck out looking . Santiago grounded out to first . Jackson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Tigers . Carrera lined out to shortstop . Thome hit for Fukudome . Thome struck out swinging . Kipnis singled to right . Kipnis stole second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - Tigers 5 .	Tigers rally , but fall shy of 1st - round home field