Mariners - Top 1st. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to right center. Lopez singled to left, Suzuki to second. Ibanez flied out to right. Sexson lined into double play, third to second, Suzuki doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Ellis struck out swinging. Swisher walked. Kotsay doubled to right, Swisher to third. Chavez singled to left center, Swisher scored, Kotsay to third. Crosby struck out swinging. Payton lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Everett singled to left center. Beltre flied out to center. Everett caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Lawton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Melhuse flied out to left. Kendall grounded out to pitcher. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Johjima flied out to center. Betancourt popped out to first. Suzuki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Ellis singled to shallow left. Swisher fouled out to third. Kotsay singled to right, Ellis to second. Chavez struck out looking. Crosby safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre, Ellis scored, Kotsay to second. Payton reached on infield single to third, Kotsay to third, Crosby to second. Melhuse homered to right, Kotsay, Crosby and Payton scored. Kendall lined out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 4th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Lopez singled to shallow left. Ibanez singled to right, Lopez to third. Sexson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lopez scored, Ibanez out at second. Everett flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Johnson singled to center. Ellis struck out looking. Swisher homered to center, Johnson scored. Kotsay grounded out to first. Chavez walked. Crosby grounded into fielder's choice to third, Chavez out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Beltre grounded out to third. Lawton popped out to shortstop. Johjima grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Payton singled to center. Melhuse doubled to right, Payton to third. Woods pitching for Mariners. Kendall singled to center, Payton and Melhuse scored. Johnson struck out looking. Ellis walked, Kendall to second. Swisher fouled out to catcher. Kotsay flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Betancourt doubled to center. Suzuki singled to left center, Betancourt scored. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Suzuki out at second. Ibanez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Lopez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Scutaro ran for Chavez. Woods pitching for Mariners. Chavez singled to shallow left. Crosby flied out to center. Scutaro to second on wild pitch by Woods. Payton tripled to deep center, Scutaro scored. Melhuse struck out swinging. Kendall singled to right center, Payton scored. Scutaro at third base. Johnson grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Sexson struck out looking. Everett popped out to shortstop. Reed in center field. Petagine at first base. Bloomquist at third base. Lawton in right field. Beltre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Woods pitching for Mariners. Ellis singled to center. Swisher grounded out to third, Ellis to second. Kotsay grounded out to shortstop, Ellis to third. Calero pitching for Athletics. Scutaro popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Calero pitching for Athletics. Lawton flied out to center. Johjima singled to left. Betancourt struck out swinging. Reed singled to right, Johjima to second. Johjima to third, Reed to second on wild pitch by Calero. Flores pitching for Athletics. Lopez tripled to deep center, Johjima and Reed scored. Ibanez homered to right center, Lopez scored. Green pitching for Mariners. Petagine struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Green pitching for Mariners. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. Payton reached on infield single to third. Melhuse struck out looking. Karsay pitching for Athletics. Kendall lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Karsay pitching for Athletics. Everett grounded out to second. Bloomquist popped out to shortstop. Lawton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Athletics 12.	Melhuse's grand slam helps A's double up on M's