Mariners - Top 1st. Zito pitching for Athletics. Suzuki struck out swinging. Lopez struck out swinging. Ibanez doubled to deep left. Sexson singled to left, Ibanez tagged out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Kotsay doubled to deep right center. Kendall singled to center, Kotsay scored. Kendall caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Chavez flied out to left. Thomas flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Everett singled to left. Beltre flied out to left. Johjima lined into double play, third to first, Everett doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Crosby doubled to deep center. Swisher struck out swinging. Payton singled to right, Crosby to third. Kielty singled to left, Crosby scored, Payton to second. Scutaro safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez, Payton scored, Kielty to third. Kotsay hit sacrifice fly to center, Kielty scored. Kendall lined out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 3rd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Bloomquist walked. Bloomquist caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Betancourt flied out to center. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Chavez singled to shallow center. Thomas flied out to center. Crosby walked, Chavez to second. Swisher struck out looking. Payton singled to center, Chavez thrown out at home, Crosby to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Lopez popped out to third. Ibanez grounded out to third. Sexson doubled to deep right center. Everett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Kielty struck out swinging. Scutaro flied out to center. Kotsay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Beltre flied out to left. Johjima doubled to deep left. Bloomquist popped out to shortstop. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Kendall singled to left. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kendall out at second. Thomas walked, Chavez to second. Crosby walked, Chavez to third, Thomas to second. Swisher singled to right, Chavez scored, Thomas to third, Crosby to second. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thomas scored, Swisher out at second, Crosby to third, Crosby scored, Payton to second on throwing error by second baseman Lopez. Kielty singled to right, Payton to third, Payton thrown out at home attempting to advance on play. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 6th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to left, Suzuki to second on error by left fielder Payton. Lopez singled to right, Suzuki to third. Ibanez fouled out to third. Sexson walked, Lopez to second. Everett struck out swinging. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Suzuki out at home, Lopez to third, Sexson to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. Kotsay singled to center. Kendall grounded out to, Kotsay out at second, Kendall to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Johjima singled to center, Johjima to second on error by center fielder Kotsay. Bloomquist lined out to shortstop. Betancourt lined out to center. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Fruto pitching for Mariners. Chavez walked. Thomas walked, Chavez to second. Perez ran for Thomas. Crosby struck out swinging. Swisher flied out to right, Chavez to third. Payton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Lopez doubled to deep center. Ibanez walked. Sexson singled to right, Lopez to third, Ibanez to second. Reed hit for Beltre. Everett fouled out to third. Calero pitching for Athletics. Reed singled to right, Lopez scored, Ibanez to third, Sexson to second. Johjima hit sacrifice fly to right, Ibanez scored. Reed in center field. Bloomquist at third base. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Bloomquist grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Kielty grounded out to catcher. Scutaro walked. Kotsay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Scutaro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Street pitching for Athletics. Betancourt singled to left. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Betancourt out at second. Lopez flied out to left. Ibanez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 2 - Athletics 7.	Zito goes seven strong to lead A's to third straight