Padres - Top 1st. Meche pitching for Mariners. Roberts struck out looking. Cameron struck out swinging. Giles popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Hensley pitching for Padres. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Lopez singled to right. Ibanez struck out swinging. Sexson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Piazza singled to center. Greene lined into double play, second to first, Piazza doubled off first. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Hensley pitching for Padres. Everett flied out to center. Beltre grounded out to second. Johjima flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Castilla flied out to left. Barfield grounded out to shortstop. Bard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Hensley pitching for Padres. Reed tripled to deep right center. Betancourt grounded out to second, Reed scored. Suzuki struck out swinging. Lopez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Roberts popped out to second. Cameron grounded out to catcher. Giles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Hensley pitching for Padres. Ibanez hit ground rule double to deep left center. Sexson flied out to center. Everett singled to left center, Ibanez to third. Beltre grounded out to third, Ibanez scored, Everett to second. Johjima homered to left, Everett scored. Reed grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Piazza grounded out to third. Greene struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Hensley pitching for Padres. Betancourt singled to center. Suzuki lined out to left. Lopez tripled to deep left, Betancourt scored. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lopez out at home. Sexson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ibanez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Castilla struck out looking. Barfield flied out to right. Bard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Hensley pitching for Padres. Everett flied out to center. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Johjima fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Roberts struck out swinging. Cameron walked. Giles singled to center, Cameron to third. Piazza grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Giles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Hensley pitching for Padres. Reed doubled to center. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Betancourt singled to right center, Reed scored. Suzuki singled to right, Betancourt to third. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Betancourt out at home, Suzuki to third, Lopez to second. Ibanez intentionally walked. Sexson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ibanez out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Greene homered to left. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Castilla lined out to shortstop. Barfield safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Bard doubled to deep right, Barfield to third. Roberts singled to center, Barfield scored, Bard to third. Putz pitching for Mariners. Cameron reached on infield single to second, Bard scored, Roberts to second. Giles grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Everett flied out to center. Beltre grounded out to third. Johjima walked. Reed flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Piazza struck out swinging. Greene struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to left center. Castilla grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 3 - Mariners 6.	Another Johjima homer powers M's past Padres