Mariners - Top 1st. Koronka pitching for Rangers. Suzuki singled to center. Beltre singled to deep left, Suzuki to third, Beltre out stretching at second. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Ibanez singled to left, Suzuki scored. Sexson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Matthews Jr singled to left. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Matthews Jr out at second. Teixeira flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Koronka pitching for Rangers. Johjima struck out looking. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. Morse flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Blalock grounded out to second. Mench struck out swinging. Wilkerson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Koronka pitching for Rangers. Betancourt grounded out to second. Beltre singled to center, Suzuki to third. Lopez singled to left, Suzuki scored, Beltre to second. Ibanez homered to right, Beltre and Lopez scored. Sexson batting. Bloomquist singled to center, Johjima to second. Morse singled to left, Johjima scored, Bloomquist to second. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Betancourt singled to left, Bloomquist scored, Morse to second. Suzuki grounded out to first. 6 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. DeRosa grounded out to shortstop. Jimenez grounded out to second. Barajas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Lopez flied out to center. Ibanez walked. Sexson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Matthews Jr singled to left. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Matthews Jr out at second. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Johjima flied out to left. Bloomquist struck out looking. Morse singled to right. Betancourt fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Blalock fouled out to third. Mench doubled to left. Wilkerson walked. DeRosa singled to right, Mench to third, Wilkerson to second. Jimenez singled to right, Mench scored, Wilkerson to third, DeRosa to second. Barajas struck out swinging. Matthews Jr homered to right, Wilkerson, DeRosa and Jimenez scored. Young grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Suzuki singled to left center. Beltre struck out swinging, Suzuki stole second. Lopez fouled out to third. Ibanez intentionally walked. Sexson singled to center, Suzuki and Ibanez scored. Johjima fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Teixeira grounded out to second. Blalock grounded out to third. Mench singled to left. Bauer pitching for Mariners. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Bloomquist safe at first on error by second baseman Jimenez. Bloomquist caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Morse walked. Betancourt singled to left, Morse to second. Suzuki walked, Morse to third, Betancourt to second. Beltre singled to center, Morse and Betancourt scored, Suzuki to third. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Lopez hit sacrifice fly to left, Suzuki scored. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Ibanez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. DeRosa safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt. Jimenez struck out swinging. Barajas fouled out to third. Matthews Jr flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 8th. Sexson walked. Johjima flied out to right. Bloomquist walked, Sexson to second. Morse singled to center, Sexson scored, Bloomquist to third. Betancourt grounded out to third, Bloomquist scored, Morse to second. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Young lined out to left. Teixeira batting. Botts in left field. Laird catching. Kinsler at second base. Wilkerson in center field. DeRosa at shortstop. Jimenez at third base. Barajas at first base. Blalock lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Beltre flied out to left. Lopez singled to right. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lopez out at second. Reed in center field. Bloomquist in right field. Green pitching for Mariners. Sexson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Green pitching for Mariners. Mench singled to center. Wilkerson struck out swinging. DeRosa singled to center, Mench to second. Jimenez walked, Mench to third, DeRosa to second. Barajas struck out swinging. Botts grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 14 - Rangers 5.	Mariners bash Rangers, end six-game losing skid