Red Sox - Top 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Youkilis fouled out to first. Loretta walked. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Loretta out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki singled to center. Bloomquist singled to left, Suzuki to second. Beltre doubled to deep center, Suzuki and Bloomquist scored. Ibanez doubled to shallow left, Beltre to third. Sexson struck out swinging. Perez hit sacrifice fly to right, Beltre scored. Johjima hit by pitch. Betancourt grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Varitek struck out swinging. Lowell flied out to right. Crisp doubled to deep right center. Kapler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Jones struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Bloomquist struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Youkilis reached on infield single to shortstop. Loretta singled to left, Youkilis to third. Ortiz doubled to deep left, Youkilis scored, Loretta to third. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop, Loretta scored. Varitek doubled to deep left, Ortiz scored. Lowell popped out to catcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Beltre grounded out to third. Ibanez doubled to deep left. Sexson fouled out to right. Perez homered to left, Ibanez scored. Johjima grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Crisp doubled to third. Kapler struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Youkilis walked, Crisp stole third. Youkilis batting. Loretta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Youkilis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Betancourt lined out to center. Jones singled to center. Suzuki popped out to third. Jones stole second. Bloomquist walked. Beltre fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Ortiz doubled to right. Ramirez singled to right, Ortiz to third. Varitek grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ortiz scored, Ramirez out at second. Lowell flied out to center. Crisp struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Ibanez flied out to left. Sexson struck out swinging. Perez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Kapler popped out to first. Gonzalez walked. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Youkilis singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Loretta singled to left center, Gonzalez scored, Youkilis to second. Ortiz singled to center, Youkilis scored, Loretta to second, Loretta to third on error by center fielder Jones. Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to left, Loretta scored. Varitek grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Hansen pitching for Red Sox. Johjima singled to shallow left. Betancourt lined out to shortstop. Jones singled to center, Johjima to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Johjima out at third, Jones to second. Bloomquist walked, Jones to third, Suzuki to second. Beltre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Lowell grounded out to shortstop. Crisp flied out to right. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Kapler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Ibanez struck out swinging. Sexson singled to left. Perez struck out swinging. Johjima doubled to left center, Sexson scored. Betancourt singled to left center, Johjima scored. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Jones struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Youkilis walked. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Loretta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Youkilis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki grounded out to third. Bloomquist lined out to shortstop. Beltre inside-the-park home run to deep center. Putz pitching for Mariners. Ibanez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ramirez struck out swinging. Varitek homered to right. Lowell flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Sexson homered to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 8 - Mariners 9.	HR happy: Beltre legs it out, Sexson walks off in M's win