Mariners - Top 1st. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Suzuki struck out swinging. Lopez flied out to right. Beltre flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Meche pitching for Mariners. Roberts homered to right. Fahey grounded out to shortstop. Mora homered to left. Tejada struck out looking. Gibbons popped out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Ibanez flied out to left. Sexson grounded out to third. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Conine singled to center. Patterson struck out looking. Hernandez struck out looking. Markakis walked, Conine to second. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Johjima grounded out to third. Betancourt grounded out to third. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Fahey walked. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fahey out at second. Tejada singled to center, Mora to third. Gibbons singled to right, Mora scored, Tejada to second. Conine grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gibbons out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Suzuki flied out to left. Lopez singled to center. Beltre grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Patterson bunt grounded out to first. Hernandez struck out swinging. Markakis lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Ibanez flied out to left. Sexson struck out swinging. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Roberts reached on infield single to second. Fahey sacrificed to third, Roberts to second. Mora walked. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to first, Mora out at second, Roberts to third. Gibbons struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Johjima grounded out to third. Betancourt singled to left center. Jones singled to center, Betancourt to second. Suzuki lined out to left. Lopez singled to left, Betancourt scored, Jones to second. Beltre walked, Jones to third, Lopez to second. Ibanez singled to right center, Jones and Lopez scored, Beltre to third. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Sexson grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Conine fouled out to catcher. Patterson struck out swinging. Hernandez grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Perez singled to left, Perez to second on error by left fielder Fahey. Manon pitching for Orioles. Johjima singled to right center, Perez scored. Betancourt doubled to left, Johjima to third. Jones struck out swinging. Suzuki intentionally walked. Lopez popped out to third. Beltre safe at first on error by third baseman Mora, Johjima scored, Betancourt to third, Suzuki to second. Ibanez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Markakis homered to left center. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Roberts batting. 1 Run, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Sexson homered to right center. Perez walked. Johjima homered to left, Perez scored. Betancourt doubled to deep center. Jones grounded out to shortstop, Betancourt to third. Suzuki grounded out to first. Lopez singled to left center, Betancourt scored. Fruto pitching for Mariners. Beltre struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Fruto pitching for Mariners. Tejada walked. Gibbons flied out to center. Tejada to second on wild pitch by Fruto. Conine grounded out to second, Tejada to third. Patterson singled to deep right, Tejada scored. Patterson to second on fielder's indifference, Patterson to third on wild pitch by Fruto. Hernandez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Ibanez hit ground rule double to deep left center. Ibanez to third on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Sexson hit sacrifice fly to right, Ibanez scored. Perez fouled out to catcher. Woods pitching for Mariners. Johjima fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Woods pitching for Mariners. Markakis singled to center. Tatis hit for Fahey. Roberts fouled out to first. Tatis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 10 - Orioles 5.	Mariners overcome three-run deficit, rally late to beat Orioles