Mariners - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Suzuki flied out to center. Lopez singled to center. Beltre lined out to center. Ibanez singled to right, Lopez to third. Sexson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Figgins walked. Izturis doubled to right, Figgins to third. Cabrera grounded out to second, Figgins scored, Izturis to third. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop, Izturis scored. Rivera struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Johjima flied out to right. Broussard singled to left. Betancourt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Broussard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Anderson singled to center. Quinlan singled to left, Anderson to second. Kendrick grounded out to pitcher, Anderson to third, Quinlan to second. Napoli grounded out to second, Anderson scored, Quinlan to third. Figgins grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Jones struck out swinging. Suzuki fouled out to left. Lopez singled to left. Beltre reached on infield single to second, Lopez to third. Ibanez walked, Beltre to second. Sexson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera flied out to center. Guerrero struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Johjima struck out swinging. Broussard singled to center. Betancourt struck out swinging, Broussard to second on wild pitch by Lackey. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Rivera doubled to deep left. Anderson grounded out to second, Rivera to third. Quinlan popped out to first. Kendrick tripled to deep right, Rivera scored. Napoli grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Suzuki singled to left. Lopez struck out swinging. Suzuki stole second, Suzuki safe at third on throwing error by catcher Napoli. Beltre singled to deep left, Suzuki scored, Beltre to third on error by left fielder Rivera. Ibanez doubled to deep center, Beltre scored. Sexson doubled to deep left, Ibanez scored. Johjima grounded out to third. Broussard homered to center, Sexson scored. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Betancourt doubled to left. Jones fouled out to first. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. Izturis grounded out to third. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Suzuki reached on bunt single to first, Suzuki to second on throwing error by first baseman Quinlan. Lopez sacrificed to first, Suzuki to third. Beltre grounded out to third. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 6th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Guerrero doubled to deep right. Rivera popped out to first. Anderson singled to right, Guerrero scored. Quinlan flied out to right. Kendrick safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt, Anderson to second. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Napoli singled to center, Anderson scored, Kendrick to third, Napoli to second advancing on throw. Figgins flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 7th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Sexson singled to right. Johjima grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sexson out at second. Broussard flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Izturis homered to right center. Cabrera grounded out to third. Guerrero grounded out to third. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Rivera doubled to left. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Anderson doubled to right, Rivera scored. Quinlan tripled to deep right, Anderson scored. Kendrick fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Snelling hit for Jones. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Betancourt flied out to center. Snelling tripled to deep right. Shields pitching for Angels. Suzuki walked. Suzuki in center field. Snelling in right field. Putz pitching for Mariners. Lopez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Napoli flied out to center. Figgins struck out swinging. Izturis singled to center. Cabrera singled to center, Izturis to second. Guerrero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Shields pitching for Angels. Beltre singled to left. Ibanez safe at first on error by right fielder Guerrero, Beltre to second. Sexson struck out swinging. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Johjima singled to center, Beltre scored, Ibanez to third. Broussard doubled to deep right, Ibanez scored, Johjima to third. Betancourt struck out swinging. Snelling struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - Angels 9.	M's lose 10th straight, 19 in a row vs. AL West rivals