Yankees - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Damon grounded out to second. Jeter grounded out to second. Abreu singled to center. Giambi walked, Abreu to second. Posada walked, Abreu to third, Giambi to second. Cano singled to center, Abreu and Giambi scored, Posada to third. Cabrera grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Wang pitching for Yankees. Suzuki grounded out to second. Snelling singled to right. Beltre struck out swinging. Sexson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Snelling out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Wilson struck out swinging. Green singled to center. Damon singled to right, Green to second. Jeter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Damon out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Ibanez flied out to left. Lopez grounded out to second. Broussard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Abreu grounded out to second. Giambi struck out swinging. Posada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Wang pitching for Yankees. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Rivera struck out swinging. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Cano walked. Cabrera singled to center, Cano to second. Wilson struck out swinging. Green singled to right, Cano to third, Cabrera to second. Damon singled to right center, Cano and Cabrera scored, Green to third, Damon to second on throwing error by right fielder Snelling. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Green out at home, Damon to third. Abreu walked, Jeter to second. Giambi hit ground rule double to right, Damon and Jeter scored, Abreu to third. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Posada reached on infield single to second, Abreu scored, Giambi to third. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Posada out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Snelling flied out to left. Beltre struck out swinging. Sexson doubled to deep right center. Ibanez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Cabrera grounded out to second. Wilson singled to left. Green flied out to left. Damon flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop. Broussard grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lopez out at second. Betancourt lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Abreu walked. Giambi walked. Posada struck out swinging. Cano grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Rivera grounded out to second. Suzuki grounded out to second. Snelling struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Cabrera grounded out to second. Wilson popped out to shortstop. Green singled to left. Damon popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Wang pitching for Yankees. Bloomquist popped out to second. Sexson reached on infield single to third, Sexson to second on throwing error by third baseman Green. Ibanez grounded out to first, Sexson to third. Lopez reached on infield single to second, Sexson scored. Broussard singled to center, Lopez to second. Johjima hit for Rivera. Betancourt singled to center, Lopez scored, Broussard to second. Johjima catching. Johjima grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betancourt out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 8th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Jeter singled to right. Abreu doubled to deep right, Jeter to third. Giambi intentionally walked. Posada hit sacrifice fly to left, Jeter scored. Cano doubled to left, Abreu scored, Giambi to third. Cabrera intentionally walked. Wilson struck out swinging. Myers pitching for Yankees. Green struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Bohn hit for Snelling. Suzuki struck out swinging. Bohn struck out swinging. Bohn in right field. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Damon lined out to center. Jeter grounded out to third. Dotel pitching for Yankees. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Dotel pitching for Yankees. Sexson flied out to right. Ibanez walked. Lopez struck out swinging. Ibanez to second on fielder's indifference. Broussard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 9 - Mariners 2.	Yanks bounce back, trounce M's behind Wang's outing