Mariners - Top 1st. Redman pitching for Royals. Suzuki singled to center. Beltre grounded out to third, Suzuki to second. Johjima singled to left, Suzuki scored. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Johjima out at second. Sexson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ibanez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. DeJesus singled to center. German struck out swinging. Grudzielanek grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, DeJesus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Redman pitching for Royals. Perez singled to center. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Perez out at second. Morse singled to center, Lopez to second. Bloomquist grounded into double play, third to second to first, Morse out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Sweeney grounded out to second. Shealy flied out to right. Costa grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Redman pitching for Royals. Suzuki singled to left. Beltre hit by pitch. Johjima struck out looking, Suzuki stole third, Beltre stole second. Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to center, Suzuki scored. Sexson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Bako grounded out to second. Berroa walked. Gathright homered to left center, Berroa scored. DeJesus grounded out to pitcher. German grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Redman pitching for Royals. Perez struck out swinging. Lopez walked. Morse grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Grudzielanek singled to center. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to second, Grudzielanek out at second. Shealy hit by pitch, Sweeney to second. Costa tripled to right, Sweeney and Shealy scored. Bako struck out swinging. Berroa singled to right, Costa scored. Gathright reached on infield single to pitcher, Berroa to second. DeJesus doubled to deep right, Berroa and Gathright scored, DeJesus to third advancing on throw. German grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Redman pitching for Royals. Bloomquist lined out to left. Suzuki flied out to center. Beltre reached on infield single to second. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Johjima grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltre out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Grudzielanek lined out to pitcher. Sweeney flied out to center. Shealy walked. Costa flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Redman pitching for Royals. Ibanez flied out to center. Sexson flied out to center. Perez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Bako grounded out to pitcher. Berroa struck out swinging. Gathright lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Redman pitching for Royals. Lopez struck out swinging. Morse reached on infield single to third. Bloomquist bunt grounded out to catcher, Morse to second. Suzuki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. DeJesus grounded out to first. German reached on infield single to second. Grudzielanek lined out to right. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, German out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Redman pitching for Royals. Beltre safe at first on error by second baseman Grudzielanek. Johjima walked, Beltre to second. Ibanez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Johjima out at second, Beltre to third. Sexson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Shealy struck out looking. Costa flied out to left. Bako safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez. Berroa lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. Redman pitching for Royals. Perez fouled out to first. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop. Morse doubled to deep center, Lopez scored. Bloomquist popped out to first. Nelson pitching for Royals. Suzuki doubled to left, Morse scored. Beltre struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 4 - Royals 7.	Ichiro breaks record, extends another in loss to Royals