Mariners - Top 1st. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Suzuki singled to right center. Beltre lined out to second. Johjima grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suzuki out at second. Ibanez batting. Sexson batting. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Meche pitching for Mariners. Podsednik struck out swinging. Iguchi safe at second on error by first baseman Sexson. Dye grounded out to second, Iguchi to third. Thome singled to center, Iguchi scored. Konerko flied out to center. 1 Run, 11 Hits, 3 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Ibanez singled to right. Ibanez to second on wild pitch by Contreras. Sexson homered to center, Ibanez scored. Broussard singled to left. Lopez struck out swinging. Snelling singled to center, Broussard to third, Snelling to second advancing on throw. Bloomquist singled to center, Broussard scored, Snelling to third. Suzuki singled to right center, Snelling and Bloomquist scored. Suzuki stole second. Beltre struck out swinging. Johjima safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Konerko, Suzuki scored. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 50 Hits, 3 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Pierzynski doubled to deep right. Fields grounded out to second, Pierzynski to third. Uribe hit sacrifice fly to right, Pierzynski scored. Anderson fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Sexson homered to left. Broussard lined out to second. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Snelling walked. Bloomquist struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 15 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Podsednik grounded out to second. Iguchi struck out looking. Dye walked. Thome struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Beltre grounded out to third. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Sexson singled to left. Broussard singled to right, Sexson to second. Lopez walked, Sexson to third, Broussard to second. Snelling struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 9 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Fields walked. Uribe homered to left, Fields scored. Anderson struck out looking. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Lopez singled to center. Snelling sacrificed to third, Lopez to second. Bloomquist struck out looking. Suzuki intentionally walked. Hermanson pitching for White Sox. Hermanson pitching for White Sox. Beltre struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Podsednik doubled to deep left center. Iguchi lined out to right. Dye singled to right, Podsednik scored. Thome walked, Dye to second. Konerko doubled to deep right, Dye scored, Thome to third. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Pierzynski popped out to catcher. Fruto pitching for Mariners. Fields grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Hermanson pitching for White Sox. Johjima hit by pitch. Ibanez flied out to left. Sexson struck out swinging. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Broussard doubled to left center, Johjima scored. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Fruto pitching for Mariners. Uribe struck out looking. Anderson flied out to left. Podsednik grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Snelling struck out swinging. Bloomquist flied out to right. Suzuki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Fruto pitching for Mariners. Iguchi flied out to center. Dye struck out swinging. Thome walked. Crede hit for Pierzynski. Konerko hit by pitch, Thome to second. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Alomar Jr catching. Crede grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Konerko out at second, Thome to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Riske pitching for White Sox. Beltre singled to center. Johjima grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beltre out at second, Johjima to second on throwing error by second baseman Iguchi. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Ibanez grounded out to second, Johjima to third. Sexson intentionally walked. Broussard hit by pitch, Sexson to second. Lopez singled to center, Johjima and Sexson scored, Broussard to third. Haeger pitching for White Sox. Bohn hit for Snelling. Bohn in right field. Bohn struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Bohn in right field. Huber pitching for Mariners. Fields grounded out to third. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Haeger pitching for White Sox. Bloomquist walked. Suzuki struck out looking. Bloomquist stole second. Beltre walked. Johjima popped out to second. Ibanez singled to right, Bloomquist scored, Beltre to second. Putz pitching for Mariners. Sexson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Podsednik struck out looking. Iguchi grounded out to second. Dye struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 11 - White Sox 6.	Sexson's bombs help M's sink White Sox's playoff hopes