Twins - Top 1st . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Span doubled to deep right . Dozier flied out to center . Mauer flied out to left . Willingham homered to left ( 420 feet ) , Span scored . Morneau popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Diamond pitching for Twins . Hart singled to left center . Hart to second on wild pitch by Diamond . Aoki singled to left , Hart to third . Braun grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hart scored , Aoki out at second . Ramirez grounded out to first , Braun to second . Lucroy walked . Braun stole third , Lucroy stole second . Weeks grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Plouffe struck out looking . Casilla walked . Carroll flied out to right . Diamond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Ishikawa flied out to left . Izturis struck out looking . Estrada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Span flied out to right . Dozier flied out to right . Mauer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Hart doubled to deep left . Aoki doubled to deep left center , Hart scored . Braun reached on infield single to third . Braun caught stealing second , catcher to second , Aoki to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Aoki out at home . Lucroy flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Willingham struck out looking . Morneau singled to left . Plouffe popped out to second . Casilla grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Weeks reached on infield single to shortstop . Ishikawa grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Weeks out at second . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Carroll flied out to left . Diamond singled to right . Span singled to right , Diamond to second . Dozier struck out swinging . Mauer doubled to deep center , Diamond and Span scored . Willingham lined out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Conrad hit for Estrada . Diamond pitching for Twins . Conrad struck out swinging . Hart struck out swinging . Aoki grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Parra pitching for Brewers . Morneau struck out swinging , Morneau to first on throwing error by catcher Lucroy . Plouffe flied out to center . Casilla safe at first on error by first baseman Ishikawa , Morneau to third . Casilla stole second . Carroll walked . Diamond struck out looking . Span singled to left , Morneau and Casilla scored , Carroll to second , Carroll to third , Span to second on throwing error by left fielder Braun . Dillard pitching for Brewers . Dozier struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 3 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Braun homered to center ( 436 feet ) . Ramirez grounded out to third . Lucroy doubled to deep right center . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Weeks grounded out to second , Lucroy to third . Ishikawa fouled out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Veras pitching for Brewers . Mauer singled to center . Willingham singled to left center , Mauer to third . Morneau hit sacrifice fly to left , Mauer scored . Plouffe flied out to center . Casilla singled to right , Willingham to second . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Casilla out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Izturis grounded out to second . Morgan hit for Veras . Morgan flied out to center . Hart struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Chulk pitching for Brewers . Revere hit for Swarzak . Revere tripled to deep right . Span singled to shallow right , Revere scored . Dozier singled to left , Span to second . Mauer doubled to left , Span scored , Dozier to third . Willingham struck out swinging . Morneau singled to left , Dozier and Mauer scored . Plouffe struck out looking . Casilla grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Revere in center field . Aoki grounded out to second . Braun singled to right . Ramirez lined into double play , second to first , Braun doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Axford pitching for Brewers . Carroll grounded out to pitcher . Revere safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Izturis . Komatsu hit for Burnett . Komatsu singled to left , Revere to second . Dozier grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Komatsu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Lucroy flied out to right . Weeks walked . Ishikawa reached on infield single to first , Weeks to second . Izturis singled to right , Weeks to third , Ishikawa to second . Maysonet hit for Axford . Maysonet struck out swinging . Hart grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 11 - Brewers 3 .	Diamond wins again as Twins rough up Brewers