Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Bloomquist grounded out to third . Hill hit ground rule double to deep left . Upton struck out looking . Kubel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Aoki singled to center . Morgan singled to center , Aoki to second . Braun flied out to right , Aoki to third . Ramirez grounded out to third , Aoki scored , Morgan to second . Hart grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right . Young flied out to center . Roberts struck out looking . Blanco hit ground rule double to right , Goldschmidt scored . Kennedy grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks fouled out to second . Kottaras grounded out to catcher . Izturis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Bloomquist doubled to deep right . Hill singled to center , Bloomquist to third . Hill stole second . Upton reached on infield single to second , Bloomquist scored , Hill to third . Kubel singled to right , Hill scored , Upton to second . Goldschmidt homered to right center ( 417 feet ) , Upton and Kubel scored . Young struck out looking . Roberts grounded out to second . Blanco grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Wolf grounded out to first . Aoki hit by pitch . Morgan singled to left , Aoki to second . Braun flied out to right , Aoki to third . Ramirez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Kennedy struck out looking . Bloomquist safe at first on error by second baseman Weeks . Hill homered to left ( 374 feet ) , Bloomquist scored . Upton flied out to left . Kubel struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Hart struck out looking . Weeks struck out looking . Kottaras struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Dillard pitching for Brewers . Goldschmidt singled to center . Young struck out looking . Roberts grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Izturis struck out swinging . Ishikawa hit for Dillard . Ishikawa struck out swinging . Aoki reached on infield single to shortstop . Morgan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Brewers . Blanco struck out swinging . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop . Bloomquist reached on infield single to shortstop . Hill tripled to deep right center , Bloomquist scored . Upton grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Braun singled to center . Ramirez lined out to second . Hart grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Braun out at second . Weeks safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Kennedy , Hart to second . Kottaras walked , Hart to third , Weeks to second . Izturis doubled to deep right , Hart and Weeks scored , Kottaras to third . Green hit for Hernandez . Green flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Veras pitching for Brewers . Kubel singled to center . Goldschmidt walked , Kubel to second . Young struck out swinging . Roberts flied out to right . Blanco grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Aoki struck out swinging . Morgan flied out to left . Braun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Loe pitching for Brewers . Parra hit for Kennedy . Parra flied out to left . Bloomquist flied out to center . Hill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Hart grounded out to second . Weeks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Parra pitching for Brewers . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Kubel flied out to left . Goldschmidt hit ground rule double to left . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks . Maldonado hit for Kottaras . Maldonado struck out swinging . Izturis reached on infield single to shortstop . Gomez hit for Parra . Gomez struck out looking . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 9 - Brewers 3 .	D - backs ' Hill hits for 2nd cycle of year