Marlins - Top 1st . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Reyes flied out to center . Solano doubled to deep right center . Dobbs struck out swinging . Morrison homered to right center ( 414 feet ) , Solano scored . Ruggiano fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Gomez popped out to shortstop . Aoki struck out swinging . Braun safe at first on error by third baseman Solano . Ramirez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 2nd . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Infante grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez grounded out to third . Buck struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Hart singled to left . Hart picked off first . Weeks singled to center . Ransom singled to left , Weeks to second . Maldonado grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Ransom out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Sanchez struck out bunting foul . Reyes popped out to shortstop . Solano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Estrada doubled to deep left center . Gomez reached on infield single to shortstop , Estrada to third . Aoki singled to left center , Estrada scored , Gomez thrown out at third . Braun singled to left , Aoki to second . Ramirez doubled to deep center , Aoki and Braun scored . Hart struck out swinging . Weeks struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Dobbs singled to left . Morrison lined out to left . Dobbs stole second . Ruggiano struck out swinging . Infante grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Ransom fouled out to first . Maldonado lined out to left . Estrada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Sanchez flied out to center . Buck struck out swinging . Sanchez bunt grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Gomez singled to center . Aoki popped out to third . Gomez stole second . Braun struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Reyes flied out to left . Solano reached on infield single to third . Dobbs struck out swinging . Morrison flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Hart homered to left center ( 393 feet ) . Weeks doubled to left . Ransom walked . Gaudin pitching for Marlins . Maldonado sacrificed to pitcher , Weeks to third , Ransom to second . Ishikawa hit for Estrada . Ishikawa intentionally walked . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Weeks scored , Ransom to third , Ishikawa safe at second on error by shortstop Reyes . Aoki hit sacrifice fly to right , Ransom scored , Ishikawa to third , Gomez to second . Braun homered to center ( 423 feet ) , Ishikawa and Gomez scored . Ramirez flied out to center . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 7th . Veras pitching for Brewers . Ruggiano homered to left ( 419 feet ) . Infante flied out to center . Sanchez singled to shallow center . Buck walked , Sanchez to second . Kearns hit for Gaudin . Kearns hit by pitch , Sanchez to third , Buck to second . Reyes singled to center , Sanchez scored , Buck to third , Kearns to second . Parra pitching for Brewers . Solano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Buck scored , Reyes out at second , Kearns to third . Dobbs grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Marlins . Hart hit ground rule double to deep center . Weeks singled to center , Hart scored , Weeks to second advancing on throw . Ransom struck out swinging . Maldonado singled to shallow left , Weeks scored . LeBlanc pitching for Marlins . Green hit for Parra . Green flied out to center . Gomez flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Loe pitching for Brewers . Morrison doubled to deep center . Ruggiano doubled to deep right , Morrison to third . Infante singled to center , Morrison and Ruggiano scored . Sanchez grounded out to third , Infante to second . Buck homered to right center ( 398 feet ) , Infante scored . Rodriguez pitching for Brewers . Cousins hit for LeBlanc . Cousins homered to right ( 382 feet ) . Reyes doubled to deep right . Solano walked . Dobbs hit sacrifice fly to center , Reyes scored . Morrison flied out to center . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Choate pitching for Marlins . Ruggiano in right field . Cousins in center field . Aoki struck out swinging . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Braun grounded out to second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Axford pitching for Brewers . Ruggiano walked . Infante grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ruggiano out at second . Sanchez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Hart grounded out to shortstop . Weeks grounded out to second . Ransom singled to center . Maldonado safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Reyes , Ransom to third . Solano in left field . Ramirez at third base . Morrison at first base . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Kottaras hit for Axford . Maldonado to second on fielder 's indifference . Kottaras popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 10th . Hernandez pitching for Brewers . Buck struck out swinging . Cousins flied out to center . Reyes homered to right center ( 421 feet ) . Solano struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 10th . Bell pitching for Marlins . Gomez walked . Aoki flied out to center . Braun struck out swinging , Gomez stole second . Ramirez homered to center ( 410 feet ) , Gomez scored . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 12 - Brewers 13 .	Ramirez HR lifts Brewers by Marlins in 10th \n\n