Brewers - Top 1st . Lyles pitching for Astros . Aoki singled to center . Weeks struck out swinging . Aoki caught stealing second , catcher to second . Braun singled to left . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Braun out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Greene doubled to center . Gonzalez doubled to left , Greene scored . Pearce flied out to right , Gonzalez to third . Maxwell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at home . Moore walked . Francisco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moore out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Lyles pitching for Astros . Hart bunt grounded out to pitcher . Maldonado struck out swinging . Gomez reached on infield single to second . Segura singled to left , Gomez to second . Gallardo singled to right , Gomez scored , Segura to third . Aoki grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Martinez grounded out to second . Snyder struck out swinging . Lyles singled to center . Greene flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Lyles pitching for Astros . Weeks struck out swinging . Braun grounded out to third . Ramirez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Pearce struck out looking . Maxwell struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Lyles pitching for Astros . Hart grounded out to first . Maldonado grounded out to third . Gomez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Moore struck out looking . Francisco struck out looking . Martinez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Lyles pitching for Astros . Segura reached on infield single to shortstop . Gallardo sacrificed to catcher , Segura to second . Aoki safe at first on error by shortstop Gonzalez , Segura to third . Aoki stole second . Weeks grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Segura scored , Aoki to third . Braun grounded out to shortstop , Aoki scored , Weeks to second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 5th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Snyder reached on infield single to second . Lyles sacrificed to first , Snyder to second . Greene singled to center , Snyder to third . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Snyder scored , Greene to second . Pearce struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Lyles pitching for Astros . Hart homered to center ( 420 feet ) . Maldonado struck out swinging . Gomez grounded out to third . Segura struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Maxwell grounded out to shortstop . Moore struck out swinging . Francisco walked . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Lyles pitching for Astros . Gallardo grounded out to shortstop . Aoki reached on infield single to shortstop . Aoki stole second . Weeks flied out to right , Aoki to third . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Snyder singled to center . Wallace hit for Lyles . Wallace grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Snyder out at second . Greene struck out swinging . Wallace out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Gonzalez batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Storey pitching for Astros . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Hart walked . Maldonado doubled to left , Hart scored , Maldonado thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Gomez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez singled to center . Pearce singled to left , Gonzalez to second . Maxwell grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pearce out at second , Gonzalez to third . Moore singled to center , Gonzalez scored . Veras pitching for Brewers . Francisco struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Storey pitching for Astros . Segura flied out to center . Ishikawa hit for Veras . Ishikawa flied out to center . Aoki grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Loe pitching for Brewers . Martinez singled to left . Snyder struck out swinging . Bogusevic hit for Storey . Bogusevic safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Loe , Martinez to second . Greene struck out swinging . Martinez to third , Bogusevic to second on wild pitch by Loe . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Brewers 5 - Astros 3 .	Brewers beat Astros , break 11 - game road skid