Brewers - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Aoki flied out to center . Weeks struck out swinging . Braun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Fiers pitching for Brewers . Jay grounded out to first . Carpenter flied out to left . Holliday walked . Craig lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez walked . Hart singled to right , Hart out at second , Ramirez to second . Lucroy singled to left , Ramirez to third . Gomez sacrificed to pitcher , Ramirez scored , Lucroy to second . Bianchi walked . Fiers singled to center , Lucroy scored , Fiers to second , Bianchi to second , Bianchi to third advancing on throw . Aoki walked . Weeks grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Fiers pitching for Brewers . Molina struck out looking . Freese doubled to deep left . Schumaker struck out swinging . Descalso singled to right , Freese scored , Descalso to second advancing on throw . Westbrook struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Braun singled to center . Ramirez singled to left , Braun to third . Hart safe at first on error by second baseman Schumaker , Braun scored , Ramirez to second . Lucroy singled to left , Ramirez to third , Hart to second . Gomez popped out to second . Bianchi grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lucroy out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Fiers pitching for Brewers . Jay grounded out to third . Carpenter singled to left center . Chambers ran for Carpenter . Holliday struck out swinging . Craig doubled to left , Chambers to third . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Chambers in right field . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Fiers grounded out to third . Aoki grounded out to second . Weeks struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Fiers pitching for Brewers . Freese grounded out to first . Schumaker flied out to center . Descalso flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Braun singled to right . Braun caught stealing second , catcher to second . Ramirez walked . Hart flied out to center . Lucroy lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Jackson hit for Westbrook . Fiers pitching for Brewers . Jackson struck out swinging . Jay reached on infield single to shortstop . Chambers grounded out to second , Jay to second . Holliday walked . Craig walked , Jay to third , Holliday to second . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Gomez reached on bunt single to third , Gomez to second on throwing error by third baseman Freese . Bianchi sacrificed to first , Gomez to third . Green hit for Fiers . Green struck out swinging . Aoki fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Brewers . Freese singled to left . Schumaker grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Freese out at second . Descalso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Weeks homered to left center ( 430 feet ) . Braun reached on infield single to second . Ramirez doubled to left , Braun to third . Hart walked . Lucroy struck out looking . Gomez struck out swinging . Bianchi grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Brewers . Anderson hit for Rosenthal . Anderson singled to right center . Jay struck out swinging , Anderson stole second . Chambers tripled to deep right , Anderson scored . Holliday struck out swinging . Craig flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Kozma at shortstop . Descalso at third base . Freeman pitching for Cardinals . Farris hit for Rodriguez . Farris lined out to right . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Henderson pitching for Brewers . Molina walked . Kozma doubled to left , Molina to third . Schumaker hit sacrifice fly to left , Molina scored . Descalso struck out swinging . Beltran hit for Freeman . Beltran popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Braun struck out swinging . Ramirez homered to left ( 401 feet ) . Hart singled to deep left . Marte pitching for Cardinals . Lucroy singled to left , Hart to second . Gomez singled to right , Hart scored , Lucroy to third . Gomez stole second . Bianchi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lucroy out at home , Gomez to third . Ishikawa hit for Henderson . Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals . Maldonado hit for Ishikawa . Maldonado struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Axford pitching for Brewers . Jay grounded out to second . Chambers walked . Holliday flied out to right . Chambers to second on fielder 's indifference . Craig struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 6 - Cardinals 3 .	Ramirez , Weeks power Brewers past Cardinals