Brewers - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Aoki struck out swinging . Weeks walked . Braun lined out to center . Ramirez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Werth fouled out to third . Harper reached on infield single to third . Zimmerman walked , Harper to second . LaRoche popped out to first . Harper stole third . Harper scored , Zimmerman safe at second on throwing error by catcher Lucroy . Desmond struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Hart homered to right ( 400 feet ) . Lucroy flied out to right . Gomez flied out to center . Segura tripled to deep right center . Estrada struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Espinosa popped out to shortstop . Bernadina out on batter 's interference to catcher . Bernadina batting . Suzuki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Aoki out on batter 's interference to catcher . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Aoki batting . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Zimmermann singled to center . Werth singled to left , Zimmermann to second . Harper flied out to left . Zimmerman struck out looking . LaRoche fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Ramirez lined out to shortstop . Hart grounded out to second . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Desmond struck out swinging . Espinosa doubled to right center . Espinosa to third on balk by Estrada . Bernadina grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Espinosa out at home . Suzuki singled to right center , Bernadina to second . Zimmermann singled to center , Bernadina scored , Suzuki to second , Suzuki to third advancing on throw . Werth doubled to center , Suzuki and Zimmermann scored . Harper walked . Werth stole third . Harper stole second . Zimmerman homered to center ( 404 feet ) , Werth and Harper scored . LaRoche fouled out to third . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Gomez flied out to right . Segura reached on infield single to second . Ishikawa hit for Estrada . Ishikawa struck out looking . Aoki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Loe pitching for Brewers . Desmond walked . Desmond stole second . Espinosa singled to left , Desmond to third , Espinosa to second advancing on throw . Bernadina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Desmond out at home , Espinosa to third . Suzuki doubled to left , Espinosa and Bernadina scored . Stinson pitching for Brewers . Zimmermann struck out swinging . Werth walked . Harper flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Weeks struck out swinging . Braun reached on infield single to shortstop . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Braun out at second . Hart flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Stinson pitching for Brewers . Zimmerman singled to center . LaRoche lined out to right . Desmond grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Lucroy walked . Gomez struck out looking . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lucroy out at second . Morgan hit for Stinson . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Maldonado hit for Morgan . Maldonado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Parra pitching for Brewers . Espinosa singled to left . Moore hit for Bernadina . Moore grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Espinosa out at second . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Moore in left field . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Aoki flied out to left . Weeks struck out swinging . Braun singled to right . Ramirez doubled to deep center , Braun scored . Hart lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Farris at second base . Schafer in left field . Bianchi at third base . Green at first base . DeRosa hit for Clippard . Parra pitching for Brewers . DeRosa walked . Werth flied out to center . Perez hit for Harper . Perez reached on infield single to first , DeRosa to second . Zimmerman singled to right , DeRosa scored , Perez to second , Perez scored , Zimmerman to second on error by right fielder Aoki . LaRoche walked . Desmond walked , Zimmerman to third , LaRoche to second . Espinosa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zimmerman scored , Desmond out at second , LaRoche to third . Moore struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Perez in center field . Storen pitching for Nationals . Tracy at first base . DeRosa at third base . Lucroy reached on infield single to shortstop . Gomez singled to right , Lucroy to second . Segura grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gomez out at second , Lucroy to third . Torrealba hit for Parra . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 2 - Nationals 12 .	Brewers misplay fly balls to spark Nats ' rout