White Sox - Top 1st. De Paula pitching for Yankees. Harris reached on bunt single to second, Harris to second on throwing error by second baseman Cairo. Valentin popped out to second. Ordonez homered to left center, Harris scored. Thomas popped out to shortstop. Lee doubled to deep left. Konerko grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Jeter grounded out to second. Williams safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Valentin. Rodriguez singled to left, Williams to second. Giambi walked, Williams to third, Rodriguez to second. Sheffield grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Williams scored, Giambi out at second, Rodriguez to third, Sheffield to first, Rodriguez scored, Sheffield to second on throwing er. Posada struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. De Paula pitching for Yankees. Crede doubled to deep center. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. Alomar Jr flied out to center, Crede to third. Harris hit ground rule double to left, Crede scored. Valentin homered to right, Harris scored. Ordonez fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Matsui flied out to center. Sierra flied out to center. Cairo popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. De Paula pitching for Yankees. Thomas walked. Lee struck out swinging. Konerko grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Thomas out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Jeter flied out to right. Williams singled to right. Rodriguez flied out to right. Giambi popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. De Paula pitching for Yankees. Crede popped out to second. Rowand grounded out to third. Alomar Jr bunt popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Posada grounded out to pitcher. Matsui flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. De Paula pitching for Yankees. Harris grounded out to pitcher. Valentin popped out to third. Ordonez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Sierra flied out to center. Cairo struck out looking. Jeter singled to right. Williams walked, Jeter to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. De Paula pitching for Yankees. Thomas flied out to right. Lee grounded out to third. Konerko lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Giambi flied out to center. Sheffield struck out looking. Posada grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. De Paula pitching for Yankees. Crede singled to center. Rowand flied out to left. Alomar Jr singled to left, Crede to second. White pitching for Yankees. Harris grounded out to second, Crede to third, Alomar Jr to second. Valentin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. Sierra flied out to center. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Cairo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Ordonez grounded out to third. Thomas singled to left center. Lee singled to left center, Thomas to second. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lee out at second, Thomas to third. Crede flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Jeter grounded out to second. Williams grounded out to pitcher. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Rodriguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Rowand doubled to deep right center. Alomar Jr sacrificed to first, Rowand to third. Harris singled to left center, Rowand scored. Valentin flied out to center, Harris to second. Ordonez doubled to first, Harris scored. Koch pitching for White Sox. Gload in left field. Thomas grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Koch pitching for White Sox. Giambi grounded out to first. Sheffield safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Koch. Posada singled to center, Sheffield scored. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Posada out at second. Sierra flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: White Sox 7 - Yankees 3.	Where's the offense? Yankees go quietly again