Royals - Top 1st. Garland pitching for White Sox. Berroa grounded out to pitcher. Beltran singled to center. Sweeney flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltran out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Uribe hit by pitch. Uribe caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Valentin singled to right. Ordonez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Valentin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Randa grounded out to third. Harvey grounded out to third. Santiago struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Thomas walked. Lee struck out looking. Thomas caught stealing second, catcher to second. Konerko walked. Crede struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Guiel flied out to right. Graffanino grounded out to shortstop. Berroa walked. Beltran flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Rowand safe at second on error by left fielder Guiel. Olivo sacrificed to catcher, Rowand to third, Olivo safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Affeldt. Olivo to first on throwing error by pitcher Affeldt. Rowand scored, Olivo to second on wild pitch by Affeldt. Uribe singled to left, Olivo scored. Valentin lined into double play, to first, Uribe doubled off first. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Sweeney fouled out to catcher. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Randa popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Thomas doubled to deep left. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Konerko grounded out to first. Crede walked. Rowand walked, Crede to second. Olivo doubled to deep right center, Thomas, Crede and Rowand scored. Uribe singled to left, Olivo scored. Valentin grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Harvey struck out swinging. Santiago flied out to center. Guiel singled to right. Camp pitching for Royals. Graffanino popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Camp pitching for Royals. Ordonez fouled out to catcher. Thomas flied out to right. Lee struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Berroa singled to shallow right. Beltran doubled to deep right, Berroa to third. Sweeney hit sacrifice fly to center, Berroa scored. Gonzalez walked, Beltran stole third. Gonzalez batting. Randa grounded into fielder's choice to first, Beltran scored, Gonzalez out at second. Harvey grounded into fielder's choice to third, Randa out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Camp pitching for Royals. Konerko grounded out to third. Crede singled to left. Rowand struck out swinging. Olivo popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Santiago homered to right. Guiel grounded out to second. Graffanino struck out swinging. Berroa singled to left center. Politte pitching for White Sox. Beltran homered to right, Berroa scored. Sweeney struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Camp pitching for Royals. Uribe singled to right. Sullivan pitching for Royals. Valentin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Uribe out at second. Ordonez singled to left, Valentin to second. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to third, Valentin out at third, Ordonez to second, Thomas to first, Ordonez to third, Thomas to second on throwing error by third baseman Randa. Lee reached on infield single to third, Ordonez scored, Thomas to third. Konerko singled to left center, Thomas scored, Lee to second. Crede struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 8th. Politte pitching for White Sox. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Randa struck out looking. Harvey doubled to deep center. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Santiago popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. Olivo singled to left. Olivo stole second. Olivo to third on wild pitch by Grimsley. Uribe struck out swinging. Koch pitching for White Sox. Valentin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Stairs hit for Graffanino. Koch pitching for White Sox. Guiel walked. Stairs grounded out to first. Berroa singled to center, Guiel scored. Beltran homered to center, Berroa scored. Sweeney homered to left. Gonzalez flied out to center. Adkins pitching for White Sox. Randa doubled to deep right center. Harvey walked. Lopez at second base. Leskanic pitching for Royals. Santiago struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Leskanic pitching for Royals. Ordonez walked. Harris ran for Thomas. Thomas safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez, Ordonez to second. Lee walked, Ordonez to third, Harris to second. Field pitching for Royals. Konerko singled to right, Ordonez scored, Harris to third, Lee to second. Crede singled to deep right, Harris scored, Lee to third, Konerko to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Royals 9 - White Sox 10.	White Sox survive this Royals rally