Mariners - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Suzuki singled to left. Winn grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suzuki out at second. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Harris bunt grounded out to first. Rowand popped out to third. Lee homered to left. Konerko homered to center. Valentin walked. Valentin caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Perez batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Boone grounded out to pitcher. Ibanez singled to left, Ibanez thrown out at second. Jacobsen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Perez doubled to right. Uribe doubled to deep center. Davis flied out to right. Borchard walked. Harris popped out to second. Rowand singled to right, Uribe scored, Borchard to second. Lee walked, Borchard to third, Rowand to second. Konerko flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Olivo flied out to center. Lopez walked. Bloomquist grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Valentin lined out to right. Perez homered to right. Uribe popped out to second. Davis singled to left. Borchard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Suzuki singled to left. Winn grounded out to pitcher, Suzuki to second. Martinez singled to center, Suzuki to third. Boone hit sacrifice fly to right, Suzuki scored. Ibanez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Harris singled to left. Rowand flied out to right. Lee popped out to shortstop. Konerko homered to right, Harris scored. Thornton pitching for Mariners. Valentin struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Jacobsen grounded out to shortstop. Olivo struck out swinging. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Thornton pitching for Mariners. Perez singled to left. Uribe flied out to right. Davis flied out to right. Borchard popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Bloomquist struck out looking. Suzuki singled to right. Winn grounded out to second, Suzuki to second. Martinez singled to left, Suzuki scored. Martinez stole second. Boone walked. Ibanez reached on infield single to shortstop, Martinez to third, Boone to second. Jacobsen grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Thornton pitching for Mariners. Harris homered to right. Rowand singled to left. Lee lined out to right. Konerko singled to center, Rowand to third. Valentin struck out swinging. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Konerko out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Olivo grounded out to shortstop. Lopez grounded out to second. Bloomquist doubled to left. Suzuki singled to center, Bloomquist scored. Winn popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Thornton pitching for Mariners. Uribe doubled to center. Davis struck out swinging. Borchard lined out to left. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Harris grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Martinez singled to center. Boone flied out to right. Ibanez lined out to third, Martinez to third on throwing error by third baseman Uribe. Jacobsen singled to left, Martinez scored. Villone pitching for Mariners. Olivo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jacobsen out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Villone pitching for Mariners. Rowand safe at first on error by third baseman Bloomquist. Lee flied out to center. Konerko walked, Rowand to second. Gload ran for Konerko. Valentin popped out to second. Gload at first base. Bajenaru pitching for White Sox. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gload out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. Bajenaru pitching for White Sox. Lopez grounded out to third. Bloomquist reached on infield single to second. Suzuki singled to left, Bloomquist to third. Winn singled to right, Bloomquist scored, Suzuki to third. Takatsu pitching for White Sox. Martinez struck out swinging. Winn to second on fielder's indifference. Boone walked. Ibanez singled to right, Suzuki and Winn scored, Boone to second, Boone thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - White Sox 8.	Gimme five: Ichiro hits keep coming in defeat