White Sox - Top 1st . Bauer pitching for Indians . Moncada singled to right center . Sánchez struck out swinging . Moncada caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Abreu singled to shallow left . Palka struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Covey pitching for White Sox . Lindor grounded out to shortstop . Brantley singled to center . Ramírez lined out to left . Brantley stole second . Brantley safe at third on throwing error by catcher Smith . Encarnación walked . Alonso lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 2nd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Smith flied out to center . Davidson doubled to right . Anderson struck out swinging . Tilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Covey pitching for White Sox . Chisenhall singled to right center . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Chisenhall safe at second on error by second baseman Moncada . Kipnis reached on bunt single to third , Chisenhall to third , Davis to second . Pérez hit ground rule double to deep right , Chisenhall and Davis scored , Kipnis to third . Lindor hit sacrifice fly to left , Kipnis scored . Brantley flied out to center , Pérez to third . Ramírez intentionally walked . Ramírez stole second . Encarnación struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Engel grounded out to first . Moncada walked . Sánchez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Moncada out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Covey pitching for White Sox . Alonso grounded out to second . Chisenhall walked . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chisenhall out at second . Kipnis singled to right , Davis scored . Pérez walked , Kipnis to second . Lindor hit by pitch , Kipnis to third , Pérez to second . Brantley flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 4th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Abreu flied out to left . Palka struck out swinging . Smith struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Ramírez walked . Encarnación grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramírez out at second . Alonso grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Encarnación out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Davidson struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to third . Tilson safe at first on error by first baseman Alonso . Engel flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Chisenhall flied out to center . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Kipnis homered to right center ( 407 feet ) . Pérez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Moncada struck out swinging . Sánchez grounded out to second . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Lindor walked . Brantley reached on infield single to third , Lindor to second . Ramírez singled to left , Lindor to third , Brantley to second . Encarnación struck out swinging . Alonso struck out swinging . Chisenhall walked , Lindor scored , Brantley to third , Ramírez to second . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Davis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Palka walked . Smith flied out to right . Davidson lined out to center . Anderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Kipnis grounded out to first . Pérez doubled to deep right center . Lindor struck out swinging . Brantley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Marshall pitching for Indians . Tilson struck out swinging . Engel hit by pitch . Moncada singled to right , Engel to second . Sánchez singled to shallow left center , Engel scored , Moncada to second . Abreu popped out to shortstop . Ramírez pitching for Indians . Palka popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Soria pitching for White Sox . Ramírez flied out to left . Encarnación grounded out to third . Alonso popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Otero pitching for Indians . Smith grounded out to shortstop . Davidson homered to right center ( 383 feet ) . Anderson struck out swinging . Tilson grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 2 - Indians 6 .	Bauer , Indians beat sliding White Sox 6 - 2