Red Sox - Top 1st. Davis pitching for Indians. Damon struck out swinging. Bellhorn walked. Ortiz flied out to center. Ramirez singled to right, Bellhorn to second. Varitek flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Lawton singled to left. Vizquel doubled to left, Lawton scored. Gerut grounded out to pitcher, Vizquel to third. Martinez singled to right, Vizquel scored. Hafner singled to center, Martinez to second. Belliard struck out swinging. Broussard walked, Martinez to third, Hafner to second. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Broussard out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Davis pitching for Indians. Daubach grounded out to second. McCarty grounded out to shortstop. Mueller singled to left center. Reese grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mueller out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Escobar struck out swinging. Lawton grounded out to first. Vizquel grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Davis pitching for Indians. Damon walked. Bellhorn grounded out to second, Damon to second. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ramirez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Gerut popped out to shortstop. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. Hafner grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Davis pitching for Indians. Varitek singled to right. Daubach singled to right center, Varitek to third. McCarty grounded into double play, third to second to first, Varitek scored, Daubach out at second. Mueller grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Belliard reached on infield single to shortstop. Broussard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belliard safe at third on error by third baseman Mueller. Blake singled to center, Belliard scored, Broussard to second. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Broussard scored on throwing error by third baseman Mueller, Blake safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Mueller. Lawton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Blake scored, Escobar out at second. Vizquel walked. Gerut doubled to deep center, Vizquel scored. Martinez singled to right, Gerut scored. Hafner singled to right, Martinez to second. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hafner out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Davis pitching for Indians. Reese singled to left. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reese out at second. Bellhorn struck out looking. Ortiz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Broussard grounded out to second. Blake grounded out to third. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Davis pitching for Indians. Ramirez homered to left. Varitek grounded out to pitcher. Daubach grounded out to shortstop. McCarty grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Dinardo pitching for Red Sox. Lawton doubled to right. Vizquel grounded out to second. Gerut grounded out to first. Tadano pitching for Indians. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Tadano pitching for Indians. Mueller singled to shallow right. Reese flied out to center. Damon struck out swinging. Bellhorn grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mueller out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. DiNardo pitching for Red Sox. Hafner grounded out to second. Belliard walked. Broussard grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Belliard out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Tadano pitching for Indians. Ortiz grounded out to first. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Varitek struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Blake flied out to right. Escobar struck out swinging. Malaska pitching for Red Sox. Lawton singled to center. Vizquel singled to left, Lawton to second. Gerut flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Tadano pitching for Indians. Daubach doubled to deep right. McCarty walked. Kapler hit for Reese. Mueller grounded out to second, Daubach to third, McCarty to second. Kapler singled to left, Daubach scored, McCarty to third. Stewart pitching for Indians. Damon homered to right, McCarty and Kapler scored. Bellhorn singled to center. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Ortiz grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bellhorn out at second. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Ramirez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 6 - Indians 7.	BoSox continue to stink up May