Royals - Top 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Berroa reached on infield single to third. Beltran grounded out to shortstop, Berroa to second. Berroa stole third. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop, Berroa scored. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Damon flied out to center. Bellhorn grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Stairs grounded out to second. Randa grounded out to third. Harvey grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Ramirez singled to right. Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Affeldt. Millar walked. Kapler flied out to center. Mirabelli flied out to right, Ramirez to third. Mueller flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Santiago grounded out to pitcher. Relaford singled to center. Berroa flied out to left. Beltran singled to right, Relaford to third. Relaford scored, Beltran caught stealing first, Beltran safe at first on error by Bellhorn. Beltran stole second. Sweeney walked. Gonzalez singled to left, Beltran to third, Sweeney to second. Stairs grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Reese grounded out to third. Damon homered to right. Bellhorn singled to right center. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ramirez singled to left, Bellhorn to second. Millar doubled to left, Bellhorn scored, Ramirez to third. Kapler grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Randa grounded out to shortstop. Harvey hit by pitch. Santiago fouled out to catcher. Relaford flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Mirabelli singled to right. Mueller grounded into double play, third to second to first, Mirabelli out at second. Reese grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Berroa singled to left. Beltran flied out to left. Sweeney singled to center, Berroa to third. Gonzalez singled to left, Berroa scored, Sweeney to second. Stairs doubled to right, Sweeney scored, Gonzalez to third. Randa reached on infield single to third, Gonzalez scored, Stairs scored, Randa to second on throwing error by third baseman Mueller. Harvey walked. Santiago grounded into double play, third to second to first, Harvey out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Damon grounded out to second. Bellhorn hit by pitch. Ortiz grounded out to second, Bellhorn to second. Ramirez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Relaford struck out swinging. Berroa popped out to first. Beltran flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Millar singled to left. Kapler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Millar out at second. Mirabelli struck out looking. Mueller grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Sweeney flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Stairs hit by pitch. Randa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stairs out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Reese flied out to right. Damon doubled to right. Bellhorn struck out looking. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Harvey struck out swinging. Santiago grounded out to shortstop. Relaford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Ramirez singled to center. Millar flied out to right. Kapler singled to center, Ramirez to second. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Mirabelli singled to left, Ramirez scored, Kapler to third, Kapler scored on throwing error by left fielder Stairs. Daubach hit for Reese. Mueller lined out to left. Crespo at shortstop. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Daubach struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 9th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Berroa struck out swinging. Beltran grounded out to first. MacDougal pitching for Royals. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Sweeney flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Damon walked. Damon to second on passed ball by Santiago. Bellhorn homered to right, Damon scored. Ortiz struck out swinging. Sullivan pitching for Royals. Ramirez walked. Varitek hit for Kapler. Millar popped out to second. Varitek doubled to deep right, Ramirez scored. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 6 - Red Sox 7.	Red Sox rally, beat Royals