Red Sox - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Damon walked. Bellhorn struck out looking. Ortiz walked, Damon to second. Ramirez struck out looking. Daubach walked, Damon to third, Ortiz to second. Varitek struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Crawford singled to center. Baldelli grounded out to third, Crawford to second. Crawford stole third. Huff grounded out to shortstop, Crawford scored. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Millar doubled to deep right. Youkilis struck out looking. Reese flied out to right. Damon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Cruz flied out to center. Lugo struck out looking. Blum grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Bellhorn walked. Ortiz popped out to shortstop. Ramirez struck out swinging, Bellhorn caught stealing second, Ramirez second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Gomes grounded out to third. Fordyce singled to center. Crawford doubled to deep left, Fordyce to third. Baldelli singled to center, Fordyce and Crawford scored. Huff singled to center, Baldelli to third. Martinez singled to right, Baldelli scored, Huff to third. Cruz doubled to deep left center, Huff and Martinez scored. Dinardo pitching for Red Sox. Lugo doubled to deep left center, Cruz scored. Blum flied out to left. Gomes struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Daubach walked. Varitek singled to center, Daubach to second. Millar hit by pitch, Daubach to third, Varitek to second. Youkilis hit sacrifice fly to right, Daubach scored, Varitek to third. Reese walked, Millar to second. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Varitek out at home, Millar to third, Reese to second. Bellhorn walked, Millar scored, Reese to third, Damon to second. Ortiz walked, Reese scored, Damon to third, Bellhorn to second. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bellhorn out at third. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. DiNardo pitching for Red Sox. Fordyce lined out to shortstop. Crawford walked. Baldelli struck out swinging. Huff singled to right, Crawford to third. Martinez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Daubach struck out swinging. Varitek homered to right. Millar struck out swinging. Youkilis singled to right. Halama pitching for Devil Rays. Reese walked, Youkilis to second. Damon doubled to deep left center, Youkilis and Reese scored. Bellhorn walked. Ortiz flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. DiNardo pitching for Red Sox. Cruz singled to center. Lugo reached on infield single to third, Cruz to second. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Blum struck out swinging, Cruz caught stealing third. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Gomes singled to center, Lugo scored. Fordyce struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Halama pitching for Devil Rays. Ramirez struck out swinging. Daubach struck out looking. Varitek struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Crawford singled to center. Baldelli struck out swinging. Huff grounded out to second, Crawford to second. Martinez intentionally walked. Cruz hit by pitch, Crawford to third, Martinez to second. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Lugo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Millar singled to left. Youkilis fouled out to first. Reese struck out swinging. Brown pitching for Red Sox. Damon fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Brown pitching for Red Sox. Blum hit ground rule double to deep right center. Gomes popped out to second. Fordyce singled to left, Blum scored. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fordyce out at second. Crawford caught stealing second, catcher to second. Baldelli batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Bellhorn flied out to left. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Brown pitching for Red Sox. Baldelli struck out swinging. Huff singled to left center. Martinez fouled out to third. Huff stole second. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Cruz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Daubach flied out to left. Varitek hit by pitch. Millar popped out to shortstop. Youkilis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 6 - Devil Rays 9.	Rays rip into Lowe, prevent Red Sox sweep