Athletics - Top 1st. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Kotsay flied out to center. McLemore grounded out to first. Hatteberg struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Redman pitching for Athletics. Damon lined out to left. Bellhorn homered to left. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Dye struck out swinging. Durazo struck out swinging. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Redman pitching for Athletics. Garciaparra homered to center. Millar walked. Millar to second on wild pitch by Redman. Varitek doubled to right, Millar scored. Mueller singled to right, Varitek to third. Kapler popped out to second. Damon singled to left, Varitek scored, Mueller to second. Bellhorn reached on infield single to third, Mueller to third, Damon to third, Mueller and Damon scored on throwing error by third baseman McLemore. Bellhorn stole second. Ortiz grounded out to second, Bellhorn to third. Ramirez popped out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Melhuse singled to center. Byrnes popped out to second. Scutaro doubled to left, Melhuse to third. Kotsay walked. McLemore grounded into fielder's choice to second, Melhuse scored, Kotsay out at second, Scutaro to third. Hatteberg doubled to center, Scutaro scored, McLemore to third, McLemore scored, Hatteberg to third on error by left fielder Ramirez. Dye struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Redman pitching for Athletics. Garciaparra doubled to left. Millar grounded out to pitcher. Varitek flied out to center, Garciaparra to third. Mueller singled to left, Garciaparra scored. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Kapler doubled to left, Mueller to third. Damon struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Durazo grounded out to second. Crosby singled to center. Melhuse grounded into double play, third to second to first, Crosby out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Bellhorn grounded out to first. Ortiz grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Byrnes fouled out to catcher. Scutaro struck out looking. Kotsay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Garciaparra flied out to center. Millar lined out to left. Varitek struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. McLemore doubled to deep right. Hatteberg grounded out to first, McLemore to third. Dye flied out to right. Durazo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Mueller doubled to left center. Mueller to third on wild pitch by Duchscherer. Kapler walked. Damon singled to right, Mueller and Kapler scored, Damon out stretching at second. Bellhorn flied out to center. Ortiz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Crosby struck out looking. Melhuse struck out swinging. Castro at third base. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Byrnes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Ramirez homered to left. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. Millar singled to left. Varitek singled to right, Millar to second. Mueller grounded into fielder's choice to first, Varitek out at second, Millar to third. Kapler singled to right, Millar scored, Mueller to second. McCarty at first base. Reese at shortstop. Millar in left field. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Damon flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Scutaro flied out to right. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Kotsay singled to right center. Karros at first base. Lehr pitching for Athletics. Castro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kotsay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Lehr pitching for Athletics. Bellhorn grounded out to second. Ortiz safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Crosby. McCarty struck out swinging. Youkilis at third base. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Reese struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 9th. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Karros flied out to center. Dye popped out to first. Durazo hit by pitch. Crosby grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Durazo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Red Sox 11.	Martinez wins fifth straight start for Red Sox