Red Sox - Top 1st. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Damon grounded out to shortstop. Bellhorn struck out swinging. Ortiz walked. Ramirez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Roberts flied out to center. Newhan struck out swinging. Mora lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Garciaparra flied out to left. Millar fouled out to catcher. Varitek fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Palmeiro fouled out to catcher. Lopez walked. Garcia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Mueller grounded out to shortstop. Kapler singled to right center. Damon hit ground rule double to deep left center, Kapler to third. Bellhorn walked. Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to right, Kapler scored, Damon to third. Ramirez singled to center, Damon scored, Bellhorn to second. Garciaparra singled to center, Bellhorn scored, Ramirez to third. Millar doubled to left, Ramirez scored, Garciaparra to third. Varitek singled to left, Garciaparra and Millar scored. Mueller lined out to third. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Hairston Jr singled to center. Bigbie flied out to left. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hairston Jr out at second. Newhan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Roberts out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Kapler popped out to shortstop. Damon flied out to center. Bellhorn lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Mora singled to left. Tejada grounded into double play, third to second to first, Mora out at second. Palmeiro grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Ortiz hit by pitch. Ramirez singled to center, Ortiz to second. Garciaparra popped out to second. Millar popped out to shortstop. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Varitek walked, Ortiz to third, Ramirez to second. Mueller lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Lopez hit ground rule double to deep center. Garcia struck out looking. Hairston Jr popped out to first. Bigbie struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Orioles. Kapler doubled to left center. Damon grounded out to first. Bellhorn hit ground rule double to deep right, Kapler scored. Ortiz walked. Ramirez doubled to deep right, Bellhorn scored, Ortiz to third. Garciaparra intentionally walked. Millar walked, Ortiz scored, Ramirez to third, Garciaparra to second. Williams pitching for Orioles. Varitek grounded out to first, Ramirez scored, Garciaparra to third, Millar to second. McCarty at first base. Millar in left field. Mueller grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Roberts grounded out to pitcher. Newhan walked. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to third, Newhan out at second. Tejada homered to left, Mora scored. Palmeiro struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Kapler reached on infield single to third. Damon walked, Kapler to second. Bellhorn struck out swinging. Ortiz singled to right, Kapler scored, Damon to second. Gutierrez hit for Garciaparra. McCarty singled to center, Damon scored, Ortiz to second. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Ortiz to third, McCarty to second on wild pitch by Williams. Gutierrez at shortstop. Millar flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Lopez doubled to deep center. Garcia popped out to shortstop. Hairston Jr singled to center, Lopez to third. Adams pitching for Red Sox. McDonald ran for Hairston Jr. Bigbie singled to left, Lopez scored, Hairston Jr to second. Roberts walked, McDonald to third, Bigbie to second. Newhan grounded out to second, McDonald scored, Bigbie to third, Roberts to second. Mora reached on infield single to second, Bigbie scored, Roberts to third. Garcia in right field. McDonald in center field. Tejada struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Varitek grounded out to first. Mueller lined out to right. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Kapler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Palmeiro walked. Lopez struck out looking. Groom pitching for Orioles. Lopez at shortstop. Huckaby catching. Dominique hit for Damon. Garcia lined into double play, to first, Palmeiro doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Groom pitching for Orioles. Dominique fouled out to third. Youkilis hit for Ortiz. Bellhorn lined out to right. Dominique at first base. McCarty in right field. Kapler in center field. Youkilis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. Bigbie grounded out to pitcher. Roberts singled to left. Newhan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 12 - Orioles 5.	Red Sox keep rolling, pummel Orioles