Red Sox - Top 1st. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Damon singled to right. Damon caught stealing second, catcher to second to first. Youkilis struck out looking. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Sanchez struck out looking. Infante tripled to deep right. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Infante out at home. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Ramirez singled to left. Varitek walked, Ramirez to second. Millar flied out to right. Mientkiewicz struck out swinging. Mueller lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Guillen reached on bunt single to catcher. Guillen stole second. White grounded out to second, Guillen to third. Pena struck out looking. Higginson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. McCarty reached on infield single to third. Damon popped out to second. Youkilis flied out to right. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCarty out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Munson grounded out to second. Sanchez bunt grounded out to pitcher. Infante walked. Infante stole second. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Ramirez popped out to shortstop. Varitek tripled to deep center. Millar singled to center, Varitek scored. Mientkiewicz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Millar out at second. Mueller doubled to deep left, Mientkiewicz thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Young singled to right. Guillen singled to right, Young to second. White reached on infield single to shortstop, Young to third, Guillen to second. Pena singled to right, Young and Guillen scored, White to third. Higginson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, White scored, Pena out at second. Munson grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. McCarty reached on infield single to shortstop. Damon popped out to second. Youkilis walked, McCarty to second. Cabrera popped out to second. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCarty out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Sanchez grounded out to second. Infante grounded out to third. Rodriguez popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Varitek homered to left. Millar flied out to left. Mientkiewicz grounded out to shortstop. Mueller singled to left. McCarty singled to center, Mueller to second. Novoa pitching for Tigers. Damon walked, Mueller to third, McCarty to second. Youkilis walked, Mueller scored, McCarty to third, Damon to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Young doubled to left. Guillen singled to center, Young scored. White flied out to right. Pena grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Guillen out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Novoa pitching for Tigers. Ramirez struck out swinging. Varitek struck out swinging. Millar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Higginson grounded out to first. Munson walked. Inge ran for Munson. Sanchez grounded out to second, Inge to second. Infante reached on infield single to shortstop, Inge to third. Inge at third base. Walker pitching for Tigers. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Walker pitching for Tigers. Mientkiewicz grounded out to second. Mueller popped out to shortstop. Adams pitching for Red Sox. McCarty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Adams pitching for Red Sox. Young singled to left center. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to first, Young out at second. Myers pitching for Red Sox. White lined out to left. Guillen caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Pena batting. Urbina pitching for Tigers. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Urbina pitching for Tigers. Damon grounded out to second. Youkilis popped out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 3 - Tigers 4.	Sagging BoSox: Tigers get big hits, snap streak