Dodgers - Top 1st . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández homered to left ( 395 feet ) . Taylor grounded out to third . Turner grounded out to third . Puig struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Pollock struck out swinging . Peralta doubled to deep center . Goldschmidt popped out to shortstop . Lamb homered to right ( 425 feet ) , Peralta scored . Tomás homered to right ( 365 feet ) . Descalso walked . Owings struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Van Slyke struck out looking . Pederson struck out looking . Barnes doubled to left center . Eibner reached on infield single to shortstop , Barnes to third . Maeda grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Herrmann struck out swinging . Ray singled to right center . Pollock doubled to right center , Ray to third . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ray out at home , Pollock to third . Goldschmidt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández walked . Taylor singled to left , Hernández to second . Turner singled to right , Hernández scored , Taylor to second . Puig grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Turner out at second , Taylor to third . Van Slyke flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Lamb struck out swinging . Tomás grounded out to third . Descalso flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson struck out swinging . Barnes walked . Eibner struck out looking . Maeda flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Owings singled to left . Herrmann homered to right ( 391 feet ) , Owings scored . Ray struck out swinging . Pollock flied out to right . Peralta doubled to deep center . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández grounded out to third . Taylor singled to left . Turner grounded into double play , third to second to first , Taylor out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Lamb flied out to left . Tomás homered to left ( 393 feet ) . Descalso popped out to shortstop . Owings grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Puig singled to center . Van Slyke singled to left , Puig to second . Pederson struck out swinging . Barnes doubled to deep right , Puig scored , Van Slyke to third . Wilhelmsen pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager hit for Eibner . Seager lined out to left . Toles hit for Maeda . Toles walked . González hit for Hernández . González grounded out to shortstop . Owings at second base . Ahmed at shortstop . Taylor walked , Barnes scored , Toles to third , González to second . Turner struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Hatcher pitching for Dodgers . Seager at shortstop . Toles in left field . Herrmann grounded out to second . Ahmed grounded out to pitcher . Pollock flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Puig walked . Van Slyke struck out swinging . Mathis catching . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson flied out to left . Puig to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Barnes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Hatcher pitching for Dodgers . Peralta doubled to shallow left . Goldschmidt walked . Lamb safe at first on error by first baseman Van Slyke , Peralta to third , Goldschmidt to second . Tomás walked , Peralta scored , Goldschmidt to third , Lamb to second . Hazelbaker ran for Tomás . Mathis struck out swinging . Owings singled to shallow left center , Goldschmidt and Lamb scored , Hazelbaker to second . De La Rosa sacrificed to third , Hazelbaker to third , Owings to second . Ahmed lined out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 8th . Hazelbaker in left field . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager flied out to left . Toles grounded out to second . Utley hit for Hatcher . Utley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Pollock singled to right . Peralta doubled to center , Pollock to third . Goldschmidt singled to center , Pollock and Peralta scored . Lamb grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Goldschmidt out at second . Hazelbaker struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor struck out swinging . Turner singled to center . Puig grounded into double play , third to second to first , Turner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 5 - Diamondbacks 11 .	Tomas , Peralta power Diamondbacks past Dodgers 11 - 5