Dodgers - Top 1st . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Pederson walked . Seager homered to right center ( 425 feet ) , Pederson scored . Turner singled to center . Bellinger struck out swinging . Grandal singled to left center , Turner to third . Taylor bunted into double play , pitcher to catcher to third to shortstop to third to shortstop , Turner out at home , Grandal out at third , Grandal out at second , Taylor to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon singled to center . LeMahieu reached on bunt single to third , Blackmon to second . Arenado doubled to left , Blackmon scored , LeMahieu to third . Reynolds singled to center , LeMahieu and Arenado scored . Desmond grounded into double play , third to second to first , Reynolds out at second . González grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Utley struck out looking . Puig homered to left ( 389 feet ) . Urías struck out looking . Pederson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Valaika flied out to right . Garneau flied out to left . Senzatela struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Seager batting . Turner flied out to left . Bellinger doubled to left , Seager to third . Grandal singled to center , Seager scored , Bellinger to third . Taylor struck out swinging . Utley grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon singled to center . LeMahieu singled to right , Blackmon to second . Arenado flied out to right . LeMahieu caught stealing second , catcher to third . Reynolds grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Puig flied out to right . Urías struck out swinging . Pederson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Desmond flied out to right . González walked . Valaika homered to center ( 426 feet ) , González scored . Garneau grounded out to third . Senzatela grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 5th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Seager flied out to center . Turner grounded out to third . Bellinger walked . Grandal reached on infield single to shortstop , Bellinger to second . Taylor flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon hit by pitch . Romo pitching for Dodgers . LeMahieu lined out to third . Arenado homered to left center ( 451 feet ) , Blackmon scored . Reynolds struck out swinging . Desmond struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Utley singled to left . Puig flied out to center . Van Slyke hit for Romo . Van Slyke walked , Utley to second . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Pederson grounded out to first , Utley to third , Van Slyke to second . Seager grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Avilán pitching for Dodgers . González grounded out to second . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Valaika popped out to first . Garneau walked . Parra hit for Rusin . Parra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Turner fouled out to first . Bellinger struck out swinging . Grandal walked . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Taylor reached on infield single to second , Grandal to second . Utley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon singled to left . LeMahieu singled to center , Blackmon to second . Arenado struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded into double play , second to first , LeMahieu out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Puig singled to left center . Hernández hit for Stripling . Puig to second on passed ball by Garneau . Hernández walked . McGee pitching for Rockies . Gutierrez hit for Pederson . Gutierrez flied out to right . Seager struck out looking . Turner singled to shallow center , Puig scored , Hernández to third . Bellinger singled to left , Hernández scored , Turner to third . Grandal grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Hatcher pitching for Dodgers . Hernández in center field . Desmond singled to right . Desmond picked off first . González singled to right . Valaika homered to left ( 395 feet ) , González scored . Garneau struck out looking . Tapia hit for McGee . Tapia grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Holland pitching for Rockies . Taylor struck out swinging . Utley struck out swinging . Puig struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 6 - Rockies 9 .	Rockies pitcher gets win in memory of mother