Dodgers - Top 1st . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Forsythe singled to shallow center . Bellinger struck out swinging . Grandal lined out to center . González walked , Forsythe to second . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Fowler singled to right . Pham walked , Fowler to second . Carpenter singled to center , Fowler to third , Pham to second , Fowler scored , Pham to third on throwing error by center fielder Taylor . Carpenter to second on throwing error by pitcher Maeda . Molina singled to center , Pham and Carpenter scored . Díaz grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Molina out at second . Díaz to second on passed ball by Grandal . Peralta grounded out to third , Díaz to third advancing on throw . DeJong flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Utley tripled to deep left . Hernández popped out to second . Puig struck out swinging . Maeda lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Martínez singled to left . Wacha sacrificed to pitcher , Martínez to second , Martínez to third , Wacha safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Maeda . Fowler popped out to shortstop . Pham lined out to first . Carpenter popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Forsythe walked . Bellinger struck out swinging . Grandal singled to center , Forsythe to third . González hit sacrifice fly to left , Forsythe scored . Taylor walked , Grandal to second . Utley hit ground rule double to left , Grandal scored , Taylor to third . Hernández reached on infield single to second , Taylor scored , Utley scored on throwing error by second baseman DeJong . Puig grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hernández out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Molina flied out to center . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . Peralta walked . DeJong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Maeda grounded out to first . Forsythe singled to center . Bellinger popped out to third . Grandal lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Martínez struck out swinging . Lyons walked . Fowler grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Lyons out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . González flied out to center . Taylor singled to left . Utley hit by pitch , Taylor to second . Hernández walked , Taylor to third , Utley to second . Puig walked , Taylor scored , Utley to third , Hernández to second . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Gutierrez walked , Utley scored , Hernández to third , Puig to second . Forsythe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hernández scored , Gutierrez out at second , Puig to third . Forsythe stole second . Bellinger flied out to center . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Morrow pitching for Dodgers . Pham grounded out to shortstop . Carpenter flied out to left . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Grandal popped out to third . González lined out to left . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Romo pitching for Dodgers . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . Peralta struck out swinging . DeJong grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . Utley flied out to center . Hernández struck out swinging . Puig grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Liberatore pitching for Dodgers . Martínez struck out swinging . Garcia singled to shallow left . Fowler singled to center , Garcia to second . Pham struck out swinging . Báez pitching for Dodgers . Carpenter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Eibner struck out looking . Forsythe walked . Bellinger struck out looking . Grandal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Hatcher pitching for Dodgers . Molina homered to left ( 378 feet ) . Díaz struck out swinging . Peralta singled to left . Fryer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Peralta out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . González singled to left . Taylor singled to left , González to second . Utley singled to center , González to third , Taylor to second . Hernández hit sacrifice fly to right , González scored , Taylor to third . Puig struck out swinging . Barnes doubled to center , Taylor scored , Utley to third . Forsythe walked . Bellinger struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Martínez struck out swinging . Garcia grounded out to second . Fowler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 9 - Cardinals 4 .	Utley , Forsythe lead rally as Dodgers beat Cardinals 9 - 4