Nationals - Top 1st . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Turner grounded out to shortstop . Raburn grounded out to third . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Forsythe flied out to right . Seager singled to right . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Seager out at second . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Taylor out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Murphy struck out swinging . Rendon homered to left ( 377 feet ) . Wieters safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Taylor . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wieters out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Hernández struck out swinging . Barnes singled to right . Puig walked , Barnes to second . Eibner grounded out to second , Barnes to third , Puig to second . Ryu popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez flied out to right . Turner grounded out to first . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Forsythe grounded out to shortstop . Seager grounded out to first . Taylor struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Harper flied out to center . Zimmerman singled to right center . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Zimmerman out at second . Rendon hit ground rule double to deep right center , Murphy to third . Wieters singled to center , Murphy and Rendon scored . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wieters out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Hernández struck out swinging . Barnes lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez flied out to right . Turner reached on infield single to third . Turner to second on wild pitch by Ryu . Raburn grounded out to shortstop , Turner to third . Harper singled to left center , Turner scored . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harper out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Puig popped out to first . Eibner struck out swinging . Ryu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Murphy lined out to right . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . Wieters fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Forsythe walked . Seager singled to right , Forsythe to third . Taylor doubled to deep left , Forsythe scored , Seager to third . Gutierrez grounded out to third , Seager scored . Hernández grounded out to pitcher . Barnes grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Taylor struck out swinging . Goodwin hit for Gonzalez . Goodwin singled to center . Turner flied out to left . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Romero pitching for Nationals . Goodwin in left field . Puig walked . Eibner struck out swinging . Grandal hit for Ryu . Grandal lined out to center . Forsythe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Morrow pitching for Dodgers . Taylor at third base . Barnes at second base . Grandal catching . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Murphy popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Romero pitching for Nationals . Seager doubled to deep center . Taylor struck out swinging . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Morrow pitching for Dodgers . Rendon walked . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rendon to second . Taylor lined out to right , Rendon to third . Goodwin fouled out to third . Turner grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wieters out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Albers pitching for Nationals . Utley hit for Barnes . Utley struck out looking . Puig grounded out to second . Bellinger hit for Eibner . Bellinger doubled to deep center . Pérez pitching for Nationals . Grandal struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 4 - Dodgers 2 .	Rendon , Gonzalez lead surging Nationals past Dodgers 4 - 2