Rockies - Top 1st . McCarthy pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon flied out to right . LeMahieu flied out to right . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Taylor walked . Hernández flied out to right . Turner flied out to center . Taylor stole second . Bellinger reached on infield single to shortstop , Taylor to third . Forsythe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . McCarthy pitching for Dodgers . Reynolds walked . Reynolds to second on wild pitch by McCarthy . Reynolds to third on wild pitch by McCarthy . Tapia walked . Reynolds scored , Tapia to second on wild pitch by McCarthy . Desmond reached on infield single to first , Tapia to third . Valaika flied out to center , Desmond to third . Wolters singled to right , Desmond scored . Anderson struck out bunting foul . Blackmon grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Barnes grounded out to pitcher . Grandal grounded out to shortstop . Pederson doubled to right , Pederson out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Dodgers . LeMahieu singled to right . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LeMahieu safe at second on error by shortstop Hernández . Reynolds singled to center , LeMahieu scored , Arenado to third . Tapia grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Arenado scored , Reynolds out at second . Desmond grounded out to third , Tapia to second . Valaika grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . McCarthy struck out looking . Taylor walked . Taylor to second on wild pitch by Anderson . Hernández homered to right center ( 403 feet ) , Taylor scored . Turner doubled to deep center . Bellinger homered to center ( 423 feet ) , Turner scored . Forsythe grounded out to shortstop . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Barnes singled to center . Grandal grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Barnes out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Avilán pitching for Dodgers . Wolters flied out to center . Lyles struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Pederson singled to right . Freeman hit for Avilán . Freeman grounded out to shortstop , Pederson to second . Taylor struck out swinging . Hernández walked . Turner walked , Pederson to third , Hernández to second . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Bellinger flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Arenado singled to right center . Reynolds walked , Arenado to second . Tapia popped out to shortstop . Desmond singled to shallow center , Arenado scored , Reynolds to second . Valaika struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Forsythe flied out to center . Barnes struck out swinging . Grandal lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Wolters grounded out to second . Amarista hit for Oberg . Amarista walked . Blackmon grounded out to pitcher , Amarista to second . LeMahieu singled to left , Amarista thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Pederson struck out swinging . Puig hit for Stripling . Puig struck out looking . Taylor struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Báez pitching for Dodgers . Arenado struck out swinging . Reynolds walked . Tapia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reynolds out at second . Desmond reached on infield single to third , Tapia to second . Valaika lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Hernández struck out swinging . Turner singled to left . Bellinger lined out to center . Forsythe doubled to left , Turner to third . Story at shortstop . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Barnes walked . Turner scored , Forsythe to third , Barnes to second on wild pitch by Ottavino . Barnes and Forsythe scored on Ottavino 's wild pitch . Grandal struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Dayton pitching for Dodgers . Wolters struck out swinging . Forsythe at second base . Utley at first base . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Story struck out swinging . Blackmon fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Pederson doubled to right . Utley lined out to right , Pederson to third . Taylor walked . Pederson scored , Taylor to second on wild pitch by Ottavino . Taylor stole third . Hernández struck out swinging . Taylor scored on Ottavino 's wild pitch . Turner walked . Bellinger homered to right ( 423 feet ) , Turner scored . Forsythe singled to center . Holland pitching for Rockies . Jansen doubled to deep center , Forsythe scored . Grandal struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . LeMahieu flied out to right . Arenado walked . Arenado to second on fielder 's indifference . Reynolds struck out swinging . Tapia lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 6 - Dodgers 12 .	Bellinger hits 2 HRs as Dodgers win 10th in row