Yankees - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Hicks grounded out to third . Voit lined out to left . Gardner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Mullins grounded out to pitcher . DJ Stewart struck out looking . Núñez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Frazier struck out looking . Ford grounded out to third . Andújar reached on infield single to pitcher . Kratz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Severino singled to left . Mountcastle homered to left ( 397 feet ) , Severino scored . Ruiz safe at first on fielding error by pitcher Garcia . Valaika grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ruiz out at second . Herrera struck out swinging , Valaika caught stealing second , catcher to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Wade reached on infield single to third . Wade to second on wild pitch by López , Wade safe at third on throwing error by catcher Severino . Estrada grounded out to shortstop , Wade scored . Hicks flied out to center . Voit flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Velazquez flied out to center . Mullins singled to center . Mullins stole second . DJ Stewart walked . Núñez struck out swinging . Severino lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Gardner walked . Frazier lined out to center . Ford flied out to center . Andújar safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Ruiz , Andújar safe at second on error , Gardner safe at third on error . Kratz singled to left , Gardner scored and Andújar scored . Wade struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Mountcastle reached on infield single to third . Ruiz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mountcastle out at second . Valaika struck out swinging . Herrera hit by pitch , Ruiz to second . Velazquez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Estrada hit by pitch . Hicks fouled out to third . Voit grounded out to third , Estrada to second . Gardner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Mullins flied out to center . DJ Stewart walked . Núñez struck out swinging . Severino singled to left , DJ Stewart to second . Schmidt pitching for Yankees . Mountcastle singled to center , DJ Stewart scored , Severino to second . Ruiz singled to left , Severino scored , Mountcastle to second . Valaika doubled to right , Ruiz scored and Mountcastle scored , Valaika to third . Herrera struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Valdez pitching for Orioles . Frazier struck out swinging . Ford grounded out to shortstop . Andújar walked . Kratz singled to right center , Andújar to third . LeMahieu hit for Wade . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kratz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . LeMahieu at second base . Estrada at shortstop . Schmidt pitching for Yankees . Velazquez walked . Mullins bunt popped out to pitcher . Velazquez stole second . DJ Stewart hit by pitch . Núñez flied out to center , Velazquez to third . Severino flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Valdez pitching for Orioles . Estrada struck out swinging . Hicks struck out swinging . Voit grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 3 - Orioles 6 .	Yankees win 19th straight over Orioles , 6 - 5 win in Game 1