Yankees - Top 1st . Shoemaker pitching for Blue Jays . LeMahieu lined out to right . Judge singled to center . Stanton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Judge out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . King pitching for Yankees . Biggio struck out swinging . Bichette flied out to center . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Shoemaker pitching for Blue Jays . Voit flied out to right . Torres walked . Hicks walked , Torres to second . Urshela singled to shallow center , Torres scored , Hicks to second . Sánchez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Urshela out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . King pitching for Yankees . Gurriel Jr. struck out swinging . Grichuk lined out to third . Guerrero Jr. tripled to deep right center . Villar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Shoemaker pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner grounded out to second . LeMahieu singled to right . Judge struck out swinging , LeMahieu stole second . Stanton safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Biggio , LeMahieu safe at third on error . Voit grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . King pitching for Yankees . Kirk singled to right . Davis struck out looking . Biggio walked , Kirk to second . Bichette singled to shallow left , Kirk scored , Biggio to second . Hernández singled to center , Biggio scored , Bichette to second . Gurriel Jr. struck out swinging . Grichuk singled to right , Bichette scored , Hernández to third . Loaisiga pitching for Yankees . Guerrero Jr. doubled to left , Grichuk scored and Hernández scored . Villar grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Zeuch pitching for Blue Jays . Torres lined out to center . Hicks grounded out to second . Urshela grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Loaisiga pitching for Yankees . Kirk doubled to left . Davis reached first base on catcher 's interference , Davis to first on error by catcher Sánchez . Biggio walked , Davis to second , Kirk to third . Bichette singled to right , Kirk scored , Biggio to second , Davis to third . Hernández reached on infield single to third , Davis scored , Bichette to second , Biggio to third . Gurriel Jr. grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Biggio scored , Hernández out at second , Bichette to third . Grichuk walked . Guerrero Jr. doubled to left , Bichette scored , Grichuk to third . Nelson pitching for Yankees . Villar grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 5th . Zeuch pitching for Blue Jays . Sánchez grounded out to third . Gardner grounded out to third . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Nelson pitching for Yankees . Kirk singled to deep right . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davis safe at second on throwing error by second baseman LeMahieu , Kirk out at second . Biggio grounded out to second , Davis to third . Bichette struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 6th . Zeuch pitching for Blue Jays . Judge lined out to third . Stanton grounded out to second . Voit grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Nelson pitching for Yankees . Hernández struck out swinging . Gurriel Jr. grounded out to second . Grichuk homered to right center ( 389 feet ) . Guerrero Jr. walked . Green pitching for Yankees . Villar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Zeuch pitching for Blue Jays . Torres walked . Hicks doubled to right , Torres to third . Urshela grounded out to shortstop , Torres scored . Murphy pitching for Blue Jays . Sánchez flied out to center , Hicks to third . Gardner grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Green pitching for Yankees . Kirk homered to right ( 346 feet ) . Davis flied out to right . Biggio struck out looking . Bichette grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Murphy pitching for Blue Jays . LeMahieu singled to right center . Judge flied out to right . Stanton doubled to left , LeMahieu to third . Voit struck out looking . Torres grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Wade at second base . Tauchman in right field . Kratz at first base . Ottavino pitching for Yankees . Hernández struck out swinging . Gurriel Jr. struck out swinging . Grichuk grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Font pitching for Blue Jays . Hicks grounded out to first . Urshela singled to center . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop , Urshela to second . Urshela to third on fielder 's indifference . Gardner walked . Wade walked , Gardner to second . Tauchman doubled to right , Urshela scored , Wade scored and Gardner scored . Yamaguchi pitching for Blue Jays . Stanton struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 5 - Blue Jays 11 .	Rookie Alejandro Kirk has HR , 4 hits , Jays beat Yankees 11 - 5