Yankees - Top 1st . Carrasco pitching for Indians . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Judge struck out looking . Hicks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Lindor grounded out to shortstop . Hernández doubled to left . Ramírez doubled to right , Hernández scored . Santana flied out to right . Reyes walked . Naylor doubled to center , Reyes scored and Ramírez scored . Pérez singled to left center , Naylor scored , Pérez to second . Naquin flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Voit struck out swinging . Stanton homered to right ( 420 feet ) . Urshela struck out looking . Torres walked . Gardner struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . DeShields struck out looking . Lindor struck out swinging . Hernández flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Sánchez grounded out to second . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Judge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Ramírez walked . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ramírez out at second . Reyes struck out looking . Naylor flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Hicks tripled to deep center . Voit walked . Stanton walked , Voit to second . Karinchak pitching for Indians . Urshela homered to left center ( 432 feet ) , Hicks scored , Voit scored and Stanton scored . Torres walked . Gardner walked , Torres to second . Maton pitching for Indians . Sánchez flied out to right . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher , Gardner to second , Torres to third . Judge flied out to right . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Pérez grounded out to pitcher . Naquin grounded out to third . DeShields bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Maton pitching for Indians . Hicks walked . Voit doubled to center , Hicks to third . Stanton hit sacrifice fly to right , Hicks scored , Voit to third . Urshela grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Voit out at home . Urshela to second on balk . Torres grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Lindor doubled to right . Hernández walked . Green pitching for Yankees . Ramírez doubled to right , Hernández scored and Lindor scored , Ramírez to third . Santana struck out swinging . Reyes struck out swinging . Naylor flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . McKenzie pitching for Indians . Gardner walked . Sánchez homered to right ( 356 feet ) , Gardner scored . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Judge grounded out to third . Hicks grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Green pitching for Yankees . Pérez singled to right center . Naquin struck out looking . DeShields singled to shallow right , Pérez to second . Britton pitching for Yankees . Lindor grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeShields out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . McKenzie pitching for Indians . Voit walked . Stanton struck out swinging . Wade ran for Voit . Urshela struck out looking . Torres safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Ramírez , Wade to second . Wittgren pitching for Indians . Gardner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 7th . LeMahieu at first base . Wade at second base . Britton pitching for Yankees . Hernández struck out swinging . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . Santana walked . Reyes walked , Santana to second . Luplow hit for Naylor . Loaisiga pitching for Yankees . Luplow doubled to deep center , Reyes scored and Santana scored . Pérez hit by pitch . Naquin grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pérez out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Luplow in left field . León catching . Wittgren pitching for Indians . Sánchez struck out looking . LeMahieu walked . Judge walked , LeMahieu to second . Hicks grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Judge out at second , LeMahieu to third . Frazier hit for Wade . Frazier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . LeMahieu at second base . Ford at first base . Loaisiga pitching for Yankees . DeShields walked . Lindor walked , DeShields to second . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Hernández singled to center , DeShields scored , Lindor to second . Ramírez struck out swinging . Santana grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hernández out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Hand pitching for Indians . Stanton walked . Tauchman ran for Stanton . Urshela singled to center , Tauchman to second . Torres reached on infield single to pitcher , Urshela to second , Tauchman to third . Gardner struck out swinging . Sánchez hit sacrifice fly to center , Tauchman scored . LeMahieu singled to shallow center , Urshela scored on error , LeMahieu to second , Torres to second , Torres safe at third on fielding error by center fielder DeShields . Quantrill pitching for Indians . Judge walked . Hicks struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 9th . Tauchman as designated hitter . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Reyes struck out swinging . Luplow grounded out to shortstop . Mercado hit for León . Mercado struck out , Mercado to first on wild pitch by Chapman . Hedges hit for Naquin . Hedges struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 10 - Indians 9 .	Yanks rally , beat Indians 10 - 9 to reach ALDS vs rival Rays