Phillies - Top 1st. Bush pitching for Brewers. Victorino singled to center. Victorino stole second, Victorino safe at third on throwing error by catcher Zaun. Polanco doubled to deep right center, Victorino scored. Utley flied out to left. Howard walked. Werth flied out to center. Ibanez flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Weeks flied out to right. Escobar walked. Braun struck out swinging. Fielder singled to right, Escobar to second. McGehee walked, Escobar to third, Fielder to second. Hart flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Valdez out on batter's interference to catcher. Bush pitching for Brewers. Valdez batting. Hoover doubled to left. Hamels doubled to right center, Hoover scored. Victorino struck out swinging. Polanco popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Zaun lined out to center. Gerut singled to left. Bush grounded out to pitcher. Weeks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Bush pitching for Brewers. Utley grounded out to pitcher. Howard grounded out to second. Werth hit ground rule double to deep right. Ibanez walked. Valdez hit ground rule double to deep right center, Werth scored, Ibanez to third. Hoover intentionally walked. Hamels struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Escobar reached on infield single to first. Braun flied out to right. Fielder grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Victorino grounded out to pitcher. Polanco flied out to center. Utley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. McGehee fouled out to first. Hart singled to left. Zaun struck out swinging. Hart caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Gerut batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Howard singled to center. Werth lined out to center. Ibanez singled to center, Howard to second. Valdez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ibanez out at second, Howard to third, Valdez to second on throwing error by second baseman Weeks. Hoover intentionally walked. Hamels flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Gerut walked. Bush sacrificed to first, Gerut to second. Gerut to third on wild pitch by Hamels. Weeks popped out to second. Escobar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Victorino singled to right. Polanco grounded into double play, third to second to first, Victorino out at second. Utley lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Braun flied out to right. Fielder grounded out to first. McGehee homered to left center (409 feet). Hart homered to left (379 feet). Zaun popped out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Stetter pitching for Brewers. Howard reached on infield single to shortstop. Werth grounded into fielder's choice to third, Howard out at second. Ibanez struck out swinging. Valdez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Gerut grounded out to first. Stern hit for Stetter. Stern grounded out to second. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Weeks reached on infield single to third. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Weeks out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Hoover fouled out to catcher. Gload hit for Durbin. Gload popped out to second. Victorino walked. Polanco singled to right center, Victorino to third. Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Utley struck out swinging, Utley safe at first on wild pitch by Villanueva, Victorino scored, Polanco to second. Howard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Baez pitching for Phillies. Braun reached on infield single to second. Fielder singled to center, Braun to second. McGehee grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Fielder out at second, Braun to third. Hart grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Hoffman pitching for Brewers. Werth struck out swinging. Ibanez flied out to left. Valdez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Romero pitching for Phillies. Zaun grounded out to shortstop. Gerut struck out swinging. Counsell hit for Hoffman. Counsell lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 4 - Brewers 2.	Hamels, Phils put finishing touches on sweep