Brewers - Top 1st. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Inglett grounded out to shortstop. Gomez grounded out to shortstop. Braun doubled to deep left. Fielder flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Bush pitching for Brewers. Span singled to center. Hudson singled to deep right, Span to third. Mauer walked, Hudson to second. Morneau flied out to center. Cuddyer walked, Span scored, Hudson to third, Mauer to second. Kubel singled to center, Hudson and Mauer scored, Cuddyer to second. Cuddyer to third, Kubel to second on balk by Bush. Young reached on infield single to second, Cuddyer scored, Kubel to third. Plouffe singled to left center, Kubel scored, Young to second. Punto doubled to right center, Young scored, Plouffe to third. Span grounded into fielder's choice to first, Plouffe scored, Punto to third. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Hudson walked, Span to second. Mauer grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hudson out at second. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. McGehee grounded out to second. Hart flied out to center. Counsell grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Morneau lined out to center. Cuddyer singled to center. Kubel lined into double play, left to second to first, Cuddyer doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Kottaras flied out to center. Escobar grounded out to first. Inglett walked. Gomez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Young popped out to first. Plouffe grounded out to shortstop. Punto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Braun reached on infield single to third. Fielder grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Braun out at second. McGehee flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Span doubled to left center. Hudson singled to right, Span to third. Mauer walked, Hudson to second. Morneau doubled to left, Span and Hudson scored, Mauer to third. Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop, Mauer scored, Morneau to third. Kubel hit sacrifice fly to left, Morneau scored. Young reached on infield single to third, Young to second on throwing error by third baseman Counsell. Plouffe doubled to deep left, Young scored. Punto struck out looking. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 5th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Hart struck out looking. Counsell singled to left. Kottaras flied out to center. Escobar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Span singled to center. Hudson walked, Span to second. Mauer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hudson out at second, Span to third. Morneau singled to right, Span scored. Cuddyer walked, Morneau to second. Kubel flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Inglett flied out to center. Gomez reached on infield single to shortstop. Braun grounded out to third, Gomez to second. Fielder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Vargas pitching for Brewers. Young singled to center. Plouffe flied out to right. Punto flied out to center. Span flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. McGehee flied out to center. Hart grounded out to shortstop. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Stetter pitching for Brewers. Hudson singled to center. Mauer flied out to center. Morneau reached on infield single to shortstop, Hudson to second. Cuddyer walked, Hudson to third, Morneau to second. Kubel walked, Hudson scored, Morneau to third, Cuddyer to second. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Young hit sacrifice fly to center, Morneau scored. Plouffe struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Lucroy hit for Kottaras. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Lucroy singled to left. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lucroy out at second. Inglett doubled to deep right, Escobar to third. Gomez homered to left (391 feet), Escobar and Inglett scored. Mijares pitching for Twins. Braun flied out to right. Fielder flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Lucroy catching. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Punto struck out swinging. Span grounded out to third. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Mijares pitching for Twins. McGehee grounded out to third. Hart struck out swinging. Counsell singled to center. Counsell to second on fielder's indifference. Lucroy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 3 - Twins 15.	Twins punish Brewers for 7 in 1st to key rout