Brewers - Top 1st. Robertson pitching for Marlins. Weeks popped out to second. Gomez reached on bunt single to pitcher. Fielder flied out to center. Braun doubled to deep left center, Gomez scored. McGehee flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Narveson pitching for Brewers. Coghlan flied out to center. Sanchez grounded out to third. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Robertson pitching for Marlins. Hart homered to left (377 feet). Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Kottaras singled to right. Narveson sacrificed to pitcher, Kottaras to second. Weeks singled to left, Kottaras scored. Gomez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Weeks out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Narveson pitching for Brewers. Cantu struck out swinging. Uggla reached on infield single to third. Ross struck out swinging. Paulino singled to right, Uggla to third. Maybin grounded into fielder's choice to third, Paulino out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Robertson pitching for Marlins. Fielder reached on infield single to second. Braun grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Fielder out at second. McGehee flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Narveson pitching for Brewers. Robertson struck out swinging. Coghlan grounded out to second. Sanchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Robertson pitching for Marlins. Hart struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. Kottaras struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Narveson pitching for Brewers. Ramirez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Ramirez caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Cantu struck out swinging. Uggla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 5th. Robertson pitching for Marlins. Narveson reached on infield single to shortstop. Weeks popped out to first. Gomez flied out to center. Fielder flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Narveson pitching for Brewers. Ross struck out swinging. Paulino struck out swinging. Maybin walked. Robertson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Robertson pitching for Marlins. Braun walked. McGehee doubled to deep right, Braun to third. Hart grounded out to third, Braun scored, McGehee to third. Escobar walked. Kottaras walked, Escobar to second. Sosa pitching for Marlins. Narveson lined into double play, second to first, Kottaras doubled off first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Narveson pitching for Brewers. Coghlan singled to left. Sanchez fouled out to right. Ramirez doubled to deep left, Coghlan to third. Cantu grounded out to shortstop, Coghlan scored. Uggla walked. Ross homered to left (399 feet), Ramirez and Uggla scored. Paulino doubled to deep center. Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Maybin walked. Lamb hit for Sosa. Lamb singled to center, Paulino scored, Maybin to second, Maybin to third advancing on throw. Coghlan tripled to deep right, Maybin and Lamb scored. Sanchez struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Sanches pitching for Marlins. Weeks lined out to left. Gomez struck out looking. Fielder fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Ramirez grounded out to third. Cantu flied out to center. Uggla walked. Ross doubled to deep left center, Uggla scored, Ross to third advancing on throw. Paulino doubled to deep left, Ross scored. Maybin inside-the-park home run to deep center, Paulino scored. Carroll hit for Sanches. Carroll struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Wood pitching for Marlins. Braun grounded out to third. McGehee flied out to center. Hart fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Coghlan reached on infield single to third. Sanchez singled to center, Coghlan to third, Sanchez to second on throwing error by center fielder Gomez. Ramirez grounded out to third. Cantu singled to right, Coghlan and Sanchez scored. Uggla grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cantu out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 9th. Wood pitching for Marlins. Escobar safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cantu. Kottaras grounded into fielder's choice to first, Escobar safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Sanchez. Stern hit for Suppan. Stern grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kottaras out at second, Escobar to third. Weeks reached on infield single to third, Escobar scored, Stern to second. Gomez flied out to left. Fielder grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 5 - Marlins 13.	Marlins' biggest inning of season fuels blowout