Brewers - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Weeks fouled out to first. Hart fouled out to first. Fielder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Aybar flied out to left. Izturis hit by pitch. Abreu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Braun flied out to right. McGehee flied out to center. Gomez fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Hunter flied out to left. Matsui struck out swinging. Kendrick singled to left. Rivera singled to right, Kendrick to third. Napoli walked, Rivera to second. Frandsen doubled to right, Kendrick and Rivera scored, Napoli to third. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Counsell flied out to center. Escobar singled to left, Escobar to second on error by left fielder Rivera. Kottaras doubled to deep right, Escobar scored. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. Hart reached on infield single to pitcher, Kottaras to third. Fielder walked, Hart to second. Braun homered to center (424 feet), Kottaras, Hart and Fielder scored. McGehee flied out to left. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Izturis flied out to center. Abreu walked. Hunter walked, Abreu to second. Matsui flied out to center. Kendrick hit by pitch, Abreu to third, Hunter to second. Rivera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Gomez flied out to center. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Napoli grounded out to pitcher. Frandsen flied out to center. Aybar bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Kottaras walked. Weeks struck out swinging. Hart reached on infield single to shortstop, Kottaras to second. Fielder grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hart out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Abreu grounded out to first. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Braun flied out to right. McGehee homered to center (397 feet). Gomez struck out looking. Counsell walked. Bell pitching for Angels. Counsell stole second. Escobar singled to right, Counsell thrown out at home, Counsell to third advancing on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Matsui grounded out to first. Kendrick struck out looking. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Bell pitching for Angels. Kottaras singled to right. Weeks singled to right, Kottaras to second. Kottaras to third, Weeks to second on passed ball by Napoli. Hart doubled to deep right, Kottaras and Weeks scored. Fielder grounded out to shortstop, Hart to third. Braun singled to left, Hart scored. McGehee hit by pitch, Braun to second. Gomez grounded into fielder's choice to first, McGehee out at second, Braun to third. Quinlan at first base. Izturis at shortstop. Frandsen at third base. Braun scored, Gomez to second on wild pitch by Bell. Counsell safe at first on error by first baseman Quinlan, Gomez scored. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Counsell out at second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 7th. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Napoli grounded out to third. Frandsen grounded out to pitcher. Quinlan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Willits in center field. Ryan in left field. Rivera in right field. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Kottaras struck out swinging. Weeks walked. Hart grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Weeks out at second. Fielder grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Inglett in left field. Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Izturis flied out to right. Willits struck out swinging, Willits safe at first on wild pitch by Villanueva. Ryan flied out to center. Matsui struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Inglett doubled to right. McGehee walked. Gomez flied out to right. Counsell hit by pitch, Inglett to third, McGehee to second. Escobar grounded out to shortstop, Inglett scored, McGehee to third, Counsell to second. Kottaras grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Kendrick doubled to deep right center. Rivera struck out swinging. Napoli struck out swinging. Frandsen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 12 - Angels 2.	Braun's GS kicks off laugher as Brewers roll