Brewers - Top 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Weeks homered to left (382 feet). Hart struck out swinging. Fielder struck out swinging. Braun struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Parra pitching for Brewers. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Winn grounded out to shortstop. Pujols walked. Pujols stole second. Holliday grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. McGehee grounded out to first. Edmonds singled to center. Edmonds stole second. Escobar walked. Kottaras flied out to left. Parra hit by pitch, Edmonds to third, Escobar to second. Weeks hit by pitch, Edmonds scored, Escobar to third, Parra to second. Hart flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Parra pitching for Brewers. Stavinoha grounded out to second. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Ryan flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Fielder singled to left. Braun singled to right, Fielder to second. McGehee struck out swinging. Edmonds singled to right, Fielder scored, Braun to third. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Braun scored, Edmonds safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Ryan, Escobar safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Ryan. Kottaras hit sacrifice fly to center, Edmonds scored, Escobar scored on error by second baseman Greene. Parra singled to center. Weeks struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Parra pitching for Brewers. Carpenter walked. Greene hit by pitch, Carpenter to second. Lopez singled to left, Carpenter to third, Greene to second. Winn struck out swinging. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Hart singled to center. Fielder walked, Hart to second. Braun singled to center, Hart to third, Fielder to second. McGehee singled to left, Hart scored, Fielder to third, Braun to second. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Edmonds lined out to second. Fielder scored, Braun to third, McGehee to second on wild pitch by Reyes. Escobar intentionally walked. Kottaras struck out swinging. Parra struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Parra pitching for Brewers. Holliday flied out to right. Stavinoha struck out swinging. Molina singled to right. Ryan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Ottavino pitching for Cardinals. LaRue catching. Weeks singled to right. Hart singled to left, Weeks to third. Fielder walked, Hart to second. Braun singled to right, Weeks and Hart scored, Fielder to second. McGehee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Braun out at second, Fielder to third. Edmonds reached on infield single to pitcher, Fielder scored. Escobar flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Parra pitching for Brewers. LaRue homered to left (379 feet). Greene singled to center. Lopez singled to right, Greene to third. Winn grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Greene scored, Lopez out at second. Pujols homered to left (372 feet). Holliday grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Ottavino pitching for Cardinals. Kottaras lined out to shortstop. Parra doubled to deep right. Weeks flied out to right, Parra to third. Hart flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Parra pitching for Brewers. Stavinoha struck out swinging. Ottavino walked. Ryan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ottavino out at second. LaRue singled to left, Ryan to second. Ryan to third, LaRue to second on wild pitch by Parra. Greene tripled to deep center, Ryan and LaRue scored. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Lopez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Ottavino pitching for Cardinals. Fielder singled to center. Braun grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Fielder out at second. McGehee struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Winn grounded out to shortstop. Pujols grounded out to second. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Ottavino pitching for Cardinals. Edmonds homered to right (376 feet). Escobar singled to right. Kottaras grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. Inglett doubled to right. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Jay in left field. Weeks hit by pitch. Inglett to third, Weeks to second on wild pitch by Boggs. Hart struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Riske pitching for Brewers. Stavinoha grounded out to second. Jay singled to center. Ryan flied out to right. LaRue singled to center, Jay to second. Greene popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Rasmus in center field. Winn in left field. Miles at second base. Stavinoha at first base. Jay in right field. Greene at third base. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Fielder singled to left. Braun flied out to right. McGehee flied out to right. Edmonds flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Rasmus flied out to right. Winn grounded out to second. Miles singled to left. Schumaker grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 12 - Cardinals 5.	Brewers club Carpenter