Giants - Top 1st. Parra pitching for Brewers. Torres singled to right. Sanchez sacrificed to first, Torres to second. Torres to third on balk by Parra. Huff singled to center, Torres scored. Burrell popped out to first. Posey flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Zito pitching for Giants. Weeks flied out to center. Escobar walked. Fielder struck out swinging. Hart walked, Escobar to second. McGehee lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Parra pitching for Brewers. Sandoval struck out swinging. Renteria reached on infield single to shortstop. Whiteside singled to shallow right, Renteria to second. Zito sacrificed to third, Renteria to third, Whiteside to second. Torres grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Zito pitching for Giants. Kottaras singled to center. Gomez singled to right, Kottaras to second. Inglett walked, Kottaras to third, Gomez to second. Parra struck out swinging. Weeks struck out swinging. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Inglett out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Parra pitching for Brewers. Sanchez singled to right. Huff homered to right (376 feet), Sanchez scored. Burrell struck out swinging. Posey walked. Sandoval reached on infield single to shortstop, Posey to second. Renteria struck out swinging. Posey caught stealing third, catcher to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Zito pitching for Giants. Fielder struck out looking. Hart singled to center. McGehee singled to right center, Hart to second. Kottaras struck out swinging. Gomez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Parra pitching for Brewers. Whiteside walked. Zito sacrificed to pitcher, Whiteside to second, Zito safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Parra. Torres bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Whiteside out at third, Zito to second. Sanchez doubled to left, Zito and Torres scored, Sanchez to third on error by left fielder Inglett. Huff hit sacrifice fly to center, Sanchez scored. Burrell flied out to center. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Zito pitching for Giants. Inglett walked. Parra bunt popped out foul to first. Weeks singled to right, Inglett to second. Escobar lined out to center. Fielder singled to center, Inglett scored, Weeks to second. Hart grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fielder out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Parra pitching for Brewers. Posey singled to center. Sandoval singled to left center, Posey to second. Renteria popped out to second. Whiteside struck out swinging. Zito struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Zito pitching for Giants. McGehee doubled to deep left. McGehee to third on passed ball by Whiteside. Kottaras struck out swinging. Gomez struck out looking. Inglett walked. Edmonds hit for Parra. Edmonds walked, Inglett to second. Bautista pitching for Giants. Bush ran for Edmonds. Weeks walked, McGehee scored, Inglett to third, Bush to second. Escobar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Braddock pitching for Brewers. Torres grounded out to third. Sanchez singled to left. Huff grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sanchez out at second. Burrell singled to left, Huff to second. Posey flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Huff in left field. Schierholtz in right field. Bautista pitching for Giants. Fielder singled to left. Hart singled to left, Fielder to second. Casilla pitching for Giants. McGehee singled to right, Fielder to third, Hart to second. Kottaras struck out swinging. Gomez walked, Fielder scored, Hart to third, McGehee to second. Runzler pitching for Giants. Inglett struck out looking. Braun hit for Braddock. Braun grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Riske pitching for Brewers. Sandoval flied out to left. Renteria walked. Whiteside grounded into fielder's choice to third, Renteria out at second. Bumgarner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Ray pitching for Giants. Weeks singled to center. Escobar lined out to left. Fielder grounded out to second, Weeks to second. Hart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Torres homered to right (384 feet). Sanchez struck out swinging. Huff walked. Schierholtz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Huff out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Ray pitching for Giants. McGehee struck out swinging. Kottaras lined out to right. Gomez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Hoffman pitching for Brewers. Posey homered to right center (420 feet). Sandoval grounded out to third. Renteria singled to right. Renteria to second on wild pitch by Hoffman. Whiteside walked. Ishikawa hit for Ray. Ishikawa singled to right, Renteria scored, Whiteside to third. Torres struck out looking. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ishikawa out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Wilson pitching for Giants. Ishikawa at first base. Inglett singled to right. Counsell hit for Hoffman. Counsell popped out to first. Weeks struck out looking. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 9 - Brewers 3.	Giants ride Huff, Posey to sweep of Brewers