Brewers - Top 1st. Wells pitching for Cubs. Weeks struck out looking. Hart doubled to deep right center. Braun flied out to right. Fielder flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Colvin struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to first. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Wells pitching for Cubs. McGehee flied out to left. Edmonds grounded out to second. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Ramirez flied out to right. Byrd walked. Soriano struck out looking. Soto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Wells pitching for Cubs. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. Gallardo hit by pitch. Weeks flied out to center. Hart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. DeWitt grounded out to second. Wells struck out swinging. Colvin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Wells pitching for Cubs. Braun singled to right. Fielder singled to center, Braun to second. McGehee homered to center (421 feet), Braun and Fielder scored. Edmonds singled to center. Escobar singled to left, Edmonds to second. Lucroy singled to center, Edmonds to third, Escobar to second. Gallardo struck out looking. Weeks doubled to deep center, Edmonds and Escobar scored, Lucroy to third. Hart struck out swinging. Braun flied out to center. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Castro doubled to right center. Lee lined out to right, Castro to third. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop, Castro scored. Byrd struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Wells pitching for Cubs. Fielder singled to left. McGehee singled to center, Fielder to second. Berg pitching for Cubs. Edmonds walked, Fielder to third, McGehee to second. Escobar singled to left, Fielder scored, McGehee to third, Edmonds to second. Lucroy lined out to second. Gallardo grounded into fielder's choice to third, McGehee scored on throwing error by third baseman Ramirez, Edmonds to third, Escobar to second. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Edmonds scored, Gallardo out at second, Escobar to third. Hart singled to center, Escobar scored, Weeks to second. Braun singled to center, Weeks scored, Hart to second. Fielder grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. Soto struck out swinging. DeWitt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Coleman pitching for Cubs. McGehee walked. Edmonds singled to center, McGehee to second. Gomez ran for Edmonds. Escobar singled to center, McGehee scored, Gomez to second. Lucroy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Escobar out at second, Gomez to third. Gallardo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Gomez in center field. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Coleman struck out swinging. Colvin struck out swinging. Castro doubled to left. Lee struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Colvin in center field. Fukudome in right field. Coleman pitching for Cubs. Weeks grounded out to second. Hart singled to center. Braun singled to center, Hart to second. Fielder singled to right center, Hart scored, Braun to third. McGehee hit sacrifice fly to right, Braun scored. Gomez hit by pitch, Fielder to second. Escobar walked, Fielder to third, Gomez to second. Lucroy grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Hawkins pitching for Brewers. Fontenot hit for Ramirez. Fontenot struck out swinging. Fukudome lined out to right. Soriano doubled to deep right. Soto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Baker at first base. Fontenot at third base. Counsell hit for Hawkins. Coleman pitching for Cubs. Counsell reached on infield single to shortstop. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Counsell out at second. Hart singled to right, Weeks to second. Braun singled to right, Weeks to third, Hart to second. Schlitter pitching for Cubs. Hill catching. Fielder doubled to deep center, Weeks, Hart and Braun scored. McGehee struck out swinging. Gomez hit by pitch. Bush ran for Gomez. Escobar flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Hoffman pitching for Brewers. Escobar in center field. Counsell at shortstop. DeWitt grounded out to first. Hill flied out to center. Colvin doubled to deep right. Castro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Schlitter pitching for Cubs. Lucroy struck out swinging. Counsell singled to center. Inglett hit for Weeks. Inglett singled to right, Counsell to second. Hart grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Inglett out at second, Counsell to third. Braun singled to right, Counsell scored, Hart to third. Fielder singled to center, Hart scored, Braun to second. McGehee grounded into fielder's choice to second, Braun to third, Fielder safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Castro. Hoffman struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Inglett at second base. Axford pitching for Brewers. Baker flied out to right. Fontenot flied out to center. Fukudome flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 18 - Cubs 1.	Brewers pound out 26 hits to clobber Cubs