Brewers - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Weeks struck out swinging. Hart struck out swinging. Braun grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Bush pitching for Brewers. Schumaker walked. Jay flied out to left. Pujols flied out to right. Holliday flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Fielder struck out swinging. McGehee reached on infield single to catcher. Cain grounded into fielder's choice to third, McGehee safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Lopez. Escobar intentionally walked. Lucroy struck out swinging. Bush struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Bush pitching for Brewers. Craig flied out to left. Lopez singled to center. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Weeks walked. Hart singled to right, Weeks to second. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to third, Weeks safe at third on error by third baseman Lopez, Hart to second. Fielder grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Weeks scored, Braun out at second, Hart to third. McGehee homered to center (410 feet), Hart scored. Cain singled to left center. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cain out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Bush pitching for Brewers. Garcia grounded out to shortstop. Ryan reached on infield single to shortstop, Ryan to second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Schumaker grounded out to second, Ryan to third. Jay struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Lucroy grounded out to third. Bush walked. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bush out at second. Hart grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Pujols homered to center (432 feet). Holliday flied out to right. Craig grounded out to shortstop. Lopez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Braun popped out to second. Fielder grounded out to first. McGehee grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Garcia popped out to second. Ryan singled to center. Schumaker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Cain flied out to center. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Lucroy singled to left. Bush struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Bush pitching for Brewers. Jay struck out swinging. Pujols flied out to left. Holliday grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Weeks walked. Hart grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Weeks out at second. Braun grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Loe pitching for Brewers. Craig grounded out to third. Lopez grounded out to second. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. McGehee singled to center. Cain singled to left center, McGehee to second. Escobar grounded into double play, third to first, McGehee out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Miles hit for Boggs. Loe pitching for Brewers. Miles singled to right. Ryan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Miles out at second. Schumaker singled to left, Ryan to third. Axford pitching for Brewers. Dickerson in center field. Ryan scored, Schumaker to second on wild pitch by Axford. Jay struck out looking. Pujols intentionally walked. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Schumaker in center field. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Miles at second base. Lucroy struck out looking. Dickerson struck out swinging. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Rasmus hit for Craig. Axford pitching for Brewers. Rasmus flied out to center. Lopez struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 3 - Cardinals 2.	Sliding Cards drop third straight, fall to Brewers