White Sox - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Swisher grounded out to third. Cabrera walked. Thome grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Sizemore popped out to shortstop. Cabrera doubled to deep right. Peralta grounded out to shortstop, Cabrera to third. Hafner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Konerko walked. Dye singled to center, Konerko to second. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to first, Dye out at second, Konerko to third. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pierzynski out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Garko flied out to right. Gutierrez hit by pitch. Dellucci walked, Gutierrez to second. Blake popped out to second. Shoppach walked, Gutierrez to third, Dellucci to second. Sizemore singled to left, Gutierrez and Dellucci scored, Shoppach to second. Cabrera flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Crede struck out swinging. Uribe grounded out to pitcher. Swisher grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Peralta struck out looking. Hafner struck out swinging. Garko grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Cabrera walked. Thome grounded into double play, third to first, Cabrera out at second. Konerko walked. Dye grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Konerko out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Dellucci flied out to right. Blake struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Pierzynski singled to center. Ramirez struck out swinging. Pierzynski to second on wild pitch by Carmona. Crede singled to center, Pierzynski scored. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Crede out at second. Swisher struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for White Sox. Shoppach struck out swinging. Sizemore tripled to deep right. Cabrera singled to center, Sizemore scored. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. Hafner singled to left center, Peralta to third. Garko walked, Hafner to second. Gutierrez walked, Peralta scored, Hafner to third, Garko to second. Dellucci grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Cabrera grounded out to third. Thome flied out to right. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Blake walked. Shoppach doubled to deep left, Blake to third. Sizemore singled to right, Blake scored, Shoppach to third. Cabrera singled to deep left center, Shoppach scored, Sizemore to third, Cabrera out stretching at second. Peralta popped out to shortstop. Hafner intentionally walked. Garko flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Dye grounded out to second. Pierzynski singled to left. Ramirez grounded out to first, Pierzynski to second. Crede grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Dellucci walked. Blake struck out swinging. Shoppach grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Kobayashi pitching for Indians. Uribe singled to left. Swisher struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to center, Uribe to second. Perez pitching for Indians. Thome struck out looking. Konerko walked, Uribe to third, Cabrera to second. Dye struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Sizemore hit by pitch. Cabrera flied out to right. Peralta popped out to second. Hafner singled to center, Sizemore to third. Garko reached on infield single to second, Sizemore scored, Hafner to second. Gutierrez popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Julio pitching for Indians. Pierzynski homered to right. Ramirez singled to center. Crede fouled out to third. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez out at second. Swisher walked, Uribe to second. Cabrera flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 2 - Indians 7.	Indians ride Carmona, Sizemore past ChiSox