Tigers - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Thomas grounded out to second. Santiago reached on infield single to second. Sheffield walked, Santiago to second. Ordonez grounded out to second, Santiago to third, Sheffield to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Sizemore walked. Sizemore stole second. Carroll walked. Hafner grounded out to first, Sizemore to third, Carroll to second. Martinez intentionally walked. Peralta grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Guillen popped out to second. Renteria singled to left. Jones flied out to left. Inge doubled to deep left, Renteria to third. Thomas flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Garko hit by pitch. Gutierrez doubled to left, Garko to third. Michaels hit sacrifice fly to center, Garko scored, Gutierrez to third. Blake doubled to right, Gutierrez scored. Sizemore flied out to right, Blake to third. Carroll reached on infield single to second, Blake scored. Hafner walked, Carroll to second. Martinez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Santiago flied out to left. Sheffield struck out swinging. Ordonez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Garko grounded out to third. Gutierrez singled to right. Michaels singled to left, Gutierrez to second. Blake flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Cabrera singled to shallow center. Guillen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Sizemore fouled out to third. Carroll lined out to center. Hafner flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Thomas grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Martinez singled to right. Peralta struck out swinging. Garko homered to left, Martinez scored. Gutierrez flied out to center. Michaels hit by pitch. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Michaels out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Santiago hit by pitch. Sheffield hit by pitch, Santiago to second. Ordonez singled to right, Santiago to third, Sheffield to second. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Santiago scored. Guillen singled to left, Sheffield thrown out at home, Ordonez to second. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guillen out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Sizemore doubled to deep left center. Carroll tripled to deep right, Sizemore scored. Hafner homered to left, Carroll scored. Martinez grounded out to second. Peralta singled to right. Garko walked, Peralta to second. Gutierrez grounded out to third, Peralta to third, Garko to second. Michaels singled to center, Peralta and Garko scored, Michaels to second advancing on throw. Blake grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Jones grounded out to second. Inge flied out to right. Thomas doubled to deep left center. Lewis pitching for Indians. Santiago walked. Sheffield walked, Thomas to third, Santiago to second. Raburn hit for Ordonez. Raburn popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Raburn in right field. Thames at first base. Seay pitching for Tigers. Sizemore hit by pitch. Carroll grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sizemore out at second. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez doubled to deep left center, Carroll scored. Peralta struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Kobayashi pitching for Indians. Cabrera flied out to center. Thames flied out to center. Renteria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Bautista pitching for Tigers. Garko flied out to center. Gutierrez walked. Michaels flied out to center. Blake lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Jones grounded out to pitcher. Inge flied out to center. Thomas struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 1 - Indians 11.	Hot bats help Indians dismantle Tigers