Indians - Top 1st. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Sizemore grounded out to first. Francisco popped out to shortstop. Hafner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Cabrera struck out swinging. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Quentin homered to center. Dye struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Martinez flied out to right. Garko grounded out to second. Dellucci flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Thome homered to left. Konerko singled to center. Crede struck out looking. Swisher popped out to shortstop. Ramirez reached on infield single to second, Konerko to second. Cabrera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Blake reached on infield single to shortstop. Carroll reached on infield single to shortstop, Blake to second. Cabrera sacrificed to third, Blake to third, Carroll to second. Sizemore grounded out to first, Blake scored, Carroll to third. Francisco grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Pierzynski flied out to center. Quentin grounded out to second. Dye grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Hafner grounded out to shortstop. Martinez struck out swinging. Garko grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Thome flied out to right. Konerko walked. Crede struck out looking. Swisher lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Ozuna at third base. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Dellucci doubled to right. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Dellucci out at third. Carroll grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blake out at second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Carroll safe at second on error by second baseman Ramirez. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Ramirez flied out to center. Cabrera flied out to center. Pierzynski grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Francisco grounded out to shortstop. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Quentin struck out swinging. Dye reached on infield single to shortstop. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Garko reached on infield single to shortstop. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Dellucci grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Garko out at second. Dotel pitching for White Sox. Blake struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Ozuna reached on infield single to shortstop. Swisher flied out to right. Ramirez singled to shallow center, Ozuna to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez out at second, Ozuna to third. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Linebrink pitching for White Sox. Carroll flied out to left. Cabrera flied out to left. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Lewis pitching for Indians. Quentin walked. Dye singled to center, Quentin to third, Dye to second advancing on throw. Thome intentionally walked. Konerko struck out looking. Ozuna singled to right, Quentin scored, Dye to third, Thome to second. Swisher grounded out to second, Dye scored, Thome to third, Ozuna to second. Ramirez hit by pitch. Cabrera flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Francisco grounded out to third. Hafner popped out to shortstop. Martinez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 1 - White Sox 4.	Contreras outduels Sabathia as ChiSox stop Tribe