Indians - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Sizemore struck out swinging. Blake grounded out to third. Francisco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Laffey pitching for Indians. Suzuki singled to center. Bloomquist singled to left, Suzuki to second. Ibanez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bloomquist out at second, Suzuki to third. Beltre walked. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Peralta safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt. Choo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Peralta out at second. Shoppach walked. Dellucci struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Laffey pitching for Indians. Cairo grounded out to second. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. Burke singled to right. Betancourt hit by pitch, Burke to second. Suzuki safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta, Burke to third, Betancourt to second. Bloomquist walked, Burke scored, Betancourt to third, Suzuki to second. Ibanez homered to right, Betancourt, Suzuki and Bloomquist scored. Beltre singled to right. Lopez grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Marte struck out looking. Cabrera walked. Sizemore hit ground rule double to left, Cabrera to third. Blake grounded out to shortstop, Cabrera scored. Francisco grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Laffey pitching for Indians. Cairo grounded out to shortstop. Johjima singled to center. Johjima to second on wild pitch by Laffey. Burke grounded out to third. Betancourt popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Peralta grounded out to second. Choo struck out looking. Shoppach struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Laffey pitching for Indians. Suzuki reached on infield single to second. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Suzuki out at second. Ibanez singled to right, Bloomquist to third. Beltre flied out to right. Lopez homered to left, Bloomquist and Ibanez scored. Lewis pitching for Indians. Cairo struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Dellucci flied out to left. Marte singled to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. Sizemore flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Lewis pitching for Indians. Johjima flied out to center. Burke singled to right. Betancourt flied out to right. Suzuki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Blake homered to right. Francisco popped out to second. Peralta singled to center. Choo struck out swinging. Shoppach struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Lewis pitching for Indians. Bloomquist flied out to center. Ibanez singled to left. Beltre walked, Ibanez to second. Lopez lined out to right. Cairo walked, Ibanez to third, Beltre to second. Johjima grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cairo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Dellucci popped out to shortstop. Marte flied out to right. Cabrera singled to left center. Sizemore flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Rincon pitching for Indians. Burke doubled to deep left center. Betancourt lined out to right. Suzuki struck out swinging. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Reed in left field. Blake flied out to center. Francisco reached on infield single to shortstop. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Francisco safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt. Choo grounded out to second, Francisco to third, Peralta to second. Shoppach struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Rincon pitching for Indians. Reed grounded out to pitcher. Beltre singled to left. LaHair hit for Lopez. LaHair grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Beltre out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. LaHair at first base. Cairo at second base. Jimenez pitching for Mariners. Gutierrez hit for Dellucci. Gutierrez struck out looking. Marte walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Marte out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 2 - Mariners 8.	Ibanez shows trade value to help M's silence Tribe