Indians - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Mariners. Sizemore walked. Carroll grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sizemore out at second. Francisco hit into fielder's choice to right, Carroll out at second. Francisco to second on wild pitch by Batista. Peralta singled to deep right, Francisco scored. Choo homered to right, Peralta scored. Blake struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Sowers pitching for Indians. Suzuki struck out swinging. Bloomquist safe at first on error by third baseman Marte. Ibanez walked, Bloomquist to second. Bloomquist stole third. Beltre grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Mariners. Marte struck out looking. Fasano hit by pitch. Gutierrez flied out to center. Sizemore popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Sowers pitching for Indians. Lopez singled to center. Vidro doubled to left, Lopez scored. LaHair flied out to center. Clement singled to center, Vidro to third. Betancourt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Clement out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Mariners. Carroll singled to center. Francisco doubled to left, Carroll scored. Peralta doubled to left, Francisco scored. Choo hit ground rule double to deep center, Peralta scored. Blake singled to left, Choo scored, Blake to second advancing on throw. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Marte lined out to center, Blake scored on throwing error by center fielder Bloomquist. Fasano struck out swinging. Gutierrez doubled to left. Sizemore walked. Carroll doubled to left, Gutierrez scored, Sizemore to third. Francisco struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Sowers pitching for Indians. Suzuki fouled out to catcher. Bloomquist flied out to right. Ibanez homered to center. Beltre flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Peralta flied out to center. Choo grounded out to first. Blake singled to left. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Lopez lined out to center. Vidro flied out to left. LaHair walked. Clement flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Fasano flied out to right. Gutierrez doubled to left. Sizemore walked. Carroll flied out to left. Francisco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Betancourt grounded out to third. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Bloomquist grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Choo struck out swinging. Blake walked. Marte flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Ibanez hit by pitch. Beltre singled to left, Ibanez to second. Lopez walked, Ibanez to third, Beltre to second. Vidro grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ibanez scored, Lopez out at second, Beltre to third. LaHair struck out swinging. Beltre scored, Vidro to second on wild pitch by Sowers. Clement struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Dickey pitching for Mariners. Fasano grounded out to shortstop. Gutierrez lined out to left. Sizemore walked. Carroll grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sizemore out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Mujica pitching for Indians. Betancourt flied out to right. Suzuki singled to center. Bloomquist grounded out to third, Suzuki to second. Ibanez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Dickey pitching for Mariners. Francisco grounded out to third. Peralta lined out to right. Choo doubled to deep right center. Blake intentionally walked. Marte struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Mujica pitching for Indians. Beltre flied out to right. Lopez flied out to right. Vidro grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Fasano flied out to right. Gutierrez flied out to right. Sizemore lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Kobayashi pitching for Indians. LaHair flied out to left. Clement grounded out to second. Betancourt singled to left. Suzuki homered to right, Betancourt scored. Bloomquist singled to right. Bloomquist to second on fielder's indifference. Ibanez grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 9 - Mariners 6.	Unheralded duo help Indians end road skid at 10