Indians - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Sizemore walked. Dellucci flied out to right. Francisco doubled to right, Sizemore to third. Peralta singled to left, Sizemore scored, Francisco to third. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Francisco scored, Peralta safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Lackey. Garko struck out swinging. Marte flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 1st. Laffey pitching for Indians. Figgins bunt grounded out to pitcher, Figgins out at first. Kotchman singled to left. Aybar grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kotchman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Fasano struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Sizemore flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Laffey pitching for Indians. Guerrero singled to left. Rivera grounded out to third, Guerrero to second. Kendrick doubled to deep right, Guerrero scored. Anderson grounded out to second, Kendrick to third. Kendrick scored on Laffey's wild pitch. Matthews walked. Mathis singled to center, Matthews to second. Figgins grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Dellucci flied out to center. Francisco flied out to center. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Laffey pitching for Indians. Kotchman doubled to right. Aybar grounded out to second, Kotchman to third. Guerrero flied out to right. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Choo singled to center. Garko homered to left, Choo scored. Marte walked. Fasano sacrificed to third, Marte to second. Cabrera hit by pitch. Sizemore struck out swinging. Dellucci grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Laffey pitching for Indians. Kendrick doubled to deep right center. Anderson grounded out to first, Kendrick to third. Matthews singled to left, Kendrick scored. Mathis singled to left, Matthews to second. Figgins flied out to right. Kotchman singled to center, Matthews scored, Mathis to third. Aybar singled to right, Mathis scored, Kotchman to second. Guerrero struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Francisco flied out to right. Peralta singled to right. Choo flied out to left. Garko singled to center, Peralta to third. Marte singled to right, Peralta scored, Garko to second. Fasano singled to left, Garko scored, Marte to second. Cabrera flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Laffey pitching for Indians. Rivera singled to center. Kendrick doubled to left center, Rivera to third. Anderson intentionally walked. Mastny pitching for Indians. Matthews walked, Rivera scored, Kendrick to third, Anderson to second. Mathis homered to left, Kendrick, Anderson and Matthews scored. Figgins grounded out to first. Kotchman singled to right. Aybar struck out looking. Guerrero flied out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Speier pitching for Angels. Sizemore flied out to right. Dellucci struck out looking. Francisco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Mastny pitching for Indians. Rivera walked. Kendrick struck out swinging. Anderson doubled to deep left, Rivera to third. Lewis pitching for Indians. Matthews struck out swinging. Mathis doubled to left, Rivera and Anderson scored. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. O'Day pitching for Angels. Peralta reached on infield single to third. Choo doubled to right, Peralta scored, Choo to third on error by right fielder Rivera. Garko fouled out to first. Marte struck out swinging. Fasano flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 7th. Lewis pitching for Indians. Kotchman singled to right. Aybar doubled to left, Kotchman to third. Guerrero struck out swinging. Rivera flied out to right. Kendrick singled to center, Kotchman and Aybar scored. Anderson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Willits in right field. O'Day pitching for Angels. Cabrera flied out to center. Sizemore homered to right. Dellucci hit by pitch. Francisco hit by pitch, Dellucci to second. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Francisco out at second, Dellucci to third. Choo walked, Peralta to second. Garko singled to right, Dellucci and Peralta scored, Choo to third. Blake hit for Marte. Blake flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Blake at third base. Rincon pitching for Indians. Matthews struck out looking. Mathis flied out to center. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Carroll hit for Fasano. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Carroll singled to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. Sizemore struck out swinging. Carroll to second on fielder's indifference. Dellucci doubled to deep right, Carroll scored. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Francisco grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 11 - Angels 14.	Angels get season-high 19 hits in victory