Tigers - Top 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco flied out to right. Thames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Sizemore reached on bunt single to first. Gutierrez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sizemore out at second. Francisco homered to center. Peralta struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Ordonez grounded out to second. Cabrera grounded out to third. Sheffield grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Choo struck out swinging. Shoppach doubled to left. Marte singled to left, Shoppach scored on error by left fielder Thames. Garko popped out to second. Cabrera reached on bunt single to pitcher, Marte to second. Sizemore homered to right, Marte and Cabrera scored. Gutierrez walked. Francisco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gutierrez out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Renteria doubled to deep center. Inge struck out swinging. Raburn struck out swinging. Granderson singled to left center, Renteria scored. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Granderson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Peralta grounded out to third. Choo walked. Shoppach doubled to center, Choo to third, Choo scored on error by center fielder Granderson. Marte doubled to deep left, Shoppach scored. Garko grounded out to third. Cabrera doubled to left, Marte scored. Sizemore grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Thames struck out swinging. Ordonez fouled out to catcher. Cabrera homered to left. Sheffield singled to right. Renteria flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for Tigers. Gutierrez flied out to center. Francisco fouled out to first. Peralta singled to left. Choo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Lee pitching for Indians. Inge homered to left center. Raburn singled to right. Raburn to second on passed ball by Shoppach. Granderson singled to left, Raburn to third. Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop, Raburn scored, Granderson to second. Thames popped out to shortstop. Ordonez singled to left, Granderson to third, Polanco to second. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Granderson scored, Polanco to third. Sheffield singled to left, Polanco scored, Ordonez to third, Sheffield out stretching at second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Lopez pitching for Tigers. Shoppach doubled to deep left. Marte grounded out to second, Shoppach to third. Garko walked. Cabrera struck out swinging. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Lewis pitching for Indians. Renteria grounded out to third. Inge walked. Raburn safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta, Inge to third. Perez pitching for Indians. Granderson safe at first on error by pitcher Perez, Inge scored, Raburn to second. Polanco hit by pitch, Raburn to third, Granderson to second. Thames struck out swinging. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Polanco out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Lopez pitching for Tigers. Gutierrez struck out looking. Francisco homered to left. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Choo walked. Jones pitching for Tigers. Shoppach homered to left, Choo scored. Marte popped out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Cabrera struck out swinging. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Renteria grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Jones pitching for Tigers. Garko grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to second. Sizemore struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Mujica pitching for Indians. Inge lined out to center. Raburn grounded out to shortstop. Granderson walked. Polanco reached on bunt single to third, Granderson to second. Thames doubled to deep left, Granderson scored, Polanco to third. Ordonez singled to left, Polanco scored, Thames to third. Cabrera doubled to deep left, Thames and Ordonez scored, Cabrera to third on throwing error by left fielder Choo. Kobayashi pitching for Indians. Sheffield grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 8th. Dolsi pitching for Tigers. Dellucci hit for Gutierrez. Dellucci singled to center. Francisco flied out to right. Peralta grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Dellucci out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Dellucci in left field. Choo in right field. Kobayashi pitching for Indians. Renteria grounded out to third. Inge walked. Guillen hit for Raburn. Guillen walked, Inge to second. Granderson singled to left, Inge to third, Guillen to second. Polanco hit sacrifice fly to center, Inge scored, Guillen to third, Granderson to second. Thames struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Joyce in left field. Guillen at third base. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Choo struck out swinging. Shoppach homered to center. Marte struck out swinging. Garko walked. Gonzalez ran for Garko. Cabrera singled to center, Gonzalez to third. Sizemore intentionally walked, Cabrera to second. Dellucci grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 10th. Gonzalez at first base. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Ordonez flied out to right. Cabrera singled to center. Sheffield singled to left, Cabrera to second. Santiago ran for Cabrera. Renteria struck out swinging. Inge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 10th. Santiago at third base. Guillen at first base. Seay pitching for Tigers. Francisco singled to left. Francisco to second on passed ball by Inge. Peralta struck out swinging. Choo struck out looking. Shoppach intentionally walked. Marte walked, Francisco to third, Shoppach to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 11th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Granderson singled to left. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to right, Granderson out at second. Polanco stole second. Joyce walked. Ordonez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 11th. Seay pitching for Tigers. Cabrera singled to center, Cabrera out stretching at second. Sizemore struck out swinging. Dellucci struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 12th. Rincon pitching for Indians. Rincon pitching for Indians. Rincon pitching for Indians. Rincon pitching for Indians. Santiago grounded out to second. Rincon pitching for Indians. Rincon pitching for Indians. Rincon pitching for Indians. Rincon pitching for Indians. Santiago grounded out to second. Sheffield singled to left. Renteria grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Sheffield out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 12th. Santiago at third base. Guillen at first base. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Francisco reached on infield single to shortstop. Peralta walked, Francisco to second. Choo walked, Francisco to third, Peralta to second. Shoppach struck out swinging. Marte grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Choo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 13th. Rincon pitching for Indians. Inge grounded out to third. Guillen singled to center. Granderson singled to right, Guillen to third. Polanco grounded out to third, Guillen scored, Granderson to second. Joyce reached on infield single to first, Granderson scored on throwing error by first baseman Gonzalez. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Joyce out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 13th. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Gonzalez walked. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. Sizemore popped out to third. Carroll hit for Dellucci. Cabrera to second on fielder's indifference. Carroll struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 14 - Indians 12.	Shoppach's 5 extra-base hits not enough