Angels - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Figgins reached on infield single to pitcher. Aybar flied out to center. Teixeira safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta, Figgins to second. Figgins to third, Teixeira to second on wild pitch by Carmona. Guerrero grounded out to third, Figgins scored. Hunter flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Sizemore grounded out to shortstop. Dellucci homered to center. Francisco grounded out to shortstop. Peralta struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick hit by pitch. Rivera singled to center, Kendrick to second. Napoli grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rivera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Choo popped out to shortstop. Shoppach struck out looking. Garko hit by pitch. Marte grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Figgins grounded out to second. Aybar walked. Teixeira singled to right, Aybar to third, Aybar scored, Teixeira to third on throwing error by right fielder Francisco. Guerrero safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Marte, Teixeira scored. Guerrero stole third. Guerrero scored on Carmona's wild pitch. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Anderson singled to center. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Cabrera grounded out to second. Sizemore popped out to second. Dellucci singled to right. Francisco singled to left, Dellucci to second. Peralta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Rivera grounded out to third. Napoli flied out to center. Figgins popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Choo flied out to center. Shoppach hit by pitch. Garko homered to left, Shoppach scored. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera reached on infield single to second. Sizemore flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Aybar safe at first on error by pitcher Carmona. Teixeira walked, Aybar to second. Guerrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Teixeira out at second, Aybar to third. Hunter popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Dellucci grounded out to catcher. Francisco singled to center. Peralta fouled out to first. Choo walked, Francisco to second. Shoppach struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop. Kendrick grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Anderson out at second. Rivera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Garko walked. Marte sacrificed to pitcher, Garko to second. Cabrera walked. Sizemore flied out to left. Dellucci grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second, Garko to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Napoli doubled to left. Figgins grounded out to second, Napoli to third. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to first, Napoli out at home. Teixeira walked, Aybar to second. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Teixeira out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Francisco walked. Peralta singled to center, Francisco to third. Choo walked, Peralta to second. Shoppach struck out swinging. Garko lined out to shortstop. Carroll hit for Marte. Carroll grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Carroll at third base. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Hunter flied out to right. Anderson struck out swinging. Kendrick grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Cabrera struck out looking. Sizemore singled to right. Dellucci flied out to right. Sizemore stole second. Francisco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Rivera flied out to center. Napoli popped out to second. Figgins lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Peralta singled to left. Choo struck out looking. Shoppach grounded out to second, Peralta to second. Gutierrez ran for Peralta. Garko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 4 - Indians 3.	Angels' Lackey stays hot, wins 4th straight