Mariners - Top 1st. Jackson pitching for Indians. Suzuki flied out to right. Betancourt popped out to catcher. Ibanez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Sizemore lined out to second. Carroll lined out to center. Martinez doubled to deep left. Peralta grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Jackson pitching for Indians. Beltre homered to left. Lopez struck out swinging. Balentien grounded out to third. Johjima grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Garko flied out to right. Choo homered to right. Gutierrez fouled out to first. Shoppach grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Jackson pitching for Indians. Clement struck out swinging. Cairo doubled to deep left. Suzuki fouled out to third. Betancourt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Marte flied out to left. Sizemore singled to right. Carroll singled to center, Sizemore to second. Sizemore caught stealing third, catcher to third. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Jackson pitching for Indians. Ibanez struck out swinging. Beltre singled to center. Lopez flied out to right. Balentien grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beltre out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Peralta flied out to center. Garko flied out to center. Choo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Jackson pitching for Indians. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. Clement hit by pitch. Cairo reached on bunt single to pitcher, Clement to third, Cairo to second on throwing error by pitcher Jackson. Suzuki singled to right, Clement scored, Cairo to third. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop, Suzuki to third. Ibanez singled to center, Suzuki scored. Beltre homered to left, Ibanez scored. Lopez walked. Balentien struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Gutierrez grounded out to second. Shoppach doubled to deep left. Marte grounded out to second, Shoppach to third. Sizemore grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Kobayashi pitching for Indians. Johjima fouled out to first. Clement grounded out to second. Cairo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. Martinez grounded out to second. Peralta walked. Garko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Rincon pitching for Indians. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Betancourt flied out to right. Ibanez walked. Beltre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Choo struck out swinging. Gutierrez safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre. Shoppach singled to deep left center, Gutierrez to third. Marte singled to center, Gutierrez scored, Shoppach to second. Woods pitching for Mariners. Sizemore grounded out to first, Shoppach to third, Marte to second. Messenger pitching for Mariners. Carroll walked. Martinez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 8th. Rincon pitching for Indians. Lopez struck out swinging. Balentien flied out to center. Johjima flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Messenger pitching for Mariners. Peralta singled to center. Garko walked, Peralta to second. Choo singled to left center, Peralta to third, Garko to second. Batista pitching for Mariners. Gutierrez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta scored, Choo out at second, Garko to third, Garko scored, Gutierrez to second on throwing error by second baseman Lopez. Shoppach grounded out to third. Marte flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. Perez pitching for Indians. Clement struck out swinging. Cairo struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Sizemore walked. Carroll walked, Sizemore to second. Martinez struck out swinging. Peralta walked, Sizemore to third, Carroll to second. Cabrera ran for Peralta. Garko grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Indians 4.	Five-run 5th enough to push M's to sweep of Tribe