Indians - Top 1st. Bass pitching for Orioles. Sizemore flied out to left. Dellucci struck out swinging. Choo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Jackson pitching for Indians. Montanez grounded out to second. Markakis grounded out to second. Mora flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Bass pitching for Orioles. Hafner reached on infield single to pitcher. Martinez singled to center, Hafner to second. Aubrey grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second, Hafner to third. Marte singled to center, Hafner scored, Aubrey to second. Barfield lined into double play, first to shortstop, Aubrey doubled off second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Jackson pitching for Indians. Huff grounded out to second. Hernandez flied out to left. Millar walked. Payton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Bass pitching for Orioles. Cabrera flied out to right. Sizemore grounded out to pitcher. Dellucci grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Jackson pitching for Indians. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Fahey tripled to deep right. Montanez doubled to right, Fahey scored. Markakis reached on infield single to first, Montanez to third. Mora doubled to deep left, Montanez and Markakis scored. Huff grounded out to second, Mora to third. Hernandez fouled out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Bass pitching for Orioles. Choo walked. Hafner grounded out to pitcher, Choo to second. Martinez walked. Aubrey grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Jackson pitching for Indians. Millar flied out to left. Payton flied out to left. Castro singled to center. Fahey walked, Castro to second. Montanez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fahey out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Bass pitching for Orioles. Marte walked. Barfield singled to left, Marte to second. Cabrera sacrificed to catcher, Marte to third, Barfield to second. Castillo pitching for Orioles. Sizemore walked. Francisco hit for Dellucci. Cormier pitching for Orioles. Francisco grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Marte and Barfield scored on throwing error by pitcher Cormier, Sizemore safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Cormier. Choo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Francisco out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Francisco in left field. Jackson pitching for Indians. Markakis singled to center. Mora lined out to shortstop. Huff doubled to deep right, Markakis to third. Hernandez grounded out to second, Markakis scored, Huff to third. Millar safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera, Huff scored. Payton flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 6th. Cormier pitching for Orioles. Hafner lined out to first. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Aubrey grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Jackson pitching for Indians. Castro popped out to second. Fahey struck out swinging. Montanez singled to left. Markakis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Cormier pitching for Orioles. Marte singled to right. Barfield struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher, Marte to second. Sizemore grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Donnelly pitching for Indians. Mora flied out to center. Huff walked. Hernandez singled to right, Huff to third. Millar hit sacrifice fly to right, Huff scored. Payton reached on infield single to shortstop, Hernandez to second. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Payton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Jones in center field. Payton in left field. Cormier pitching for Orioles. Francisco flied out to center. Walker pitching for Orioles. Choo singled to right. Hafner flied out to center. Martinez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Rundles pitching for Indians. Fahey struck out looking. Jones doubled to left. Markakis struck out swinging. Rincon pitching for Indians. Mora walked. Salazar ran for Mora. Huff fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Miller pitching for Orioles. Aubrey walked. Peralta hit for Marte. Peralta singled to left, Aubrey to second. Shoppach hit for Barfield. Shoppach struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to right. Sizemore grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 3 - Orioles 6.	Markakis snaps slump, carries Orioles past Indians\n