Indians - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Sizemore struck out swinging. Carroll singled to left. Francisco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carroll out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Bullington pitching for Indians. Cabrera flied out to right. Wise fouled out to third. Dye grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Peralta homered to left. Garko grounded out to shortstop. Hafner grounded out to second. Shoppach struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Bullington pitching for Indians. Thome grounded out to first. Konerko homered to left. Griffey Jr doubled to deep left center. Ramirez walked. Pierzynski singled to right, Griffey Jr to third, Ramirez to second. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Griffey Jr scored, Ramirez safe at third on error by third baseman Carroll, Pierzynski to second. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right, Ramirez scored. Wise flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Gutierrez singled to right. Cabrera grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gutierrez out at second. Sizemore grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Bullington pitching for Indians. Dye singled to center. Thome grounded into double play, second to third to first, Dye out at second. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Carroll struck out swinging. Francisco flied out to right. Peralta reached on infield single to pitcher. Garko singled to left, Peralta to second. Hafner flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Bullington pitching for Indians. Griffey Jr flied out to left. Ramirez grounded out to third. Pierzynski grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Shoppach struck out swinging. Gutierrez singled to left. Gutierrez picked off first. Cabrera walked. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Bullington pitching for Indians. Uribe grounded out to third. Cabrera grounded out to second. Wise singled to left. Wise stole second. Dye struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Carroll reached on infield single to shortstop. Francisco grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Carroll out at second. Peralta singled to left, Peralta to second on error by left fielder Wise. Garko flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Rundles pitching for Indians. Thome walked. Konerko grounded into double play, third to second to first, Thome out at second. Griffey Jr singled to center. Rincon pitching for Indians. Ramirez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Hafner struck out swinging. Shoppach singled to left. Gutierrez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Shoppach out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Rincon pitching for Indians. Pierzynski flied out to center. Uribe singled to center. Cabrera singled to right, Uribe to third. Wise grounded out to third, Cabrera to second. Dye singled to center, Uribe and Cabrera scored. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Thome singled to center, Dye to second. Konerko struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Anderson in center field. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Cabrera struck out swinging. Sizemore fouled out to third. Carroll flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Anderson fouled out to first. Ramirez grounded out to third. Pierzynski flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Francisco struck out swinging. Peralta lined out to second. Garko singled to right center. Hafner grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 1 - White Sox 5.	White Sox sink Tribe to stay alive in Central race