Rays - Top 1st. Berrios pitching for Twins. Kiermaier struck out swinging. Duffy lined out to right. Bauers flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Archer pitching for Rays. Mauer lined out to shortstop. Rosario singled to center. Dozier struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Berrios pitching for Twins. Ramos grounded out to third. Choi struck out swinging. Wendle grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Archer pitching for Rays. Polanco struck out swinging. Kepler homered to right (365 feet). Adrianza struck out swinging. Cave flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Berrios pitching for Twins. Gómez hit by pitch. Smith flied out to left. Hechavarria grounded out to first, Gómez to second. Kiermaier fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Archer pitching for Rays. Wilson singled to shallow left. Mauer struck out swinging. Rosario singled to right, Wilson to second. Dozier grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wilson out at second, Rosario to second, Rosario to third on throwing error by third baseman Duffy. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Top 4th. Berrios pitching for Twins. Duffy singled to center. Bauers walked, Duffy to second. Ramos doubled to right, Duffy and Bauers scored. Choi flied out to right. Wendle grounded out to pitcher, Ramos to third. Gómez doubled to left, Ramos scored. Smith hit ground rule double to deep center, Gómez scored. Hechavarria lined out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Archer pitching for Rays. Polanco singled to left. Kepler struck out swinging. Adrianza flied out to center. Cave struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Berrios pitching for Twins. Kiermaier struck out swinging. Duffy singled to center. Bauers struck out swinging. Duffy caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Archer pitching for Rays. Wilson safe at first on error by second baseman Wendle. Mauer walked, Wilson to second. Rosario flied out to center. Castillo pitching for Rays. Dozier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mauer out at second, Wilson to third. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop, Wilson scored, Dozier to second. Polanco struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rays - Top 6th. Berrios pitching for Twins. Ramos grounded out to third. Choi struck out swinging. Wendle walked. Gómez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Sucre catching. Kolarek pitching for Rays. Kepler struck out swinging. Adrianza singled to left. Grossman hit for Cave. Grossman reached on infield single to shortstop, Adrianza to second. Wilson singled to right, Adrianza to third, Grossman to second. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to first, Adrianza scored, Wilson out at second, Grossman to third. Rosario doubled to deep center, Grossman and Mauer scored. Dozier intentionally walked. Escobar singled to left, Rosario scored, Dozier tagged out at home. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Kepler in center field. Grossman in right field. Berrios pitching for Twins. Smith walked. Hechavarria singled to center, Smith to second. Duke pitching for Twins. Kiermaier singled to left, Smith scored, Hechavarria to second. Duffy singled to right, Hechavarria scored, Kiermaier to second. Bauers grounded into fielder's choice to first, Duffy out at second, Kiermaier to third. Bauers to second on wild pitch by Duke. Sucre hit sacrifice fly to right, Kiermaier scored. Cron hit for Choi. Cron intentionally walked. Wendle tripled to deep right center, Bauers and Cron scored. Pressly pitching for Twins. Gómez struck out looking. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Schultz pitching for Rays. Polanco flied out to right. Kepler flied out to right. Adrianza walked. Grossman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Twins. Smith singled to center. Hechavarria singled to left, Smith to second. Kiermaier reached on bunt single to pitcher, Smith to third, Hechavarria to second. Duffy struck out swinging. Bauers doubled to right, Smith and Hechavarria scored, Kiermaier to third. Sucre grounded out to second, Kiermaier scored, Bauers to third. Cron homered to left center (389 feet), Bauers scored. Wendle singled to left, Wendle out stretching at second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Robertson at third base. Schultz pitching for Rays. Wilson struck out swinging. Mauer flied out to center. Rosario fouled out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Astudillo pitching for Twins. Gómez homered to left (396 feet). Smith doubled to deep right. Hechavarria singled to left center, Smith to third. Kiermaier grounded out to first, Smith scored, Hechavarria to second. Robertson singled to center, Hechavarria scored. Bauers homered to right (407 feet), Robertson scored. Sucre flied out to left. Cron popped out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Schultz pitching for Rays. Dozier walked. Garver hit for Escobar. Garver struck out looking. Polanco popped out to third. Kepler walked, Dozier to second. Romo pitching for Rays. Adrianza walked, Dozier to third, Kepler to second. Grossman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 19 - Twins 6.	Rays score 15 runs in final three innings to beat Twins 19-6