Rays - Top 1st. Cashner pitching for Orioles. Kiermaier singled to left center. Wendle walked, Kiermaier to second. Bauers grounded out to first, Kiermaier to third, Wendle to second. Choi grounded out to shortstop, Kiermaier scored, Wendle to third. Robertson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Archer pitching for Rays. Beckham doubled to deep right. Schoop grounded out to second, Beckham to third. Jones singled to center, Beckham scored. Trumbo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at second. Davis fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Cashner pitching for Orioles. Smith hit by pitch. Gómez flied out to right. Smith picked off first. Perez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Archer pitching for Rays. Valencia singled to right. Mancini grounded into double play, third to second to first, Valencia out at second. Rickard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Cashner pitching for Orioles. Adames grounded out to shortstop. Kiermaier singled to right. Wendle grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kiermaier out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Archer pitching for Rays. Joseph grounded out to first. Beckham lined out to left. Schoop grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Cashner pitching for Orioles. Bauers grounded out to second. Choi grounded out to second. Robertson walked. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Archer pitching for Rays. Jones singled to right. Trumbo lined out to second. Davis walked, Jones to second. Valencia singled to right, Jones scored, Davis to third, Davis scored, Valencia to second on throwing error by right fielder Gómez. Mancini walked. Rickard struck out swinging. Joseph grounded into fielder's choice to third, Valencia out at third, Mancini to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Top 5th. Cashner pitching for Orioles. Gómez struck out swinging. Perez singled to left center. Adames flied out to right. Kiermaier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Archer pitching for Rays. Beckham flied out to left. Schoop homered to left center (446 feet). Jones flied out to center. Trumbo singled to deep right. Davis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Cashner pitching for Orioles. Wendle singled to center. Bauers singled to left center, Wendle to second. Choi walked, Wendle to third, Bauers to second. Robertson hit sacrifice fly to right, Wendle scored, Choi out at second, Bauers to third. Smith flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Archer pitching for Rays. Valencia grounded out to second. Mancini struck out swinging. Rickard flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Givens pitching for Orioles. Gómez reached on infield single to second. Perez singled to right, Gómez to second. Adames bunt popped out foul to third. Kiermaier grounded into fielder's choice to second, Perez out at second, Gómez to third, Gómez scored, Kiermaier to second on throwing error by shortstop Beckham. Wendle flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Pruitt pitching for Rays. Joseph safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Adames. Beckham reached on infield single to pitcher, Joseph to second. Schoop singled to left center, Joseph scored, Beckham to third. Jones homered to left center (384 feet), Beckham and Schoop scored. Trumbo walked. Davis flied out to center. Valencia singled to right, Trumbo to second. Mancini singled to right center, Trumbo to third, Valencia to second. Peterson ran for Mancini. Rickard doubled to left, Trumbo, Valencia and Peterson scored. Joseph struck out swinging. Beckham walked. Kittredge pitching for Rays. Schoop singled to left, Rickard scored, Beckham to second. Jones grounded out to third. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Top 8th. Peterson in left field. Castro pitching for Orioles. Bauers struck out swinging. Choi walked. Robertson hit by pitch, Choi to second. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to first, Robertson out at second, Choi to third. Gómez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Wendle in right field. Hechavarria at shortstop. Adames at second base. Gómez pitching for Rays. Trumbo walked. Davis walked, Trumbo to second. Núñez hit for Valencia. Trumbo to third, Davis to second on balk by Gómez. Trumbo scored, Davis to third on balk by Gómez. Núñez flied out to center. Peterson walked. Rickard walked, Peterson to second. Sucre pitching for Rays. Wynns hit for Joseph. Wynns singled to right, Davis scored, Peterson to third, Rickard to second. Beckham grounded out to third, Peterson scored, Rickard to third, Wynns to second. Schoop popped out to first. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Núñez at third base. Wynns catching. Mariñez pitching for Orioles. Perez singled to left center. Adames singled to center, Perez to second. Kiermaier grounded out to pitcher, Perez to third, Adames to second. Wendle walked. Bauers walked, Perez scored, Adames to third, Wendle to second. Hechavarria hit sacrifice fly to center, Adames scored. Robertson lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 5 - Orioles 15.	Trade-bait Jones shines as Orioles beat Archer, Rays 15-5