Twins - Top 1st . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Dozier struck out swinging . Hunter homered to left center ( 390 feet ) . Mauer struck out swinging . Plouffe singled to shallow center . Rosario grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Hughes pitching for Twins . Hamilton flied out to left . De Jesús lined out to shortstop . Votto lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Núñez doubled to left . Suzuki grounded out to second , Núñez to third . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Núñez scored . Hughes grounded out to second . Dozier struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Hughes pitching for Twins . Frazier doubled to deep center . Bruce flied out to center . Byrd flied out to right . Barnhart lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Hunter struck out swinging . Mauer singled to center . Plouffe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mauer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Hughes pitching for Twins . Suárez homered to center ( 418 feet ) . DeSclafani flied out to center . Hamilton singled to center . De Jesús grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hamilton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Rosario singled to right . Núñez struck out swinging . Suzuki singled to left , Rosario to second . Rosario to third , Suzuki to second on wild pitch by DeSclafani . Santana struck out swinging . Hughes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Hughes pitching for Twins . Votto flied out to left . Frazier fouled out to first . Bruce struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Dozier singled to center . Hunter singled to right , Dozier to third . Mauer hit sacrifice fly to center , Dozier scored . Plouffe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hunter out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Hughes pitching for Twins . Byrd grounded out to third . Barnhart singled to center . Suárez struck out looking . DeSclafani singled to center , Barnhart to second . Hamilton lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Rosario flied out to left . Núñez singled to left . Núñez stole second . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop , Núñez to third . Santana intentionally walked . Santana stole second . Hughes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Hughes pitching for Twins . De Jesús singled to center . Votto flied out to center . Frazier struck out looking . Bruce grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , De Jesús out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Dozier doubled to deep left . Dozier to third on wild pitch by DeSclafani . Hunter struck out swinging . Mauer walked . Plouffe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Dozier scored , Mauer out at second . Rosario singled to right , Plouffe to second . Badenhop pitching for Reds . Núñez singled to right , Plouffe scored , Rosario to third , Núñez to second advancing on throw . Suzuki singled to center , Rosario and Núñez scored . Santana struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Hughes pitching for Twins . Byrd homered to left center ( 395 feet ) . Barnhart walked . Suárez struck out swinging . Schumaker hit for Badenhop . Schumaker grounded out to pitcher , Barnhart to second . Hamilton reached on infield single to shortstop , Barnhart to third . Boyer pitching for Twins . De Jesús singled to center , Barnhart scored , Hamilton to second . Votto reached on infield single to second , Hamilton to third , De Jesús to second , Hamilton scored , De Jesús to third , Votto to second on throwing error by second baseman Dozier . De Jesús scored , Votto to third on wild pitch by Boyer . Frazier fouled out to catcher . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Hoover pitching for Reds . Vargas hit for Boyer . Vargas struck out swinging . Dozier struck out swinging . Hunter doubled to deep right . Mauer singled to center , Hunter scored . Plouffe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mauer out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Fien pitching for Twins . Bruce grounded out to third . Byrd flied out to center . Barnhart safe at first on error by first baseman Mauer . Suárez singled to left , Barnhart to second . Peña hit for Hoover . Peña grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Top 9th . Contreras pitching for Reds . Rosario struck out swinging . Núñez walked . Suzuki walked , Núñez to second . Santana grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Hamilton lined out to pitcher . De Jesús flied out to right . Votto walked . Votto to second on fielder 's indifference . Votto to third on wild pitch by Perkins . Frazier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 8 - Reds 5 .	Hunter homers , Twins beat Reds 8 - 5 after long weather delay