Reds - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hamilton struck out looking . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Votto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Inciarte grounded out to second . Pollock singled to right . Pollock stole second . Goldschmidt doubled to deep left , Pollock scored . Peralta singled to center , Goldschmidt to third . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Lamb flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . Bruce lined out to center . Suárez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Owings grounded out to first . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Corbin walked . Inciarte grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Corbin out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . De Jesús singled to left . Barnhart grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , De Jesús out at second . DeSclafani struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Pollock grounded out to third . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right . Goldschmidt caught stealing third , catcher to third . Peralta singled to center . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hamilton hit ground rule double to deep left . Phillips struck out swinging . Votto walked . Byrd singled to center , Hamilton scored , Votto to second . Bruce singled to right , Votto to third , Byrd to second . Suárez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Votto scored , Bruce out at second , Byrd to third . De Jesús lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Lamb grounded out to second . Owings lined out to third . Ahmed singled to right . Corbin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnhart grounded out to second . DeSclafani struck out swinging . Hamilton singled to right center . Phillips fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Inciarte singled to right . Pollock grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Inciarte out at second . Goldschmidt singled to center . Peralta doubled to deep center , Goldschmidt scored . Saltalamacchia singled to right , Peralta scored , Saltalamacchia thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Votto grounded out to first . Byrd grounded out to first . Bruce grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . Owings lined out to right . Ahmed grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Suárez doubled to right center . De Jesús doubled to deep center , Suárez scored . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnhart bunt popped out foul to catcher . Frazier hit for DeSclafani . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Frazier struck out looking . Hamilton lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Badenhop pitching for Reds . Hill hit for Hernandez . Hill singled to left center . Inciarte sacrificed to first , Hill to second . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Phillips singled to center . Phillips stole second . Votto grounded out to second , Phillips to third . Byrd walked . Bruce struck out swinging , Byrd stole second . Suárez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Parra pitching for Reds . Peralta singled to right center . Saltalamacchia flied out to center . Lamb singled to center , Peralta to second . Owings lined out to right , Peralta to third . Hoover pitching for Reds . Ahmed flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . De Jesús grounded out to pitcher . Barnhart grounded out to second . Schumaker hit for Hoover . Schumaker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Díaz pitching for Reds . Tomás hit for Ziegler . Tomás grounded out to shortstop . Inciarte flied out to left . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 10th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Hamilton struck out swinging . Phillips grounded out to first . Votto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Mattheus pitching for Reds . Goldschmidt walked . Peralta singled to right , Goldschmidt to second . Saltalamacchia sacrificed to pitcher , Goldschmidt to third , Peralta to second . Lamb intentionally walked . Owings singled to deep center , Goldschmidt scored , Peralta to third , Lamb to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 3 - Diamondbacks 4 .	D - backs win in 10 after umps sort out silliness