Reds - Top 1st . Heston pitching for Giants . Bourgeois walked . Bourgeois stole second . Bourgeois safe at third on throwing error by catcher Posey . Bruce struck out swinging . Votto walked . Phillips singled to right , Bourgeois scored , Votto to second . Frazier struck out looking . De Jesús tripled to deep right center , Votto and Phillips scored . Duvall struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 1st . Lamb pitching for Reds . Pagán struck out swinging . Tomlinson singled to center . Duffy singled to right , Tomlinson to second . Posey grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Duffy out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Heston pitching for Giants . Barnhart struck out swinging . Lamb struck out swinging . Bourgeois struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Lamb pitching for Reds . Byrd flied out to right . Belt struck out looking . Pérez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Heston pitching for Giants . Bruce grounded out to pitcher . Votto grounded out to first . Phillips singled to center . Frazier flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Lamb pitching for Reds . Adrianza grounded out to shortstop . Heston grounded out to shortstop . Pagán grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Heston pitching for Giants . De Jesús grounded out to second . Duvall walked . Barnhart grounded out to second , Duvall to second . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Lamb pitching for Reds . Tomlinson reached on infield single to first . Duffy singled to center , Tomlinson to second . Posey homered to left ( 392 feet ) , Tomlinson and Duffy scored . Byrd struck out swinging . Belt doubled to right . Pérez grounded out to third , Belt to third . Adrianza grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Heston pitching for Giants . Bourgeois struck out swinging . Bruce fouled out to left . Votto walked . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Votto out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Mattheus pitching for Reds . Parker hit for Heston . Parker homered to right center ( 400 feet ) . Pagán grounded out to pitcher . Tomlinson grounded out to third . Duffy grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Broadway pitching for Giants . Frazier popped out to second . De Jesús struck out swinging . Duvall struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Mattheus pitching for Reds . Posey grounded out to third . Byrd safe at first on throwing error by shortstop De Jesús . Parra pitching for Reds . Schumaker in left field . Belt doubled to deep right , Byrd scored , Belt thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Pérez doubled to right center . Adrianza grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 7th . Osich pitching for Giants . Barnhart struck out swinging . Schumaker walked . Bourgeois safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Osich , Schumaker advanced to second on Osich throwing error , Schumaker tagged out at home attempting to advance on play . Bruce singled to right , Bourgeois scored . López pitching for Giants . Votto safe at first on error by first baseman Belt , Bruce to third . Strickland pitching for Giants . Phillips singled to right , Bruce scored , Votto to second . Frazier hit by pitch , Votto to third , Phillips to second . De Jesús walked , Votto scored , Phillips to third , Frazier to second . Cabrera hit for Parra . Kontos pitching for Giants . De Aza in left field . Cabrera singled to left center , Phillips and Frazier scored , De Jesús to third . De Jesús out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Barnhart batting . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . LeCure pitching for Reds . De Aza struck out swinging . Pagán lined out to center . Tomlinson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Barnhart singled to center . Schumaker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Barnhart out at second . Bourgeois grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Bourgeois in left field . LaMarre in center field . Hoover pitching for Reds . Duffy struck out looking . Posey walked . Posey to second on wild pitch by Hoover . Byrd walked . Chapman pitching for Reds . Belt struck out swinging . Bumgarner hit for Affeldt . Bumgarner walked , Posey to third , Byrd to second . Noonan ran for Bumgarner . Adrianza hit by pitch , Posey scored , Byrd to third , Noonan to second . De Aza struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Hall pitching for Giants . Bruce grounded out to shortstop . Votto grounded out to second . Phillips struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Chapman pitching for Reds . Pagán hit ground rule double to left . Tomlinson grounded out to shortstop . Duffy reached on infield single to third , Pagán scored , Duffy to second on throwing error by third baseman Frazier . Posey singled to left , Duffy scored , Posey to second advancing on throw . Byrd popped out to second . Belt fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 10th . Romo pitching for Giants . Frazier homered to left center ( 422 feet ) . De Jesús singled to left . LaMarre sacrificed to first , De Jesús to second . Barnhart grounded out to first , De Jesús to third . Boesch hit for Chapman . Boesch grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 10th . Díaz pitching for Reds . Leake hit for Romo . Leake struck out swinging . Adrianza struck out swinging . De Aza hit ground rule double to deep right center . Pagán fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 9 - Giants 8 .	Todd Frazier homers in 10th as Reds hold off Giants 9 - 8