Marlins - Top 1st. Matz pitching for Mets. Gordon popped out to second. Ozuna grounded out to second. Yelich reached on infield single to third. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Cosart pitching for Marlins. Granderson grounded out to first. Wright reached on infield single to shortstop. Céspedes lined out to center. Duda grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Matz pitching for Mets. Prado walked. Johnson walked, Prado to second. Realmuto singled to left, Prado to third, Johnson to second. Hechavarría singled to shallow left, Prado and Johnson scored, Realmuto to third. Cosart sacrificed to first, Hechavarría to second. Gordon reached on infield single to second, Realmuto scored, Hechavarría to third. Gordon stole second. Ozuna fouled out to first. Yelich singled to center, Hechavarría and Gordon scored. Stanton homered to left center (417 feet), Yelich scored. Robles pitching for Mets. Prado struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Cosart pitching for Marlins. Walker struck out swinging. Conforto grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Robles pitching for Mets. Johnson doubled to deep center. Realmuto singled to center, Johnson to third. Hechavarría hit sacrifice fly to right, Johnson scored. Cosart bunt popped out foul to first. Gordon flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Cosart pitching for Marlins. d'Arnaud walked. Robles bunted into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second, d'Arnaud out at second. Granderson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Robles pitching for Mets. Ozuna doubled to left. Yelich struck out swinging. Stanton struck out swinging. Prado reached on infield single to second, Ozuna to third. Johnson walked, Prado to second. Realmuto fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Cosart pitching for Marlins. Wright doubled to deep left center. Céspedes singled to left, Wright scored. Duda singled to right, Céspedes to third. Walker struck out swinging. Céspedes scored, Duda to third on wild pitch by Cosart. Conforto walked. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to first, Duda scored, Conforto out at second. d'Arnaud grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Bastardo pitching for Mets. Flores at shortstop. Hechavarría struck out swinging. Cosart grounded out to pitcher. Gordon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Cosart pitching for Marlins. Flores safe at first on error by second baseman Gordon. Flores to second on wild pitch by Cosart. Granderson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Flores out at third, Granderson to second. Wright walked. Céspedes lined out to second. Narveson pitching for Marlins. Duda struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 6th. Bastardo pitching for Mets. Ozuna homered to right (350 feet). Yelich struck out swinging. Stanton walked. Prado singled to center, Stanton to second. Johnson singled to right, Stanton to third, Prado to second. Realmuto reached on infield single to shortstop, Stanton scored, Prado to third, Johnson to second. Reed pitching for Mets. Campbell at first base. Hechavarría struck out swinging. Narveson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Narveson pitching for Marlins. Walker flied out to center. Conforto reached on infield single to shortstop. Campbell struck out swinging. d'Arnaud fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Reed pitching for Mets. Gordon grounded out to second. Ozuna struck out looking. Yelich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Flores grounded out to third. Granderson walked. Wright struck out swinging. Céspedes singled to left, Granderson to second. De Aza hit for Reed. De Aza struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Familia pitching for Mets. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. Prado walked. Johnson hit into fielder's choice to right, Prado out at second. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Breslow pitching for Marlins. Suzuki in right field. Walker singled to right center. Lagares hit for Conforto. Lagares struck out swinging. Campbell flied out to right. d'Arnaud flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Blevins pitching for Mets. Lagares in left field. Hechavarría struck out looking. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop. Ozuna grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Morris pitching for Marlins. Flores flied out to center. Granderson flied out to left. Wright lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 10 - Mets 3.	Stanton, Marlins tag Matz in 10-3 win over scuffling Mets