Braves - Top 1st. Chen pitching for Marlins. Markakis walked. Castro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second. Freeman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Braves. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Ozuna doubled to left. Yelich singled to left, Ozuna to third. Stanton singled to center, Ozuna scored, Yelich to third. Prado grounded into double play, second to first, Stanton out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Chen pitching for Marlins. García grounded out to shortstop. Beckham flied out to left. Francoeur grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Braves. Bour singled to center. Realmuto struck out looking. Hechavarría grounded out to second, Bour to second. Chen grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Chen pitching for Marlins. Flowers struck out swinging. Stubbs struck out swinging. Pérez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Braves. Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop. Ozuna singled to center, Gordon to third. Yelich grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gordon scored, Ozuna out at second. Stanton safe at first on error by third baseman García. Prado safe at second on throwing error by third baseman García, Stanton to third. Bour intentionally walked. Realmuto grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Chen pitching for Marlins. Markakis grounded out to second. Castro grounded out to third. Freeman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Braves. Hechavarría walked. Chen sacrificed to third, Hechavarría to second. Gordon grounded out to first, Hechavarría to third. Ozuna grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Chen pitching for Marlins. García lined out to center. Beckham singled to left. Francoeur grounded into double play, third to second to first, Beckham out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Braves. Yelich doubled to deep right. Stanton lined out to left. Prado doubled to deep left, Yelich scored. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Bour grounded out to second, Prado to third. Withrow pitching for Braves. Realmuto grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Chen pitching for Marlins. Flowers struck out swinging. Stubbs grounded out to shortstop. Peterson hit for Withrow. Peterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Ogando pitching for Braves. Hechavarría flied out to right. Chen grounded out to pitcher. Gordon fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Chen pitching for Marlins. Markakis struck out swinging. Castro singled to center. Freeman singled to right, Castro to second. García doubled to right, Castro scored, Freeman to third. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Beckham grounded out to shortstop, Freeman scored. Johnson hit for Francoeur. Johnson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Johnson in left field. Ogando pitching for Braves. Ozuna singled to left. Yelich struck out looking. Stanton walked, Ozuna to second. Prado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stanton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Flowers singled to right. Smith ran for Flowers. Stubbs struck out looking. Pierzynski hit for Ogando. Smith stole second. Pierzynski hit by pitch. Narveson pitching for Marlins. Markakis singled to left, Smith scored, Pierzynski to second. Castro flied out to center. Freeman hit by pitch, Pierzynski to third, Markakis to second. Morris pitching for Marlins. García singled to center, Pierzynski and Markakis scored, Freeman to second. Beckham singled to left, Freeman scored, García to second. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Johnson pitching for Braves. Beckham at third base. Johnson at second base. Smith in center field. Stubbs in left field. Pierzynski catching. Bour lined out to third. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Hechavarría singled to center. Dietrich hit for Morris. Vizcaíno pitching for Braves. Dietrich walked, Hechavarría to second. Gordon reached on infield single to pitcher, Hechavarría to third, Dietrich to second. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Breslow pitching for Marlins. Smith flied out to right. Stubbs struck out swinging. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Vizcaino pitching for Braves. Yelich singled to left. Stanton struck out swinging. Prado flied out to center. Yelich to second on fielder's indifference. Bour walked. Rojas ran for Bour. Realmuto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 6 - Marlins 3.	Braves earn 1st win, avoid matching worst start