Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Gosselin flied out to center. Drury flied out to right. Goldschmidt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Realmuto doubled to deep left. Prado singled to center, Realmuto to third. Yelich grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Realmuto scored, Prado out at second. Stanton grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Yelich out at second. Ozuna struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Weeks Jr. singled to center. Tomás walked, Weeks Jr. to second. Castillo singled to left, Weeks Jr. to third, Tomás to second. Owings hit into fielder's choice to right, Weeks Jr. scored, Castillo out at second, Tomás to third. Ahmed hit sacrifice fly to center, Tomás scored, Owings to second. Corbin grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson grounded out to third. Hechavarría grounded out to second. Rojas singled to left. Nicolino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Gosselin lined out to center. Drury singled to center. Goldschmidt singled to left, Drury to second. Weeks Jr. flied out to center. Tomás grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Realmuto grounded out to pitcher. Prado grounded out to third. Yelich struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Castillo grounded out to third. Owings walked. Ahmed singled to center, Owings to third. Corbin sacrificed to pitcher, Ahmed to second. Gosselin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Stanton safe at first on error by third baseman Drury. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to second, Stanton out at second. Johnson popped out to second. Hechavarría grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Drury grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt walked. Weeks Jr. grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Rojas singled to right. Nicolino sacrificed to pitcher, Rojas to second. Realmuto flied out to left, Rojas to third. Prado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Nicolino pitching for Marlins. Tomás singled to left. Castillo homered to right center (381 feet), Tomás scored. Owings grounded out to third. Ahmed flied out to right. Corbin flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Yelich grounded out to pitcher. Stanton walked. Ozuna homered to left (427 feet), Stanton scored. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson walked. Hechavarría walked, Johnson to second. Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks. Dietrich hit for Rojas. Dietrich hit by pitch, Johnson to third, Hechavarría to second. Suzuki hit for Nicolino. Suzuki singled to center, Johnson and Hechavarría scored, Dietrich to second. Realmuto popped out to shortstop. Prado grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Dietrich at second base. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Gosselin struck out looking. Drury singled to center. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third, Drury to second. Peralta hit for Weeks Jr.. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Goldschmidt out at second, Drury to third. Tomás struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Peralta in right field. Tomás in left field. Clippard pitching for Diamondbacks. Yelich homered to right center (437 feet). Stanton struck out swinging. Ozuna struck out swinging. Johnson struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Castillo struck out swinging. Owings struck out swinging. Ahmed struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks. Hechavarría singled to right. Dietrich walked, Hechavarría to second. Bour hit for Phelps. Bour walked, Hechavarría to third, Dietrich to second. Realmuto hit sacrifice fly to left, Hechavarría scored, Dietrich to third. Prado flied out to center, Dietrich out at home. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Lamb hit for Burgos. Lamb struck out swinging. Gosselin popped out to first. Drury lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Marlins 7.	Suzuki's pinch-hit helps Marlins beat Arizona 7-4