Marlins - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Realmuto fouled out to third. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Yelich singled to right. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Revere singled to right center. Revere caught stealing second, catcher to second. Rendon walked. Harper walked, Rendon to second. Murphy fouled out to catcher. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Ozuna flied out to right. Johnson struck out swinging. Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Werth lined out to shortstop. Espinosa grounded out to first. Lobatón walked. Gonzalez doubled to deep center, Lobatón thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Rojas struck out swinging. Koehler struck out looking. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Revere grounded out to second. Rendon struck out swinging. Harper walked. Murphy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Prado flied out to left. Yelich struck out swinging. Stanton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman popped out to third. Werth singled to center. Espinosa fouled out to third. Lobatón walked, Werth to second. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Ozuna walked. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ozuna safe at second on error by second baseman Murphy. Hechavarría struck out swinging. Rojas reached on infield single to second, Ozuna to third, Johnson to second, Ozuna and Johnson scored, Rojas to second on throwing error by second baseman Murphy. Koehler struck out swinging. Realmuto reached on infield single to third, Rojas to third. Prado walked, Realmuto to second. Yelich grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Revere grounded out to second. Rendon struck out looking. Harper singled to center. Murphy reached on infield single to pitcher, Harper to second. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Stanton singled to left center. Ozuna singled to shallow right center, Stanton to second. Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop, Stanton to third, Ozuna to second. Petit pitching for Nationals. Hechavarría struck out swinging. Dietrich hit for Rojas. Pérez pitching for Nationals. Dietrich grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Dietrich at second base. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Werth flied out to right. Espinosa flied out to center. Lobatón singled to left. Drew hit for Pérez. Morris pitching for Marlins. Drew homered to right center (403 feet), Lobatón scored. Revere grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Suzuki hit for Morris. Suzuki grounded out to second. Realmuto singled to shallow left center. Prado grounded out to third, Realmuto to second. Realmuto stole third. Yelich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Rendon walked. Harper homered to right center (410 feet), Rendon scored. Murphy struck out swinging. Zimmerman struck out looking. Werth struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Stanton doubled to deep right. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop, Stanton to third. Johnson grounded out to third, Stanton scored. Hechavarría grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Espinosa struck out swinging. Lobatón struck out swinging. Heisey hit for Treinen. Heisey homered to left center (411 feet). Revere grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Rivero pitching for Nationals. Dietrich hit by pitch. Gillespie hit for McGowan. Gillespie struck out swinging. Papelbon pitching for Nationals. Realmuto struck out swinging. Dietrich to second on fielder's indifference. Prado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 3 - Nationals 5.	Harper hits tiebreaking homer in 7th, Nationals beat Marlins