Marlins - Top 1st. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Dietrich walked. Realmuto fouled out to first. Yelich doubled to deep center, Dietrich scored, Yelich to third advancing on throw. Stanton struck out swinging. Ozuna doubled to left, Yelich scored. Bour grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Lough walked. Lough caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Hernández walked. Blanco grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Johnson singled to left. Rojas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. Koehler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Howard grounded out to second. Franco reached on infield single to third. Rupp struck out swinging. Goeddel singled to center, Franco to second. Hellickson walked, Franco to third, Goeddel to second. Bourjos flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Dietrich flied out to left. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Yelich grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Lough safe at first on error by first baseman Bour. Hernández reached on bunt single to pitcher, Lough to second. Blanco doubled to right, Lough scored, Hernández to third. Howard struck out swinging. Franco intentionally walked. Rupp singled to center, Hernández and Blanco scored, Franco to second. Goeddel singled to center, Franco to third, Rupp to second. Hellickson struck out swinging. Bourjos lined out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 4th. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Stanton struck out swinging. Ozuna grounded out to third. Bour grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Lough lined out to center. Hernández struck out swinging. Blanco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Rojas grounded out to second. Koehler lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Howard grounded out to shortstop. Franco grounded out to shortstop. Rupp walked. Goeddel grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rupp out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Hellickson pitching for Phillies. Dietrich reached on infield single to second. Realmuto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dietrich out at second. Yelich singled to right. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Burriss hit for Hellickson. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Burriss singled to right. Bourjos sacrificed to third, Burriss to second. Lough grounded out to second, Burriss to third. Hernández grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. Ozuna struck out swinging. Bour fouled out to first. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Blanco grounded out to first. Howard grounded out to second. Franco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Blanco at first base. Neris pitching for Phillies. Galvis at shortstop. Suzuki hit for Rojas. Suzuki reached on infield single to second. Prado hit for Koehler. Prado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suzuki out at second. Dietrich flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Hechavarría at shortstop. Ureña pitching for Marlins. Rupp struck out swinging. Goeddel homered to left center (418 feet). Galvis lined out to second. Bourjos struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Gómez pitching for Phillies. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Yelich grounded out to second. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 2 - Phillies 4.	Goeddel, Hellickson lead Phillies over Marlins 4-2