Marlins - Top 1st. Pelfrey pitching for Tigers. Suzuki popped out to third. Prado safe at first on error by third baseman Castellanos. Yelich grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Prado out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Conley pitching for Marlins. Kinsler struck out swinging. Maybin struck out looking. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Pelfrey pitching for Tigers. Ozuna singled to center. Stanton homered to center (441 feet), Ozuna scored. Bour singled to center. Dietrich singled to left center, Bour to second. Realmuto reached on infield single to second, Bour to third, Dietrich to second. Hechavarría grounded into double play, first to catcher to first, Bour out at home, Dietrich to third, Realmuto to second. Suzuki grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Conley pitching for Marlins. Martínez struck out swinging. Castellanos tripled to deep right center. Upton struck out swinging. McCann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Pelfrey pitching for Tigers. Prado grounded out to third. Yelich grounded out to first. Ozuna singled to center. Stanton singled to left, Ozuna to third, Stanton to second advancing on throw. Bour popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Conley pitching for Marlins. Aviles flied out to left. Iglesias walked. Kinsler struck out looking. Maybin singled to center, Iglesias to third, Maybin to second advancing on throw. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Pelfrey pitching for Tigers. Dietrich grounded out to first. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Hechavarría singled to left. Suzuki walked, Hechavarría to second. Prado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Martínez lined out to left. Castellanos flied out to right. Upton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Pelfrey pitching for Tigers. Yelich doubled to deep left, Yelich to third on error by left fielder Upton. Ozuna popped out to shortstop. Stanton singled to right center, Yelich scored, Stanton to second on error by right fielder Aviles. Bour grounded out to third, Stanton to third. Dietrich struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Conley pitching for Marlins. McCann struck out swinging. Aviles walked. Iglesias homered to left center (409 feet), Aviles scored. Kinsler doubled to deep left. Maybin walked. Cabrera homered to left center (421 feet), Kinsler and Maybin scored. Wittgren pitching for Marlins. Martínez singled to deep right. Castellanos homered to center (433 feet), Martínez scored. Upton popped out to second. McCann struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Pelfrey pitching for Tigers. Realmuto grounded out to first. Hechavarría singled to right. Suzuki singled to right, Hechavarría to second. Rondón pitching for Tigers. Prado flied out to center. Yelich singled to left center, Hechavarría scored, Suzuki to second. Ozuna flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Aviles fouled out to first. Iglesias flied out to right. Kinsler popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Rondon pitching for Tigers. Stanton struck out swinging. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Bour grounded out to shortstop. Dietrich reached on infield single to second. Realmuto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Maybin grounded out to third. Cabrera lined out to center. Martínez singled to right. Castellanos reached on infield single to shortstop, Martínez to second. Upton lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Greene pitching for Tigers. Hechavarría singled to center. Suzuki singled to center, Hechavarría to third. Prado hit sacrifice fly to left, Hechavarría scored. Yelich lined out to left. Ozuna grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. McCann struck out swinging. Aviles struck out looking. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Rodríguez pitching for Tigers. Stanton fouled out to first. Bour struck out swinging. Dietrich walked. Realmuto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Tigers 7.	Tigers homer 3 times in 7-run 5th, beat Marlins 7-5