Marlins - Top 1st. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Dietrich flied out to center. Prado grounded out to second. Yelich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Chen pitching for Marlins. Peterson singled to center. d'Arnaud lined out to second. Freeman singled to right, Peterson to second. García struck out swinging. Markakis lined out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Ozuna safe at first on error by third baseman García. Stanton walked, Ozuna to second. Bour homered to center (404 feet), Ozuna and Stanton scored. Realmuto singled to left. Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop, Realmuto to second. Realmuto to third on balk by Foltynewicz. Chen grounded out to first. Dietrich hit by pitch. Prado flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Chen pitching for Marlins. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Flowers struck out swinging. Aybar singled to right. Foltynewicz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Aybar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Yelich walked. Ozuna struck out swinging. Stanton popped out to shortstop. Bour popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Chen pitching for Marlins. Peterson singled to center. d'Arnaud grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peterson out at second. Freeman tripled to right, d'Arnaud scored. García grounded out to third. Markakis singled to center, Freeman scored. Francoeur fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Jenkins pitching for Braves. Realmuto singled to right. Hechavarría lined out to shortstop. Chen struck out bunting foul. Dietrich grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Chen pitching for Marlins. Flowers doubled to right. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. Jenkins flied out to right. Peterson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Jenkins pitching for Braves. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Yelich walked. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to third, Yelich out at second. Stanton walked, Ozuna to second. Bour walked, Ozuna to third, Stanton to second. Realmuto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Chen pitching for Marlins. d'Arnaud flied out to center. Freeman walked. García grounded into double play, third to second to first, Freeman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Jenkins pitching for Braves. Hechavarría singled to right. Chen bunted into fielder's choice to first, Hechavarría out at second. Álvarez pitching for Braves. Chen to second on wild pitch by Álvarez. Dietrich struck out swinging. Prado intentionally walked. Yelich grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Chen pitching for Marlins. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Francoeur walked. Flowers doubled to deep left, Francoeur to third. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Aybar reached on infield single to shortstop, Francoeur scored, Flowers to third. Snyder hit for Álvarez. Snyder tripled to deep center, Flowers and Aybar scored. Peterson flied out to left. d'Arnaud singled to left, Snyder scored. d'Arnaud stole second. Freeman struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Withrow pitching for Braves. Ozuna struck out swinging. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. Bour grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. García popped out to second. Markakis singled to left. Markakis to second on wild pitch by Barraclough. Francoeur struck out swinging. Flowers doubled to deep center, Markakis scored. Aybar grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Braves. Bonifacio in left field. Realmuto singled to left center. Realmuto to second on wild pitch by Johnson. Hechavarría grounded out to pitcher, Realmuto to third. Suzuki hit for Barraclough. Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to center, Realmuto scored. Dietrich hit by pitch. Prado singled to center, Dietrich to second. Yelich struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Bonifacio safe at second on error by third baseman Prado. Peterson flied out to left, Bonifacio to third. d'Arnaud hit ground rule double to deep center, Bonifacio scored. Freeman intentionally walked. García struck out swinging. Markakis grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 9th. Vizcaíno pitching for Braves. Ozuna struck out swinging. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. Bour walked. Bour to second on fielder's indifference. Realmuto walked. Pierzynski catching. Hechavarría doubled to deep right, Bour scored, Realmuto to third. Gillespie hit for Ellington. Cabrera pitching for Braves. Gillespie lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Braves 8.	Braves rally with 4 runs in 6th, beat Marlins 8-5