Marlins - Top 1st. Cole pitching for Pirates. Gordon reached on infield single to pitcher. Prado grounded out to first, Gordon to second. Yelich reached on infield single to shortstop. Ozuna grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Yelich out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Harrison singled to left. Harrison caught stealing second, catcher to second. Marte struck out swinging. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Realmuto singled to left. Scruggs grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Realmuto out at second. Andino lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Polanco grounded out to first. Freese grounded out to third. Kang flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Rojas singled to center. Rojas to second on balk by Cole. Koehler out on batter's interference to catcher. Koehler batting. Gordon bunt grounded out to pitcher, Rojas to third. Prado singled to deep right, Rojas scored. Yelich walked, Prado to second. Ozuna struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Cervelli singled to left. Mercer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cervelli out at second. Cole singled to left. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cole out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Realmuto reached on infield single to third. Scruggs walked, Realmuto to second. Andino singled to left center, Realmuto thrown out at home, Scruggs to third, Andino to second advancing on throw. Rojas struck out swinging. Koehler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Marte reached on infield single to shortstop. McCutchen flied out to center. Polanco singled to right, Marte thrown out at third. Freese homered to center (409 feet), Polanco scored. Kang grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Gordon lined out to shortstop. Prado struck out looking. Yelich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Cervelli grounded out to third. Mercer flied out to center. Cole struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Ozuna grounded out to third. Realmuto homered to center (403 feet). Scruggs singled to right. Andino lined out to right. Scruggs to second on wild pitch by Cole. Rojas intentionally walked. Koehler singled to right, Scruggs thrown out at home, Rojas to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Harrison flied out to left. Marte singled to left. McCutchen flied out to center. Polanco singled to center, Marte to third. Freese lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Gordon grounded out to catcher. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Yelich homered to left (387 feet). Ozuna singled to center. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Realmuto hit by pitch, Ozuna to second. Scruggs lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Rojas at first base. Hechavarría at shortstop. Kang singled to right. Kang stole second. Cervelli walked. Mercer grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kang scored, Cervelli safe at third, Mercer safe at second on throwing error by pitcher McGowan. Joyce hit for Hughes. Cervenka pitching for Marlins. Joyce grounded out to pitcher. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Harrison hit sacrifice fly to left, Cervelli scored. Marte doubled to right, Mercer scored. McCutchen walked. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCutchen out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 8th. Rivero pitching for Pirates. Andino flied out to right. Rojas homered to left (400 feet). Hechavarría struck out looking. Gordon safe at first on error by third baseman Kang, Gordon to second on throwing error by third baseman Kang. Prado intentionally walked. Yelich singled to center, Gordon scored, Prado to third. Ozuna lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Wittgren pitching for Marlins. Suzuki in right field. Freese struck out looking. Kang singled to left center, Kang out stretching at second. Cervelli flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Realmuto walked. Suzuki sacrificed to catcher, Realmuto to second. Andino singled to right, Realmuto scored, Andino to second advancing on throw. Rojas singled to right, Andino to third. Hechavarría walked, Rojas to second. Gordon lined out to third. Prado flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Rodney pitching for Marlins. Mercer walked. Jaso hit for Feliz. Jaso singled to right, Mercer to second. Frazier ran for Jaso. Harrison grounded out to third, Mercer to third, Frazier to second. Marte intentionally walked. McCutchen grounded into double play, third to first, Frazier out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 6 - Pirates 5.	Andino, Marlins hold off Pirates in 9th inning