Marlins - Top 1st. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki lined out to center. Prado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Cashner pitching for Marlins. Santana walked. Kipnis walked, Santana to second. Lindor singled to center, Santana to third, Kipnis to second. Napoli walked, Santana scored, Kipnis to third, Lindor to second. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kipnis scored, Napoli out at second, Lindor to third. Chisenhall grounded out to first, Lindor scored, Ramírez to second. Almonte grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Yelich struck out swinging. Realmuto struck out swinging. Francoeur singled to left. Scruggs struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Cashner pitching for Marlins. Naquin doubled to deep right center. Pérez sacrificed to pitcher, Naquin to third. Santana hit sacrifice fly to right, Naquin scored. Kipnis walked. Lindor singled to right, Kipnis to second. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lindor out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Hood struck out swinging. Hechavarría grounded out to pitcher. Gordon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Cashner pitching for Marlins. Ramírez lined out to left. Chisenhall struck out looking. Almonte doubled to deep left. Naquin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Suzuki struck out swinging. Prado reached on infield single to third. Yelich struck out swinging. Realmuto singled to left, Prado to second. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Realmuto out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Cashner pitching for Marlins. Pérez grounded out to third. Santana walked. Santana to second on wild pitch by Cashner. Kipnis grounded out to second, Santana to third. Lindor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Scruggs struck out swinging. Hood doubled to deep right. Hechavarría grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hood out at third. Gordon walked, Hechavarría to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Cashner pitching for Marlins. Napoli struck out looking. Ramírez doubled to deep right. Chisenhall walked. Almonte doubled to deep right center, Ramírez and Chisenhall scored. Naquin struck out swinging. Pérez struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Prado struck out swinging. Yelich struck out looking. Realmuto singled to left. Francoeur struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Brice pitching for Marlins. Santana popped out to second. Kipnis grounded out to second. Lindor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Scruggs struck out swinging. Hood singled to left. Hechavarría lined out to right. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hood out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Brice pitching for Marlins. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez flied out to right. Chisenhall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Suzuki grounded out to second. Manship pitching for Indians. Prado hit ground rule double to deep right. Yelich grounded out to second, Prado to third. Realmuto homered to left (371 feet), Prado scored. Francoeur struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Ogando pitching for Marlins. Almonte grounded out to shortstop. Naquin singled to left. Pérez flied out to left. Santana walked, Naquin to second. Kipnis walked, Naquin to third, Santana to second. Lindor grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Allen pitching for Indians. Scruggs flied out to right. Hood struck out swinging. Hechavarría grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 2 - Indians 6.	Carrasco strikes out 11 as Indians beat Marlins 6-2