Marlins - Top 1st. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Gordon struck out swinging. Suzuki doubled to deep right. Prado grounded out to third. Suzuki to third on wild pitch by Foltynewicz. Yelich batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Cashner pitching for Marlins. Inciarte tripled to deep right center. García grounded out to shortstop, Inciarte scored. Freeman flied out to center. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. Bour singled to left. Realmuto struck out swinging. Hechavarría struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Cashner pitching for Marlins. Markakis homered to right (389 feet). Flowers walked. Peterson flied out to left. Swanson flied out to left. Foltynewicz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Flowers out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Cashner reached on bunt single to pitcher. Gordon singled to left, Cashner to second. Suzuki flied out to left. Prado popped out to third. Yelich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Cashner pitching for Marlins. Inciarte doubled to deep right center. García reached on infield single to shortstop, Inciarte scored, García to second on throwing error by shortstop Hechavarría. Freeman singled to center, García scored. Kemp singled to right, Freeman to second. Markakis walked, Freeman to third, Kemp to second. Wittgren pitching for Marlins. Flowers singled to center, Freeman and Kemp scored, Markakis to second. Peterson singled to left, Markakis to third, Flowers to second. Swanson hit sacrifice fly to right, Markakis scored, Flowers to third. Foltynewicz flied out to right, Peterson to second. Inciarte grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 4th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Ozuna hit by pitch. Bour singled to right, Ozuna to third. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ozuna scored, Bour out at second. Hechavarría singled to center, Realmuto to second. Dietrich hit for Wittgren. Dietrich singled to center, Realmuto scored, Hechavarría to third. Gordon struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to right, Hechavarría scored, Dietrich to third. Prado singled to right center, Dietrich scored, Suzuki to third. Yelich singled to shallow right, Suzuki scored, Prado to second. Ozuna reached on infield single to first, Prado to third, Yelich to second. Weber pitching for Braves. Bour flied out to center. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Suzuki in right field. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Dietrich in left field. García struck out swinging. Freeman singled to right. Kemp singled to center, Freeman to second. Markakis struck out looking. Flowers walked, Freeman to third, Kemp to second. Cervenka pitching for Marlins. Peterson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Flowers out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Beckham at shortstop. Weber pitching for Braves. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop. Dietrich lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Krol pitching for Braves. Gordon singled to center. Suzuki singled to right, Gordon to third. Prado singled to left, Gordon scored, Suzuki to second. Yelich singled to left, Suzuki to third, Prado to second. Stanton hit for Cervenka. Roe pitching for Braves. Stanton hit sacrifice fly to left, Suzuki scored, Prado to third, Yelich to second. Bour intentionally walked. Realmuto struck out swinging. Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. García lined out to third. Freeman doubled to deep left. Kemp grounded out to second, Freeman to third. Markakis doubled to deep right center, Freeman scored. Flowers lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Ramírez pitching for Braves. Dietrich singled to center. Gordon grounded out to first, Dietrich to second. Suzuki grounded out to second, Dietrich to third. Prado walked. Yelich flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Peterson hit ground rule double to deep right center. Beckham flied out to right, Peterson to third. Recker hit for Ramírez. Recker singled to center, Peterson scored. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Inciarte struck out swinging. Recker to second on wild pitch by Dunn. García struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Cabrera pitching for Braves. Telis hit for Dunn. Telis singled to center. Bour lined out to second. Realmuto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Telis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Rodney pitching for Marlins. Freeman walked. Kemp doubled to left, Freeman to third. Markakis intentionally walked. Flowers singled to left center, Freeman and Kemp scored, Markakis to second. Peterson singled to left, Markakis to third, Flowers to second. Ogando pitching for Marlins. Beckham hit sacrifice fly to left, Markakis scored, Flowers to third, Peterson to second. Lalli hit for Cabrera. Lalli grounded out to second. Inciarte grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Braves. Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop. Dietrich lined out to left. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 7 - Braves 12.	Markakis, Flowers power Atlanta's offense in 12-7 victory