White Sox - Top 1st . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Pierre singled to center . Ramirez flied out to left . Pierre picked off first . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . Barton singled to right center . Jackson struck out swinging . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Konerko grounded out to second . Quentin fouled out to first . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Suzuki singled to right . LaRoche struck out swinging . Ellis singled to center , Suzuki to second . Powell grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Rios grounded out to second . Vizquel singled to right . Beckham walked , Vizquel to second . Pierre grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to first , Beckham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Pennington flied out to left . Crisp walked . Crisp stole second . Barton flied out to center , Crisp to third . Jackson walked . Willingham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Ramirez homered to left ( 376 feet ) . Dunn lined out to right . Konerko singled to left . Quentin singled to left , Konerko to second . Pierzynski grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Quentin out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Suzuki walked . LaRoche grounded into double play , second to first , Suzuki out at second . Ellis singled to left . Powell popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Rios grounded out to second . Vizquel singled to left . Beckham singled to left center , Vizquel to third . Pierre grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Beckham out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Pennington flied out to center . Crisp homered to left ( 366 feet ) . Barton fouled out to first . Jackson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Ramirez singled to left . Dunn walked , Ramirez to second . Konerko flied out to right , Ramirez to third . Quentin hit sacrifice fly to center , Ramirez scored . Pierzynski grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Willingham struck out looking . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Rios doubled to deep left . Vizquel sacrificed to catcher , Rios to third , Vizquel safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Cahill . Rios scored on throwing error by pitcher Cahill . Beckham sacrificed to third , Vizquel to third . Pierre grounded out to first . Ramirez singled to left , Vizquel scored . Dunn grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Ellis flied out to right . Powell singled to left . Pennington reached on infield single to shortstop , Powell to second . Crain pitching for White Sox . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pennington out at second , Powell to third . Crisp stole second . Barton singled to center , Powell and Crisp scored . Jackson singled to center , Barton to third . Willingham struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Konerko singled to right . Quentin lined into double play , right to first , Konerko doubled off first . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Crain pitching for White Sox . Suzuki flied out to center . DeJesus hit for LaRoche . Thornton pitching for White Sox . DeJesus struck out swinging . Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop . Powell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Kouzmanoff at third base . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Rios struck out swinging . Vizquel struck out swinging . Beckham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Santos pitching for White Sox . Pennington walked . Crisp sacrificed to pitcher , Pennington to second . Barton grounded out to shortstop , Pennington to third . Matsui hit for Jackson . Matsui walked . Sweeney ran for Matsui . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sweeney out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 4 - Athletics 3 .	White Sox tip A 's , hand Cahill 1st loss