Dodgers - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Furcal struck out swinging . Carroll grounded out to second . Ethier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Pierre singled to center . Ramirez homered to left , ( 356 feet ) Pierre scored . Dunn struck out swinging . Konerko flied out to right . Pierzynski homered to right . ( 405 feet ) . Rios singled to center . Vizquel popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Kemp grounded out to third . Loney singled to shallow right . Barajas popped into double play , second to first , Loney doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Lillibridge fouled out to first . Beckham singled to center . Pierre flied out to left . Ramirez doubled to deep center , Beckham scored . Dunn walked . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dunn out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Gibbons struck out swinging . Sands singled to left . Mitchell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sands out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Pierzynski grounded out to third . Rios popped out to shortstop . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Furcal grounded out to second . Carroll safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez . Ethier struck out swinging , Carroll stole second , Carroll to third on throwing error by catcher Pierzynski . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Lillibridge grounded out to third . Beckham safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Furcal . Pierre doubled to deep right , Beckham to third . Ramirez singled to shallow right , Beckham scored , Pierre to third . Gwynn in right field . Dunn walked , Ramirez to second . Konerko hit sacrifice fly to center , Pierre scored . Pierzynski struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 5th . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Loney doubled to right . Navarro hit for Barajas . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . Loney to third on wild pitch by Jackson . Gibbons grounded out to first , Loney scored . Sands singled to left . Sands stole second . Mitchell walked . Furcal struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Navarro catching . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Rios grounded out to third . Vizquel grounded out to third . Lillibridge flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Carroll reached on infield single to shortstop . Gwynn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carroll out at second . Kemp struck out swinging . Loney walked . Sale pitching for White Sox . Navarro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Beckham struck out swinging . Pierre singled to left . Pierre to second on passed ball by Navarro . Ramirez grounded out to third . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Dunn walked . Konerko popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Gibbons doubled to deep center . Sands singled to left center , Gibbons to third . Mitchell walked , Sands to second . Crain pitching for White Sox . Furcal struck out swinging . Carroll walked , Gibbons scored , Sands to third , Mitchell to second . Gwynn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sands scored , Carroll out at second , Mitchell to third . Gwynn stole second . Kemp grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Pierzynski flied out to left . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Rios grounded out to shortstop . Vizquel walked . Lillibridge flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Loney fouled out to third . Navarro flied out to left . Gibbons struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Beckham hit by pitch . Pierre sacrificed to third , Beckham to second . Ramirez doubled to right center , Beckham scored . Dunn singled to center , Ramirez scored . McPherson ran for Dunn . Konerko walked , McPherson to second . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Pierzynski grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Konerko out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . McPherson at first base . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Sands doubled to right center . Mitchell lined out to second . Furcal fouled out to first . Carroll flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 3 - White Sox 8 .	Ramirez 's 5 RBIs get White Sox by Dodgers