Twins - Top 1st . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Revere singled to center . Casilla popped out to third . Mauer flied out to left . Cuddyer reached on infield single to shortstop , Revere to second . Valencia lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Pierre singled to right . Ramirez popped out to second . Konerko lined into double play , shortstop to first , Pierre doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Tosoni grounded out to second . Nishioka fouled out to left . Butera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Dunn popped out to third . Quentin struck out looking . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Repko reached on bunt single to first . Revere singled to right , Repko to third . Casilla popped out to first . Mauer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Revere out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Beckham flied out to left . Teahen walked . Pierre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Cuddyer popped out to second . Valencia struck out swinging . Tosoni walked . Nishioka walked , Tosoni to second . Butera singled to center , Tosoni scored , Nishioka to third . Repko doubled to left , Nishioka scored , Butera to third . Revere flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Ramirez struck out swinging . Konerko struck out swinging . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Casilla singled to center . Mauer singled to right , Casilla to third . Cuddyer hit sacrifice fly to left , Casilla scored , Mauer to second . Valencia singled to center , Mauer to third , Valencia to second advancing on throw . Tosoni singled to left , Mauer scored , Valencia to third . Ohman pitching for White Sox . Nishioka grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to second to first to shortstop , Valencia scored , Tosoni out at third , Tosoni out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . Rios singled to left center . Pierzynski flied out to left . Beckham flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Ohman pitching for White Sox . Butera struck out swinging . Repko grounded out to third . Revere grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Teahen fouled out to catcher . Pierre reached on bunt single to third . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop , Pierre to second . Konerko singled to center , Pierre scored . Dunn walked , Konerko to second . Quentin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Ohman pitching for White Sox . Casilla grounded out to second . Mauer struck out swinging . Crain pitching for White Sox . Cuddyer singled to left center . Valencia grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Rios walked . Pierzynski doubled to deep right , Rios scored . Beckham hit ground rule double to left , Pierzynski scored . Teahen struck out swinging . Perkins pitching for Twins . Pierre flied out to center , Beckham to third . Ramirez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Tosoni singled to left . Nishioka struck out looking . Butera struck out looking . Tosoni caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second to first to second . Repko batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Konerko singled to left . Dunn struck out looking . Quentin flied out to left . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Konerko out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Santos pitching for White Sox . Repko struck out looking . Revere grounded out to pitcher . Casilla tripled to deep right . Mauer intentionally walked . Casilla scored , Mauer to second on wild pitch by Santos . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Capps pitching for Twins . Pierzynski flied out to center . Beckham singled to right . Teahen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Beckham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 6 - White Sox 3 .	Swarzak shines as Twins put away White Sox