White Sox - Top 1st . Duffy pitching for Royals . Pierre hit by pitch . Ramirez walked , Pierre to second . Konerko struck out swinging . Quentin singled to center , Pierre scored , Ramirez to third . Rios reached on infield single to shortstop , Ramirez scored , Quentin to second . Lillibridge struck out swinging . Beckham grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Gordon struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to right . Butler struck out swinging . Francoeur struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Flowers grounded out to second . Morel lined out to second . Pierre grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Hosmer reached on infield single to first . Treanor doubled to left , Hosmer to third . Moustakas grounded out to pitcher . Escobar grounded out to third , Hosmer scored . Getz flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Ramirez struck out looking . Konerko walked . Quentin struck out swinging . Rios doubled to left , Konerko to third . Lillibridge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Gordon singled to center . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gordon safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Beckham . Butler struck out swinging . Gordon caught stealing third , catcher to second to third to shortstop . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 4th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Beckham safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Flowers lined out to left . Morel grounded out to second , Beckham to second . Pierre lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 4th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Hosmer grounded out to second . Treanor grounded out to shortstop . Moustakas grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Ramirez reached on infield single to first . Konerko flied out to left . Quentin grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Escobar bunt grounded out to first . Getz struck out looking . Gordon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Rios fouled out to first . Lillibridge grounded out to shortstop . Beckham flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Cabrera lined out to second . Butler singled to right . Francoeur doubled to deep left , Butler to third . Hosmer intentionally walked . Treanor singled to right center , Butler and Francoeur scored , Hosmer to third . Moustakas grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hosmer out at home , Treanor to second . Escobar flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Flowers struck out looking . Morel fouled out to first . Pierre reached on bunt single to third . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Getz reached on bunt single to second . Getz caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Gordon grounded out to second . Cabrera homered to left ( 430 feet ) . Butler grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Holland pitching for Royals . Konerko grounded out to third . Quentin struck out looking . Rios flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Bruney pitching for White Sox . Francoeur struck out swinging . Hosmer singled to left center . Hosmer stole second . Treanor struck out looking . Moustakas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Soria pitching for Royals . Teahen hit for Lillibridge . Teahen grounded out to pitcher . Beckham singled to center . Pierzynski hit for Flowers . Pierzynski grounded into double play , third to second to first , Beckham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 2 - Royals 4 .	Duffy outduels Peavy as Royals top White Sox