Tigers - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Jackson reached on infield single to catcher . Boesch popped out to second . Ordonez flied out to center . Cabrera singled to center , Jackson to second . Martinez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Below pitching for Tigers . Pierre reached on infield single to second . Ramirez grounded out to third , Pierre to second . Konerko popped out to second . Dunn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Peralta grounded out to third . Guillen struck out looking . Raburn singled to center . Avila grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Below pitching for Tigers . Quentin flied out to right . Rios singled to center . Pierzynski fouled out to third . Beckham grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Jackson popped out to second . Boesch grounded out to pitcher . Ordonez singled to left . Cabrera safe at first on error by second baseman Beckham , Ordonez to third . Martinez singled to center , Ordonez scored , Cabrera to third . Peralta singled to center , Cabrera scored , Martinez to third . Guillen reached on infield single to third , Peralta to second . Raburn flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Below pitching for Tigers . Morel singled to right . Pierre singled to left , Morel to second . Ramirez sacrificed to third , Morel to third , Pierre to second . Konerko hit sacrifice fly to center , Morel scored , Pierre to third . Dunn struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Avila grounded out to first . Jackson struck out swinging . Boesch singled to left . Ordonez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Below pitching for Tigers . Quentin flied out to right . Rios flied out to center . Pierzynski lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Cabrera walked . Martinez singled to left center , Cabrera to second . Peralta struck out swinging . Guillen grounded into double play , third to second to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Below pitching for Tigers . Beckham grounded out to shortstop . Morel singled to right center . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Morel out at second . Pierre stole second . Ramirez singled to left center , Pierre scored , Ramirez to second on throwing error by left fielder Boesch . Konerko intentionally walked . Dunn walked , Ramirez to third , Konerko to second . Ruffin pitching for Tigers . Quentin hit ground rule double to left , Ramirez and Konerko scored , Dunn to third . Rios popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Raburn struck out swinging . Avila reached on infield single to second . Jackson flied out to center . Boesch grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Ruffin pitching for Tigers . Pierzynski homered to right ( 404 feet ) . Beckham flied out to left . Morel bunt grounded out to pitcher . Pierre flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Crain pitching for White Sox . Ordonez grounded out to second . Cabrera homered to right ( 382 feet ) . Martinez grounded out to third . Peralta walked . Guillen walked , Peralta to second . Guillen out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice , Peralta to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Raburn batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Ruffin pitching for Tigers . Ramirez struck out swinging . Konerko homered to left ( 402 feet ) . Furbush pitching for Tigers . Dunn walked . Quentin singled to left , Dunn thrown out at third , Quentin to second advancing on throw . Lillibridge ran for Quentin . Rios intentionally walked . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Lillibridge in right field . Crain pitching for White Sox . Raburn popped out to second . Sale pitching for White Sox . Avila singled to right . Jackson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Avila out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Purcey pitching for Tigers . Beckham flied out to right . Morel singled to left . Pierre hit into fielder 's choice to right , Morel out at second . Pierre caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Ramirez batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Boesch flied out to left . Santos pitching for White Sox . Ordonez popped out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - White Sox 6 .	White Sox take down Tigers , close Central gap