Royals - Top 1st . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Gordon struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to right . Butler lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Pierre singled to right . Vizquel popped out to shortstop . Konerko popped out to second . Quentin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Hosmer lined out to right . Francoeur struck out swinging . Giavotella singled to right center . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Ramirez walked . De Aza grounded out to third , Ramirez to second . Morel grounded out to shortstop , Ramirez to third . Lillibridge struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Moustakas struck out swinging . Escobar flied out to center . Gordon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Flowers singled to left . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Flowers out at second . Vizquel flied out to right . Pierre stole second . Konerko homered to left ( 400 feet ) , Pierre scored . Quentin struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to deep right center . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . Hosmer grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Butler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop . De Aza struck out swinging , Ramirez stole second , Ramirez to third on throwing error by catcher Perez . Morel grounded out to first . Lillibridge grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 5th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Francoeur singled to center . Francoeur stole second , Francoeur safe at third on throwing error by catcher Flowers . Giavotella singled to center , Francoeur scored . Perez doubled to left , Giavotella to third . Moustakas lined out to pitcher . Escobar singled to right , Giavotella scored , Perez to third . Escobar stole second . Gordon popped out to shortstop . Cabrera intentionally walked . Butler singled to center , Perez and Escobar scored , Cabrera to third . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Flowers homered to center ( 414 feet ) . Pierre singled to center . Vizquel grounded out to first , Pierre to second . Konerko flied out to right . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Francoeur struck out swinging . Giavotella flied out to left . Perez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Ramirez flied out to center . De Aza walked . Morel struck out swinging . Lillibridge singled to center , De Aza to third . Flowers grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lillibridge out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Moustakas lined out to right . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Gordon singled to right . Cabrera singled to center , Gordon to second . Crain pitching for White Sox . Butler fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop . Vizquel walked , Pierre to second . Crow pitching for Royals . Konerko struck out swinging . Quentin doubled to deep left , Pierre scored , Vizquel to third . Ramirez walked . De Aza walked , Vizquel scored , Quentin to third , Ramirez to second . Morel struck out swinging . Lillibridge lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Crain pitching for White Sox . Hosmer singled to right . Francoeur singled to right , Hosmer to second . Giavotella flied out to right . Perez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Francoeur out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Wood pitching for Royals . Flowers walked . Pierre sacrificed to pitcher , Flowers to second . Vizquel grounded out to first , Flowers to third . Konerko intentionally walked . Quentin walked , Konerko to second . Ramirez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Beckham at second base . Moustakas grounded out to first . Escobar struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 4 - White Sox 5 .	Konerko , Flowers HRs lead White Sox by Royals