Tigers - Top 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Jackson flied out to right . Ordonez flied out to right . Young walked . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Pierre doubled to left . Ramirez struck out swinging . Konerko walked . Pierzynski walked , Pierre to third , Konerko to second . Viciedo grounded out to third , Pierre scored , Konerko to third , Pierzynski to second . Rios flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Martinez singled to right . Avila struck out swinging . Peralta homered to left ( 381 feet ) , Martinez scored . Raburn homered to left ( 358 feet ) . Inge doubled to deep center . Jackson walked . Ordonez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jackson out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . De Aza walked . Morel grounded out to third , De Aza to second . De Aza to third on wild pitch by Porcello . Beckham grounded out to shortstop , De Aza scored . Pierre grounded out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Young singled to left . Cabrera hit ground rule double to deep right , Young to third . Martinez struck out swinging . Avila grounded out to second , Young scored , Cabrera to third . Peralta singled to center , Cabrera scored . Raburn singled to right center , Peralta to second . Inge lined out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Konerko grounded out to third . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Jackson walked . Ordonez struck out swinging . Jackson to second on wild pitch by Danks . Young singled to right , Jackson scored . Cabrera flied out to right . Martinez fouled out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Viciedo singled to center . Rios grounded into double play , third to second to first , Viciedo out at second . De Aza flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Avila doubled to left . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Raburn doubled to deep left center , Avila scored , Raburn to third on error by center fielder De Aza . Raburn scored on Danks ' wild pitch . Inge struck out swinging . Jackson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Morel popped out to second . Beckham struck out swinging . Pierre singled to center . Pierre to second on wild pitch by Porcello . Ramirez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Kinney pitching for White Sox . Ordonez singled to center . Santiago ran for Ordonez . Young singled to shallow center , Santiago to third . Cabrera singled to left , Santiago scored , Young to second . Martinez singled to right , Young scored , Cabrera to second , Cabrera to third advancing on throw . Avila singled to right , Cabrera scored , Martinez to second . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Avila out at second , Martinez to third . Raburn singled to left , Martinez scored . Inge reached on infield single to first , Raburn to second . Jackson hit by pitch , Raburn to third , Inge to second . Santiago doubled to right , Raburn and Inge scored , Jackson to third . Kelly hit for Young . Kelly grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Santiago at second base . Kelly in left field . Raburn in right field . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Konerko grounded out to first . Pierzynski singled to left center . Viciedo grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Pierzynski out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Escobar at shortstop . Flowers at first base . Lindsay pitching for White Sox . Cabrera grounded out to second . Martinez walked . Avila grounded out to first , Martinez to second . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Santiago at shortstop . Worth at second base . Quentin hit for Rios . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Quentin grounded out to second . De Aza struck out swinging . Morel homered to center ( 409 feet ) . Beckham doubled to deep left center . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Pierre lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Lindsay pitching for White Sox . Raburn struck out swinging . Inge singled to right . Jackson singled to center , Inge to second . Dirks ran for Jackson . Santiago flied out to right . Inge to third , Dirks to second on wild pitch by Lindsay . Kelly flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Dirks in center field . Guillen at first base . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Escobar singled to right . Flowers flied out to right . Pierzynski grounded out to first , Escobar to second . Perry pitching for Tigers . Escobar to third on passed ball by Avila . Viciedo walked . Quentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Lindsay pitching for White Sox . Guillen flied out to center . Rhymes hit for Martinez . Rhymes grounded out to shortstop . Avila walked . Worth grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Avila out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Santos catching . Pauley pitching for Tigers . De Aza flied out to center . Morel homered to center ( 429 feet ) . Beckham grounded out to third . Pierre flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 14 - White Sox 4 .	Tigers win 10 straight for 1st time since 1968