White Sox - Top 1st . Francis pitching for Royals . Pierre bunt grounded out to third . Ramirez safe at first on error by third baseman Navarro . Konerko grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Gordon flied out to center . Cabrera homered to left center ( 413 feet ) . Butler singled to center . Hosmer flied out to right . Francoeur walked , Butler to second . Giavotella singled to right , Butler to third , Francoeur to second . Perez singled to right , Butler scored , Francoeur to third , Giavotella to second . Navarro flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Francis pitching for Royals . Rios flied out to right . Pierzynski singled to left . Viciedo struck out swinging . Flowers walked , Pierzynski to second . Flowers picked off first . Morel batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Escobar flied out to center . Gordon flied out to left . Cabrera singled to center . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Francis pitching for Royals . Morel grounded out to shortstop . Beckham doubled to deep left center . Pierre singled to left , Beckham to third . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to center , Beckham scored . Pierre stole second . Pierre to third on wild pitch by Francis . Konerko grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Hosmer singled to right . Francoeur struck out swinging . Giavotella grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hosmer out at second . Perez doubled to deep left , Giavotella to third . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Francis pitching for Royals . Rios lined out to right . Pierzynski doubled to deep right . Viciedo grounded out to second , Pierzynski to third . Flowers struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Escobar singled to right . Gordon flied out to left . Cabrera reached on infield single to third , Escobar to second , Escobar to third on throwing error by third baseman Morel . Butler flied out to right , Escobar out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 5th . Francis pitching for Royals . Morel lined out to center . Beckham walked . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Beckham out at second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pierre out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Hosmer reached on infield single to second . Francoeur flied out to left . Giavotella flied out to right . Perez safe at first on error by third baseman Morel , Hosmer to second . Navarro singled to left , Hosmer scored , Perez to second . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Navarro out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 6th . Francis pitching for Royals . Konerko singled to right . Rios singled to center , Konerko to second . Pierzynski singled to right , Konerko to third , Rios to second . Viciedo flied out to left . Flowers hit sacrifice fly to right , Konerko scored , Rios to third . Morel flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Gordon walked . Cabrera doubled to center , Gordon to third . Butler homered to left center ( 414 feet ) , Gordon and Cabrera scored . Hosmer grounded out to first . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Giavotella flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Coleman pitching for Royals . Beckham struck out swinging . Pierre flied out to center . Ramirez walked . Konerko flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Perez tripled to right . Navarro hit sacrifice fly to center , Perez scored . Escobar reached on infield single to third . Frasor pitching for White Sox . Gordon walked , Escobar to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Butler flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Coleman pitching for Royals . Rios hit by pitch . Pierzynski popped out to shortstop . Viciedo flied out to right . Flowers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Kinney pitching for White Sox . Hosmer grounded out to second . Francoeur doubled to deep left center . Giavotella struck out swinging . Perez walked . Navarro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Crow pitching for Royals . Morel grounded out to shortstop . Beckham walked . Pierre struck out swinging . Ramirez singled to right , Beckham to second . Konerko lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 2 - Royals 7 .	Cabrera , Butler   help Royals eliminate White Sox