White Sox - Top 1st . McAllister pitching for Indians . Pierre reached on infield single to second . Pierre caught stealing second , catcher to second . Ramirez grounded out to third . Konerko struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Carrera flied out to right . Donald singled to center . Santana walked , Donald to second . Thome grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Dunn grounded out to first . Viciedo lined out to right . De Aza lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Duncan struck out swinging . Sizemore struck out swinging . LaPorta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Vizquel doubled to right . Vizquel picked off second . Flowers struck out swinging . Beckham doubled to deep center . Pierre grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Hannahan grounded out to pitcher . Valbuena struck out swinging . Carrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Ramirez lined out to shortstop . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Donald singled to right . Santana singled to right center , Donald to second . Thome singled to right , Donald scored , Santana to third . Duncan walked , Thome to second . Sizemore hit sacrifice fly to left , Santana scored . LaPorta doubled to deep right , Thome scored , Duncan to third . Hannahan hit sacrifice fly to center , Duncan scored . Valbuena grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Viciedo flied out to right . De Aza singled to right . Vizquel singled to right , De Aza to second . Flowers struck out swinging . Beckham doubled to deep left , De Aza scored , Vizquel to third . Pierre popped out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Carrera reached on bunt single to pitcher . Donald singled to left , Carrera to second . Santana grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Donald out at second , Carrera to third . Thome intentionally walked . Duncan walked , Thome to second . Kinney pitching for White Sox . Sizemore popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Ramirez walked . Konerko fouled out to first . Perez pitching for Indians . Dunn walked , Ramirez to second . Viciedo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dunn out at second , Ramirez to third . De Aza doubled to left , Ramirez and Viciedo scored . Vizquel grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Kinney pitching for White Sox . LaPorta grounded out to pitcher . Hannahan struck out swinging . Valbuena singled to left . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Valbuena stole second . Carrera popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Putnam pitching for Indians . Carrera in left field . Fukudome in right field . Flowers singled to right center . Beckham doubled to center , Flowers to third . Pierre grounded out to second , Flowers scored , Beckham to third . Ramirez singled to center , Beckham scored . Konerko hit by pitch , Ramirez to second . Hagadone pitching for Indians . Dunn walked , Ramirez to third , Konerko to second . Viciedo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Donald grounded out to shortstop . Santana lined out to first . Thome walked . Phelps ran for Thome . Fukudome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Hagadone pitching for Indians . De Aza struck out swinging . Vizquel struck out looking . Flowers flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Rios in center field . De Aza in right field . Morel at third base . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Sizemore walked . Crain pitching for White Sox . LaPorta struck out swinging . Sale pitching for White Sox . Hannahan flied out to left . Kipnis hit for Valbuena . Kipnis popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Kipnis at second base . Judy pitching for Indians . Beckham hit by pitch . Pierre sacrificed to pitcher , Beckham to second . Ramirez hit by pitch . Konerko grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Crowe hit for Carrera . Sale pitching for White Sox . Crowe struck out swinging . Donald singled to center . Santana grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Donald out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Indians 4 .	White Sox erase deficit to split DH vs. Indians