Twins - Top 1st . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Rivas flied out to center . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Twins . Vina grounded out to first . Guillen grounded out to third . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Offerman flied out to left . Koskie singled to right . Cuddyer struck out looking . Ford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Koskie out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Twins . White flied out to right . Monroe walked . Pena singled to center , Monroe scored , Pena to second on error by center fielder Ford . Norton grounded out to second , Pena to third . Higginson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Top 3rd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Blanco struck out looking . Guzman singled to left center . Stewart singled to right center , Guzman to third . Rivas grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Stewart out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Twins . Inge struck out swinging . Vina grounded out to second . Guillen reached on infield single to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guillen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Mientkiewicz flied out to right . Offerman grounded out to shortstop . Koskie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Twins . White reached on infield single to second . Monroe struck out swinging . Pena homered to right , White scored . Norton struck out swinging . Higginson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Ford grounded out to second . Blanco grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Twins . Inge singled to right . Vina grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Inge out at second . Guillen lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Stewart hit ground rule double to deep right . Rivas singled to left , Stewart to third . Mientkiewicz singled to left , Stewart scored , Rivas to second . Offerman lined out to third . Koskie walked , Rivas to third , Mientkiewicz to second . Greisinger pitching for Twins . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Greisinger pitching for Twins . Rodriguez struck out looking . White walked . Monroe lined out to left . Pena doubled to right , White scored . Norton flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Ford struck out swinging . Blanco singled to left center . Levine pitching for Tigers . Guzman singled to center , Blanco to second . Ryan hit for Rivas . Stewart singled to left , Blanco to third , Guzman to second . Ryan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Blanco scored , Stewart out at second , Guzman to third . Punto ran for Ryan . Walker pitching for Tigers . Mientkiewicz walked , Punto to second . Offerman singled to left , Guzman and Punto scored , Mientkiewicz to second . Punto at second base . Thomas pitching for Twins . Koskie struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Thomas pitching for Twins . Higginson singled to right . Inge sacrificed to pitcher , Higginson to second . Vina walked . Rincon pitching for Twins . Guillen singled to left , Higginson scored , Vina to second . Rodriguez flied out to right , Vina to third . White grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Cuddyer singled to center . Yan pitching for Tigers . Ford flied out to left , Cuddyer to third on throwing error by left fielder Monroe . Blanco doubled to deep left center , Cuddyer scored , Blanco out stretching at third . Guzman doubled to deep left center . Stewart walked . Punto struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Monroe grounded out to third . Fultz pitching for Twins . Pena reached on infield single to pitcher . Patterson pitching for Tigers . Norton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Patterson pitching for Tigers . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first . Offerman doubled to deep right center . Jones hit for Cuddyer . Koskie hit by pitch . Jones in right field . Romero pitching for Twins . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Koskie out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Romero pitching for Twins . Higginson struck out swinging . Inge walked . Inge to second on passed ball by Blanco . Vina struck out swinging . Colyer pitching for Tigers . Guillen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 10th . Colyer pitching for Tigers . Ford popped out to shortstop . Blanco walked . Roa pitching for Twins . Guzman grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Blanco out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 10th . Roa pitching for Twins . Rodriguez struck out swinging . White walked . Torres ran for White . Torres stole second . Monroe singled to left center , Torres scored . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 5 - Tigers 6 .	Monroe 's RBI hit lifts Tigers past Twins in 10