Orioles - Top 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Hairston Jr singled to right . Mora singled to left , Hairston Jr to second . Tejada lined into double play , second to shortstop , Hairston Jr doubled off second . Mora stole second . Palmeiro singled to right , Mora scored . Lopez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Sanchez reached on infield single to third , Sanchez to second on throwing error by third baseman Mora . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez doubled to deep right , Sanchez scored . Higginson walked . Pena flied out to center , Rodriguez to third . Monroe grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Surhoff singled to right . Matos walked , Surhoff to second . Bigbie singled to center , Surhoff scored , Matos to second . Lopez sacrificed to pitcher , Matos to third , Bigbie to second . Hairston Jr doubled to deep left center , Matos and Bigbie scored . Hairston Jr stole third . Mora struck out swinging . Tejada singled to right , Hairston Jr scored . Palmeiro grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Munson walked . Inge struck out swinging . Smith singled to right , Munson to second . Sanchez flied out to center . Munson to third , Smith to second on wild pitch by Cabrera . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Lopez singled to left . Surhoff singled to right , Lopez to second . Matos sacrificed to third , Lopez to third , Surhoff to second . Levine pitching for Tigers . Bigbie singled to center , Lopez and Surhoff scored . Lopez grounded out to second , Bigbie to second . Hairston Jr grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez doubled to deep right . Higginson flied out to center , Rodriguez to third . Pena hit sacrifice fly to right , Rodriguez scored . Monroe grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Levine pitching for Tigers . Mora grounded out to third . Tejada walked . Palmeiro walked , Tejada to second . Lopez flied out to right , Tejada to third . Surhoff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Munson grounded out to first . Inge reached on infield single to shortstop , Inge to second on throwing error by shortstop Tejada . Smith reached on infield single to shortstop , Inge scored . Sanchez struck out looking . Guillen grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 5th . Levine pitching for Tigers . Matos flied out to center . Bigbie walked . Bigbie stole second . Lopez struck out swinging . Hairston Jr struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop . Higginson flied out to right . Pena walked , Rodriguez to second . Monroe flied out to left . Munson walked , Rodriguez to third , Pena to second . Patterson pitching for Tigers . Inge grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Patterson pitching for Tigers . Mora grounded out to third . Tejada grounded out to third . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Palmeiro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Smith flied out to left . Sanchez struck out swinging . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Patterson pitching for Tigers . Lopez struck out swinging . Surhoff flied out to left . Matos struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Higginson struck out looking . Colyer pitching for Tigers . Pena grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Colyer pitching for Tigers . Bigbie struck out looking . Roberts ran for Lopez . Lopez doubled to deep left . Roberts stole third . Hairston Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Roberts out at home . Mora grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Monroe grounded out to third . Munson grounded out to first . Inge grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Colyer pitching for Tigers . Tejada homered to right . Palmeiro singled to center . Palmeiro to second on wild pitch by Colyer . Lopez walked . Dingman pitching for Tigers . Surhoff flied out to left . Matos lined into double play , center to shortstop to first , Lopez doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Smith tripled to deep right center . Sanchez struck out bunting foul . Guillen reached on infield single to shortstop , Smith scored . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guillen out at second . Rodriguez to second on fielder 's indifference . Higginson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 8 - Tigers 4 .	Tejada homers again as O 's handle Tigers