Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Hairston singled to left . Finley popped out to shortstop . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hairston out at second , Bautista to first , Bautista to second on throwing error by shortstop Guillen . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez flied out to right . Guillen homered to left . Rodriguez singled to left . Young flied out to right . White popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Hillenbrand lined out to right . Tracy struck out swinging . Alomar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Monroe flied out to right . Thames fouled out to catcher . Munson safe at first on error by second baseman Hairston . Munson stole second . Infante struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Cintron flied out to center . Hammock struck out swinging . Hairston hit ground rule double to deep left . Finley reached on infield single to second , Hairston to third . Bautista doubled to right , Hairston scored , Finley to third . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez reached on bunt single to third , Sanchez to third on throwing error by third baseman Tracy . Guillen grounded out to shortstop , Sanchez scored . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Young grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Tracy tripled to deep right center . Alomar struck out swinging . Cintron fouled out to catcher . Hammock flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . White fouled out to third . Monroe struck out swinging . Thames struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Hairston reached on infield single to third . Finley walked , Hairston to second . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hairston out at third , Finley to second , Bautista to first , Finley to third , Bautista to second on throwing error by third baseman Munso . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Hillenbrand flied out to right . Tracy singled to center , Finley and Bautista scored , Gonzalez to third . Alomar doubled to deep right , Gonzalez and Tracy scored . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Munson struck out swinging . Infante struck out swinging , Infante safe at first on wild pitch by Fossum . Higginson ran for Sanchez . Sanchez reached on bunt single to first , Infante to second . Guillen doubled to deep right center , Infante and Higginson scored . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop , Guillen to third . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Young doubled to deep center , Guillen scored . Higginson in right field . Monroe in center field . White struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Hammock walked . Hairston grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hammock out at second . Hairston stole second . Finley doubled to deep right , Hairston scored . Finley caught stealing third , catcher to third . Bautista struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Monroe grounded out to second . Thames struck out swinging . Munson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Hillenbrand struck out looking . Tracy walked . Alomar bunt grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Infante homered to left . Higginson flied out to right . Guillen flied out to center . Rodriguez hit by pitch . Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks . Yan pitching for Tigers . Young grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Yan pitching for Tigers . Cintron grounded out to first . Hammock struck out swinging . Hairston struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks . White flied out to right . Pena hit for Thames . Monroe struck out swinging . Urbina pitching for Tigers . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Urbina pitching for Tigers . Finley walked . Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop , Finley to second . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Hillenbrand flied out to right . Tracy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks . Munson homered to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Tigers 7 .	Munson HR in 9th lifts Tigers over D - backs