Tigers - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Royals . Infante flied out to center . Guillen flied out to right . Rodriguez singled to left center , Rodriguez to second on error by left fielder Guiel . Young singled to right , Rodriguez scored , Young to second advancing on throw . Monroe singled to right , Young scored , Monroe to second advancing on throw . Pena flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Guiel grounded out to shortstop . Relaford singled to center . Randa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Relaford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Royals . Thames doubled to left . Inge struck out swinging . Logan singled to left center , Thames scored . Infante singled to center , Logan to third . Guillen singled to right , Logan scored , Infante to second . Rodriguez doubled to left , Infante scored , Guillen to third . Young grounded out to third . Monroe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez out at third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Stairs singled to center . Nunez singled to left , Stairs to second . Pickering walked , Stairs to third , Nunez to second . Buck singled to left , Stairs and Nunez scored , Pickering to second . Gotay reached on bunt single to catcher , Pickering to third , Buck to second . Gomez flied out to left . Guiel struck out swinging . Relaford singled to right , Pickering and Buck scored , Gotay to third . Randa struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Royals . Pena struck out swinging . Thames flied out to right . Inge reached on infield single to shortstop . Logan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Stairs grounded out to second . Nunez grounded out to first . Pickering singled to left center . Buck grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Royals . Infante popped out to shortstop . Guillen flied out to left . Rodriguez walked . Young homered to left , Rodriguez scored . Monroe grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Gotay grounded out to pitcher . Gomez flied out to center . Guiel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Royals . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Thames walked . Inge flied out to left . Logan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Relaford popped out to second . Randa flied out to right . Camp pitching for Royals . Stairs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Camp pitching for Royals . Infante struck out looking . Guillen grounded out to second . Rodriguez singled to center . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Tigers . Nunez singled to left . Pickering safe at first on error by second baseman Infante , Nunez to third . Buck grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Nunez scored , Pickering out at second . Gotay singled to center . Walker pitching for Tigers . Gomez singled to center , Gotay to second . Guiel popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 7th . Camp pitching for Royals . Monroe flied out to center . Pena singled to right . Pena to second on wild pitch by Camp . Thames struck out swinging . Inge grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Relaford singled to right center . Randa singled to left center , Relaford to second . Stairs singled to left , Relaford to third , Randa to second . Yan pitching for Tigers . Nunez singled to center , Relaford scored , Randa to third , Stairs to second . Pickering struck out swinging . Buck popped out to third . Gotay struck out looking . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Camp pitching for Royals . Logan grounded out to second . Infante singled to left . Guillen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Infante out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Yan pitching for Tigers . Gomez flied out to center . Guiel struck out swinging . Relaford safe at first on error by shortstop Guillen . Randa walked , Relaford to second . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Stairs grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 9th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Rodriguez singled to center . Young grounded out to third , Rodriguez to second . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . Pena doubled to left , Rodriguez scored . Urbina pitching for Tigers . Thames grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Urbina pitching for Tigers . Nunez singled to center . Guerrero ran for Pickering . Pickering walked , Nunez to second . Buck reached on bunt single to pitcher , Nunez to third , Guerrero to second . Gotay singled to left , Nunez scored , Guerrero to third , Buck to second . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guerrero scored , Gotay out at second , Buck to third . Guiel hit sacrifice fly to center , Buck scored . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 8 - Royals 9 .	Royals score three in the ninth to down Tigers