Indians - Top 1st. Colon pitching for White Sox. Vizquel flied out to left. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Garcia singled to center. Burks lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Jimenez flied out to center. Valentin walked. Thomas flied out to right. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Valentin out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Colon pitching for White Sox. Lawton flied out to left center. Spencer flied out to right. Hafner grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Lee walked. Crede flied out to center. Rowand grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lee out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Colon pitching for White Sox. Bard doubled to deep left center. Blake singled to right, Bard to third. Vizquel singled to right, Bard scored, Blake to second. Phillips sacrificed to first, Blake to third, Vizquel to second. Garcia hit sacrifice fly to deep right, Blake scored, Vizquel to third. Burks walked. Lawton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Burks out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Alomar Jr popped out to shortstop. Jimenez tripled to deep right. Valentin singled to left, Jimenez scored. Thomas grounded out to pitcher, Valentin to second. Ordonez doubled to left, Valentin scored. Konerko struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Colon pitching for White Sox. Spencer struck out looking. Hafner struck out looking. Bard singled to shallow center. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bard out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Lee grounded out to second. Crede struck out swinging. Rowand flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Colon pitching for White Sox. Vizquel doubled to left. Phillips singled to right, Vizquel to third. Garcia grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Vizquel scored, Phillips out at second. Burks walked. Lawton flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Alomar Jr popped out to third. Jimenez struck out looking. Valentin doubled to deep left center. Thomas walked. Ordonez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Colon pitching for White Sox. Spencer walked. Hafner fouled out to third. Bard grounded into double play, shortstop to second to shortstop to first, Spencer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Konerko grounded out to third. Lee homered to left. Crede walked. Rowand flied out to deep left. Alomar Jr flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Colon pitching for White Sox. Blake grounded out to third. Vizquel grounded out to third. Phillips popped out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Traber pitching for Indians. Jimenez walked. Jimenez stole second. Valentin sacrificed to pitcher, Jimenez to third. Thomas intentionally walked. Santiago pitching for Indians. Ordonez reached on infield single to pitcher, Jimenez scored, Thomas to second, Thomas to third, Ordonez to second on throwing error by pitcher Santiago. Konerko intentionally walked. Lee struck out swinging. Crede flied out to deep center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Colon pitching for White Sox. Garcia grounded out to second. Burks singled to center. Lawton grounded out to third. Spencer reached on infield single to third, Burks to third. Hafner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Mulholland pitching for Indians. Rowand fouled out to catcher. Alomar Jr reached on infield single to second. Jimenez doubled to deep left, Alomar Jr to third. Valentin hit sacrifice fly to center, Alomar Jr scored, Jimenez to third. Thomas hit by pitch. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thomas out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Selby hit for Blake. Colon pitching for White Sox. Bard grounded out to pitcher. Selby popped out to shortstop. Vizquel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 3 - White Sox 5.	Colon gives former team Indians a cold shoulder