White Sox - Top 1st. Radke pitching for Twins. Jimenez grounded out to first. Valentin grounded out to third. Thomas grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Mientkiewicz doubled to right center. Koskie singled to right, Mientkiewicz thrown out at home, Koskie to second advancing on throw. Kielty grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Radke pitching for Twins. Ordonez singled to left. Lee doubled to left, Ordonez scored, Lee to third advancing on throw. Daubach flied out to left. Crede fouled out to first, Lee scored on error by catcher Pierzynski. Alomar Jr singled to center. Harris struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Hunter grounded out to second. Mohr doubled to right. Pierzynski singled to center, Mohr to third. Hocking grounded out to second, Mohr scored, Pierzynski to second. Rivas grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Radke pitching for Twins. Jimenez singled to left. Valentin flied out to right. Thomas reached on infield single to third, Jimenez to second. Ordonez flied out to deep center. Lee popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Guzman walked. Mientkiewicz flied out to center. Koskie singled to right center, Guzman to third. Kielty homered to left center, Guzman and Koskie scored. Hunter flied out to center. Mohr safe at first on error by left fielder Lee. Mohr picked off first. Pierzynski batting. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Radke pitching for Twins. Daubach flied out to center. Crede singled to left. Alomar Jr singled to left, Crede to second. Harris grounded into fielder's choice to second, Alomar Jr out at second, Crede to third. Jimenez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Pierzynski singled to right. Hocking reached on bunt single to third, Pierzynski to second. Rivas sacrificed to third, Pierzynski to third, Hocking to second, Rivas safe at first on error by third baseman Crede. Guzman reached on infield single to pitcher, Pierzynski and Hocking scored, Rivas to third. Mientkiewicz walked, Guzman to second. Koskie flied out to left. Kielty singled to left, Rivas and Guzman scored, Mientkiewicz to second. White pitching for White Sox. Hunter homered to right, Mientkiewicz and Kielty scored. Mohr flied out to left center. Pierzynski doubled to right center. Hocking struck out looking. 7 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Radke pitching for Twins. Valentin grounded out to pitcher. Thomas struck out swinging. Ordonez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. White pitching for White Sox. Rivas fouled out to catcher. Guzman flied out to center. Mientkiewicz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Radke pitching for Twins. Lee reached on infield single to third. Daubach flied out to deep left. Crede struck out swinging. Alomar Jr fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Rios in right field. White pitching for White Sox. Koskie walked. Kielty walked, Koskie to second. Hunter singled to center, Koskie scored, Kielty to second. Glover pitching for White Sox. Mohr flied out to center. Pierzynski doubled to right, Kielty scored, Hunter to third. Hocking grounded out to shortstop, Hunter scored, Pierzynski to third. Rivas singled to center, Pierzynski scored. Guzman singled to center, Rivas to second. Mientkiewicz singled to right, Rivas to third, Guzman to second. Gomez at shortstop. Koskie struck out looking. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Radke pitching for Twins. Harris grounded out to pitcher. Jimenez grounded out to first. Valentin homered to right. Graffanino at shortstop. Thomas flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Glover pitching for White Sox. Kielty grounded out to shortstop. Hunter lined out to left center. Rios in center field. Daubach in right field. Konerko at first base. Mohr flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Fiore pitching for Twins. Rios flied out to right center. Lee flied out to left center. Daubach grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Sanders pitching for White Sox. Sanders pitching for White Sox. Prince homered to left. Hocking struck out swinging. Rivas singled to left. Gomez flied out to center. Mientkiewicz homered to right, Rivas scored. Koskie walked. Kielty batting. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Fiore pitching for Twins. Crede flied out to left. Alomar Jr grounded out to shortstop. Konerko lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 3 - Twins 18.	Twins rough up Buehrle in rout of White Sox