White Sox - Top 1st. Ortiz pitching for Angels. Alomar singled to center. Lee struck out swinging. Thomas fouled out to first. Alomar stole second. Ordonez singled to right center, Alomar scored. Ordonez stole second, Ordonez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Molina. Everett singled to center, Ordonez scored. Konerko struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 1st. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Figgins grounded out to second. Amezaga singled to right. Anderson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Amezaga out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Angels. Valentin singled to left center. Crede singled to left, Valentin to second. Alomar Jr sacrificed to first, Valentin to third, Crede to second, Alomar Jr safe at first on error by first baseman Quinlan. Alomar hit sacrifice fly to left, Valentin scored. Lee flied out to left. Thomas popped out to shallow right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Salmon walked. Spiezio walked, Salmon to second. Molina singled to left center, Salmon scored, Spiezio to second. Quinlan grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Molina out at second, Spiezio to third. Wooten struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Angels. Ordonez grounded out to third. Everett popped out to shallow right. Konerko walked. Valentin doubled to deep right, Konerko to third. Crede flied out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Kennedy walked. Figgins walked, Kennedy to second. Amezaga sacrificed to first, Kennedy to third, Figgins to second. Anderson walked. Salmon walked, Kennedy scored, Figgins to third, Anderson to second. Wright pitching for White Sox. Spiezio popped out to shortstop. Molina flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Ortiz pitching for Angels. Alomar Jr lined out to pitcher. Alomar safe at first on error by shortstop Amezaga. Lee doubled to left center, Alomar scored. Thomas walked. Ordonez singled to center, Lee scored, Thomas to second. Glover pitching for Angels. Everett singled to center, Thomas to third, Ordonez to second. Konerko hit sacrifice fly to deep right, Thomas scored, Ordonez to third. Valentin flied out to right center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 4th. Wright pitching for White Sox. Quinlan struck out swinging. Wooten doubled to left. Kennedy walked. Figgins reached on infield single to third, Wooten to third, Kennedy to second. Amezaga grounded out to second, Wooten scored, Kennedy to third, Figgins to second. Anderson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Glover pitching for Angels. Crede popped out to first. Alomar Jr reached on infield single to shortstop. Alomar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Alomar Jr out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Wright pitching for White Sox. Salmon flied out to center. Spiezio grounded out to second. Molina safe at second on error by center fielder Everett. Quinlan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Glover pitching for Angels. Lee flied out to center. Thomas lined out to right. Ordonez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Wright pitching for White Sox. Wooten grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy flied out to center. Miadich pitching for Angels. Figgins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Miadich pitching for Angels. Everett hit by pitch. Konerko walked, Everett to second. Valentin singled to right, Everett to third, Konerko to second. Crede reached on infield single to shortstop, Everett scored, Konerko to third, Valentin to second. Konerko out at home on runner's fielder's choice, Valentin to third, Crede to second on runner's fielder's choice. Alomar Jr doubled to left, Valentin and Crede scored. Alomar Jr to third on wild pitch by Miadich. Alomar struck out swinging. Lee reached on infield single to third, Alomar Jr scored. Graffanino at second base. Thomas struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Wright pitching for White Sox. Amezaga walked. Anderson grounded out to shortstop, Amezaga to second. Salmon popped out to third. Molina catching. Owens in left field. Davanon in right field. Spiezio lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Rowand hit for Ordonez. Miadich pitching for Angels. Rowand grounded out to third. Harris struck out swinging. Konerko doubled to deep left center. Rowand in right field. Olivo catching. Wunsch pitching for White Sox. Valentin flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Wunsch pitching for White Sox. Owens singled to center. Quinlan singled to left, Owens to second. Wooten flied out to right, Owens to third. Kennedy hit sacrifice fly to left center, Owens scored. Jones pitching for Angels. Figgins fouled out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Jones pitching for Angels. Crede popped out to second. Olivo flied out to left. Graffanino singled to right. Lee singled to left, Graffanino to second. Gordon pitching for White Sox. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lee out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Gordon pitching for White Sox. Amezaga grounded out to first. Molina flied out to left center. Davanon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 10 - Angels 4.	Wright stuff: Reliever keys ChiSox's win over Angels