White Sox - Top 1st. Ellis pitching for Rangers. Alomar singled to right. Lee fouled out to catcher. Everett grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Alomar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Colon pitching for White Sox. Young singled to deep right. Young to second on balk by Colon. Blalock walked. Rodriguez walked, Young to third, Blalock to second. Palmeiro struck out looking. Teixeira doubled to right, Young and Blalock scored, Rodriguez to third. Nix struck out swinging. Greene homered to left center, Rodriguez and Teixeira scored. Jones struck out looking. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Ellis pitching for Rangers. Ordonez struck out looking. Daubach singled to right. Konerko safe at first on error by first baseman Teixeira, Daubach to third. Valentin lined out to right, Konerko to second on throwing error by catcher Greene. Crede grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Colon pitching for White Sox. Nivar singled to left. Young grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nivar out at second. Blalock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Ellis pitching for Rangers. Alomar Jr homered to left. Alomar doubled to left center. Lee homered to left, Alomar scored. Everett walked. Ordonez doubled to left, Everett to third. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Daubach walked. Konerko flied out to left center. Valentin grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Everett out at home, Ordonez to third, Daubach to second. Crede walked, Ordonez scored, Daubach to third, Valentin to second. Alomar Jr doubled to left, Daubach and Valentin scored, Crede to third. Alomar grounded out to first. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Colon pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez walked. Palmeiro doubled to deep left, Rodriguez scored. Teixeira struck out looking. Nix doubled to deep right, Palmeiro scored. Greene grounded out to third. Jones homered to right center, Nix scored. Nivar lined out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Lee flied out to right. Everett flied out to center. Ordonez doubled to right center. Wright pitching for White Sox. Daubach flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Wright pitching for White Sox. Young walked. Young to second on wild pitch by Wright. Blalock homered to right, Young scored. Rodriguez singled to left. Rodriguez stole second. Palmeiro doubled to right center, Rodriguez scored. Teixeira popped out to shortstop. Nix flied out to deep right, Palmeiro to third. Greene flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Konerko grounded out to third. Valentin grounded out to pitcher. Crede fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Wright pitching for White Sox. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Nivar flied out to left. Young grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Alomar Jr grounded out to shortstop. Alomar grounded out to catcher. Lee reached on infield single to third. Everett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Wright pitching for White Sox. Blalock singled to center. Rodriguez struck out looking. Blalock caught stealing second, catcher to second. Palmeiro hit by pitch. Teixeira grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Ordonez struck out swinging. Daubach singled to right. Konerko doubled to deep left, Daubach scored. Ramirez pitching for Rangers. Valentin singled to left, Konerko scored. Crede singled to right, Valentin to second. Wunsch pitching for White Sox. Alomar Jr grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Crede out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Wunsch pitching for White Sox. Nix grounded out to first. Greene struck out swinging. Sadler in left field. Jones flied out to deep right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Ramirez pitching for Rangers. Alomar fouled out to catcher. Lee flied out to right. Everett fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Wunsch pitching for White Sox. Nivar flied out to deep right. Young singled to left. Blalock flied out to deep right center. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Graffanino hit for Daubach. Ramirez pitching for Rangers. Ordonez flied out to left. Graffanino grounded out to second. Konerko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 8 - Rangers 12.	Rangers turn on power to rally past White Sox