Angels - Top 1st. Figgins singled to center. Davanon lined into double play, second to first, Figgins doubled off first. Anderson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Alomar struck out looking. Lee flied out to right. Thomas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Salmon walked. Spiezio singled to right, Salmon to second. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Spiezio out at second, Salmon to third. Kennedy popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Ordonez walked. Everett singled to right, Ordonez to second. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ordonez out at third, Everett to second. Valentin flied out to left. Graffanino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Riggs grounded out to third. Amezaga flied out to left. Figgins popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Olivo grounded out to third. Alomar struck out swinging. Lee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Davanon grounded out to second. Anderson walked. Salmon flied out to left. Spiezio lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Thomas singled to center. Ordonez singled to left center, Thomas to second. Everett grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Thomas out at third, Ordonez to second. Ordonez caught stealing third, catcher to third, Everett to second on runner's fielder's choice. Konerko lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Molina flied out to center. Kennedy flied out to center. Riggs homered to left. Amezaga flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Valentin singled to right. Graffanino grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Valentin out at second. Olivo hit by pitch, Graffanino to second. Alomar grounded into fielder's choice to first, Olivo out at second, Graffanino to third. Lee singled to right, Graffanino scored, Alomar to second. Thomas popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Figgins grounded out to first. Davanon doubled to left. Anderson flied out to right. Salmon lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Ordonez struck out swinging. Everett struck out swinging. Konerko doubled to left center. Valentin flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Spiezio walked. Molina bunt popped out foul to first. Kennedy popped out to second. Riggs grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Spiezio out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Graffanino safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Amezaga. Olivo reached on bunt single to first, Graffanino to second. Alomar reached on bunt single to third, Graffanino to third, Olivo to second. Lee doubled to left, Graffanino and Olivo scored, Alomar tagged out at third. Thomas singled to center, Lee scored. Weber pitching for Angels. Ordonez grounded out to third, Thomas to second. Everett doubled to left center, Thomas scored. Harris in center field. Konerko lined out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 8th. Amezaga homered to right. Figgins struck out swinging. Davanon popped out to shortstop. Glover pitching for Angels. Anderson popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Valentin flied out to left center. Graffanino popped out to third. Olivo batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Gordon pitching for White Sox. Salmon struck out swinging. Spiezio grounded out to first. Molina flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 2 - White Sox 5.	White Sox gain ground in AL Central with win