White Sox - Top 1st. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Eaton popped out to shortstop. Robert struck out swinging. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Haniger grounded out to third. France struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Moncada walked. Moncada to second on wild pitch by Paxton. Mercedes grounded out to first, Moncada to third. Margevicius pitching for Mariners. Vaughn walked. Collins homered to right (394 feet), Moncada scored and Vaughn scored. García grounded out to pitcher. Madrigal grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Giolito pitching for White Sox. White struck out swinging. Trammell struck out swinging. Marmolejos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Margevicius pitching for Mariners. Eaton lined out to second. Robert struck out swinging. Abreu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Torrens singled to left. Fraley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Torrens out at second. Fraley stole second. Crawford singled to center, Fraley to third. Haniger singled to left, Fraley scored, Crawford to second. France doubled to deep left, Crawford scored, Haniger to third. Seager struck out, Haniger scored on Giolito wild pitch, Seager to first on wild pitch by Giolito, France to third on wild pitch by Giolito. White struck out swinging. Trammell struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Margevicius pitching for Mariners. Moncada struck out looking. Mercedes safe at first on fielding error by second baseman France. Vaughn doubled to deep right center, Mercedes to third. Collins struck out looking. García lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Marmolejos walked. Torrens struck out swinging. Fraley fouled out to third. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to third, Marmolejos out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Margevicius pitching for Mariners. Madrigal singled to left. Eaton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Madrigal out at second. Robert homered to left (380 feet), Eaton scored. Abreu flied out to left. Moncada lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Haniger flied out to center. France lined out to right. Seager flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Moore in left field. Sadler pitching for Mariners. Mercedes struck out swinging. Vaughn walked. Collins doubled to right, Vaughn to third. García struck out looking. Madrigal flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. White struck out swinging. Crochet pitching for White Sox. Trammell walked. Murphy hit for Marmolejos. Murphy singled to left, Trammell to second. Torrens struck out swinging. Moore struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Murphy as designated hitter. Sadler pitching for Mariners. Eaton singled to center. Robert singled to right center, Eaton to third. Abreu hit sacrifice fly to left, Eaton scored. Moncada walked, Robert to second. Middleton pitching for Mariners. Mercedes flied out to left. Vaughn grounded into fielder's choice to third, Moncada out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Hamilton in left field. Crochet pitching for White Sox. Crawford lined out to center. Heuer pitching for White Sox. Haniger struck out swinging. France singled to center. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Middleton pitching for Mariners. Collins grounded out to second. García struck out swinging. Madrigal hit by pitch. Madrigal stole second. Eaton walked. Robert walked, Eaton to second, Madrigal to third. Abreu homered to left (404 feet), Madrigal scored, Eaton scored and Robert scored. Moncada lined out to center. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Marshall pitching for White Sox. White grounded out to third. Trammell struck out swinging. Murphy reached on infield single to third. Torrens grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Misiewicz pitching for Mariners. Mercedes singled to left. Hamilton singled to center, Mercedes to second. Collins struck out looking. García grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hamilton out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Marshall pitching for White Sox. Moore hit ground rule double to deep center. Crawford flied out to right, Moore to third. Haniger grounded out to third, Moore scored. France singled to center. Seager walked, France to second. White grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 10 - Mariners 4.	Abreu slams 200th career homer, White Sox topple M's 10-4