White Sox - Top 1st. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop. Eaton struck out swinging, Anderson stole second. Robert doubled to deep left, Anderson scored. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. Grandal flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Hernández homered to left (382 feet). Verdugo singled to shallow left. Martinez singled to right, Verdugo to third. Devers singled to right, Verdugo scored, Martinez to second. Vázquez reached on bunt single to catcher, Devers to second, Martinez to third. Gonzalez singled to right, Martinez scored, Vázquez to second, Devers to third. Renfroe grounded out to third, Devers scored, Gonzalez to second, Vázquez to third. Cordero singled to left center, Gonzalez scored on fielding error by left fielder García and Vázquez scored on error, Cordero to second. Dalbec walked. Hernández popped out to second. Verdugo flied out to left. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 2nd. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Mercedes struck out swinging. Lamb struck out swinging. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Martinez homered to left (398 feet). Devers walked. Burdi pitching for White Sox. Vázquez singled to center, Devers to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Renfroe hit sacrifice fly to center, Devers scored. Cordero struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Madrigal tripled to right. Anderson struck out swinging. Eaton doubled to left, Madrigal scored. Robert lined out to first. Abreu struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Burdi pitching for White Sox. Dalbec struck out swinging. Hernández fouled out to first. Verdugo homered to right (417 feet). Martinez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Grandal struck out looking. Mercedes grounded out to third. Lamb grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Burdi pitching for White Sox. Devers grounded out to second. Vázquez singled to center. Gonzalez walked, Vázquez to second. Renfroe grounded out to third, Gonzalez to second, Vázquez to third. Vázquez scored on error, Cordero safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Abreu, Gonzalez out at home on runner's fielder's choice. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 5th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. García grounded out to second. Madrigal bunt grounded out to pitcher. Anderson doubled to deep left. Eaton doubled to left, Anderson scored. Robert struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Ruiz pitching for White Sox. Dalbec struck out swinging. Hernández struck out looking. Verdugo walked. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Abreu struck out looking. Grandal lined out to right. Mercedes singled to shallow right. Lamb lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Ruiz pitching for White Sox. Devers singled to right. Vázquez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Devers out at second. Vázquez to second on balk. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Vázquez to third. Renfroe struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. García reached on infield single to shortstop. Madrigal struck out swinging. Anderson singled to left, García to third. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. Anderson stole second. Eaton grounded out to shortstop, García scored, Anderson to third. Robert grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Collins catching. Yermin Mercedes pitching for White Sox. Cordero walked. Cordero stole second. Dalbec lined into double play, shortstop to second, Cordero doubled off second. Hernández doubled to left center. Verdugo singled to right, Hernández to third. Martinez singled to left center, Hernández scored, Verdugo to second. Devers walked, Martinez to second, Verdugo to third. Vázquez flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. Abreu struck out swinging. Collins struck out swinging. Mercedes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Mendick pitching for White Sox. Gonzalez hit by pitch. Renfroe singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Cordero struck out swinging. Dalbec flied out to right. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Renfroe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. Lamb grounded out to second. García grounded out to third. Madrigal grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 4 - Red Sox 11.	Red Sox top White Sox 11-4 on Patriots' Day with no Marathon