Twins - Top 1st. Cease pitching for White Sox. Arraez struck out swinging. Donaldson fouled out to first. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Maeda pitching for Twins. Anderson flied out to center. Eaton singled to shallow left. Moncada lined into double play, shortstop to first, Eaton doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Cease pitching for White Sox. Kepler flied out to left. Polanco homered to right (378 feet). Larnach walked. Astudillo singled to left, Larnach to second. Simmons singled to right, Astudillo to second, Larnach to third. Rortvedt hit by pitch, Larnach scored, Simmons to second, Astudillo to third. Arraez sacrificed into double play, right to second to third, Astudillo scored, Simmons thrown out at third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Maeda pitching for Twins. Abreu singled to center. Mercedes walked, Abreu to second. Grandal homered to right (401 feet), Abreu scored and Mercedes scored. Vaughn walked. García grounded out to second, Vaughn to second. Madrigal flied out to center. Anderson singled to left, Vaughn thrown out at home. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Cease pitching for White Sox. Donaldson walked. Cruz grounded out to pitcher, Donaldson to second. Kepler hit by pitch. Polanco lined out to third. Larnach grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Maeda pitching for Twins. Eaton flied out to center. Moncada struck out swinging. Abreu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Cease pitching for White Sox. Astudillo struck out swinging. Simmons struck out swinging. Rortvedt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Maeda pitching for Twins. Mercedes popped out to shortstop. Grandal struck out swinging. Vaughn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Cease pitching for White Sox. Arraez singled to shallow center. Donaldson struck out swinging. Cruz singled to shallow center, Arraez to second. Kepler grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cruz out at second, Arraez to third. Kepler stole second. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Maeda pitching for Twins. García grounded out to second. Madrigal flied out to right. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Foster pitching for White Sox. Larnach flied out to shortstop. Astudillo doubled to left center. Simmons singled to center, Astudillo to third. Garver hit for Rortvedt. Crochet pitching for White Sox. Garver flied out to right. Arraez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Garver catching. Alcala pitching for Twins. Eaton grounded out to second. Moncada walked. Abreu homered to left center (414 feet), Moncada scored. Mercedes singled to shallow left. Grandal grounded into double play, second to third to first, Mercedes out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Heuer pitching for White Sox. Donaldson struck out swinging. Cruz singled to center. Kepler flied out to left. Polanco singled to right, Cruz to second. Garlick hit for Larnach. Bummer pitching for White Sox. Garlick grounded into fielder's choice to second, Polanco safe at second on fielding error by second baseman Madrigal, Cruz to third. Astudillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Garlick in right field. Thielbar pitching for Twins. Vaughn walked. Hamilton ran for Vaughn. García sacrificed to first, Hamilton to second. Hamilton stole third. Madrigal flied out to right. Anderson singled to left, Hamilton scored. Eaton doubled to right, Anderson scored on error, Eaton safe at third on fielding error by second baseman Polanco. Moncada struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 8th. Hamilton in center field. García in left field. Bummer pitching for White Sox. Simmons struck out looking. Garver grounded out to third. Arraez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Thielbar pitching for Twins. Abreu hit by pitch. Mercedes singled to center, Abreu to second. Grandal struck out looking. Law pitching for Twins. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mercedes out at second, Abreu to third. García singled to left, Abreu scored, Hamilton to second. Madrigal reached on infield single to first, Hamilton scored, García to third. Anderson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Ruiz pitching for White Sox. Donaldson flied out to right. Cruz struck out looking. Kepler grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 3 - White Sox 9.	Abreu, Grandal homer, White Sox top Twins 9-3