White Sox - Top 1st. Valdez pitching for Astros. Anderson grounded out to second. Engel struck out looking. Moncada grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Lynn pitching for White Sox. Altuve reached on infield single to third, Altuve safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Moncada. Brantley struck out swinging. Gurriel singled to center, Altuve to third. Altuve scored on Lynn wild pitch, Gurriel to second on wild pitch by Lynn. Alvarez flied out to center. Correa struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 2nd. Valdez pitching for Astros. Abreu grounded out to first. Mercedes grounded out to shortstop. Grandal singled to center. Vaughn reached on infield single to catcher, Grandal to second, Vaughn to second, Grandal safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Valdez. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Lynn pitching for White Sox. García struck out swinging. McCormick struck out swinging. Maldonado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Valdez pitching for Astros. Mendick grounded out to third. Anderson grounded out to second. Engel singled to right center. Moncada doubled to deep left center, Engel scored. Abreu grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Lynn pitching for White Sox. Straw grounded out to shortstop. Altuve doubled to left. Brantley singled to right, Altuve scored. Gurriel lined out to center. Alvarez singled to right, Brantley to second. Correa walked, Alvarez to second, Brantley to third. García doubled to deep right, Brantley scored, Correa scored and Alvarez scored. McCormick grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Mercedes struck out swinging. Grandal popped out to second. Vaughn walked. García grounded into fielder's choice to second, Vaughn out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Lynn pitching for White Sox. Maldonado struck out swinging. Straw reached on infield single to shortstop. Altuve grounded out to third, Straw to second. Brantley doubled to deep left, Straw scored. Gurriel flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Mendick struck out swinging. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Engel grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Burr pitching for White Sox. Alvarez walked. Correa popped out to second. García grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Alvarez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Moncada walked. Abreu struck out looking. Mercedes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moncada out at second. Mercedes to second on wild pitch by Valdez. Mercedes to third on wild pitch by Valdez. Grandal flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Burr pitching for White Sox. McCormick grounded out to second. Maldonado struck out swinging. Straw reached on infield single to shortstop. Straw stole second. Altuve grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Vaughn homered to right (359 feet). García grounded out to pitcher. Mendick singled to right center. Anderson flied out to right, Mendick to second. Mendick scored on throwing error by catcher Maldonado. Engel flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 7th. Ruiz pitching for White Sox. Brantley lined out to center. Gurriel struck out looking. Alvarez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Stanek pitching for Astros. Moncada reached on infield single to third. Abreu struck out swinging. Mercedes flied out to center. Grandal singled to right center, Moncada to second. Vaughn popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Ruiz pitching for White Sox. Correa homered to right (373 feet). García flied out to center. McCormick singled to left. Maldonado grounded out to third, McCormick to second. Burdi pitching for White Sox. Straw flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Goodwin hit for García. Pressly pitching for Astros. Goodwin flied out to center. Lamb hit for Mendick. Lamb struck out swinging. Anderson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 3 - Astros 7.	Garcia drives in 3, Correa homers as Astros beat White Sox