White Sox - Top 1st. Skubal pitching for Tigers. Anderson doubled to deep center. Sheets grounded out to second, Anderson to third. Abreu singled to center, Anderson scored. Vaughn singled to right, Abreu to third. García grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu scored, Vaughn out at second. Burger struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Keuchel pitching for White Sox. Baddoo struck out swinging. Schoop grounded out to shortstop. Candelario grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Skubal pitching for Tigers. Hamilton doubled to left center. Collins flied out to center, Hamilton to third. Mendick walked. Anderson struck out swinging. Sheets grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Keuchel pitching for White Sox. Cabrera singled to center. Haase singled to right, Cabrera to second. Grossman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Haase out at second, Cabrera to third. Short grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Skubal pitching for Tigers. Abreu grounded out to second. Vaughn lined out to left. García singled to shallow center. Burger fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Keuchel pitching for White Sox. Castro struck out swinging. Rogers flied out to right. Baddoo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Skubal pitching for Tigers. Hamilton struck out swinging. Collins struck out looking. Mendick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Keuchel pitching for White Sox. Schoop walked. Candelario flied out to right. Cabrera walked, Schoop to second. Haase homered to center (295 feet), Schoop scored and Cabrera scored. Grossman flied out to left. Short lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Skubal pitching for Tigers. Anderson doubled to deep left. Sheets grounded out to first, Anderson to third. Abreu singled to right center, Anderson scored. Vaughn struck out swinging. García homered to left (415 feet), Abreu scored. Burger struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Keuchel pitching for White Sox. Castro singled to right. Rogers singled to left center, Castro to third. Rogers to second on wild pitch by Keuchel. Baddoo walked. Schoop singled to center, Rogers scored and Castro scored, Baddoo to second. Candelario singled to right, Baddoo scored, Schoop to second. Burr pitching for White Sox. Cabrera struck out swinging. Candelario to second on wild pitch by Burr, Schoop to third on wild pitch by Burr. Haase struck out swinging. Grossman walked. Short walked, Schoop scored, Grossman to second, Candelario to third. Castro grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Jiménez pitching for Tigers. Hamilton struck out swinging. Collins struck out looking. Mendick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Fry pitching for White Sox. Rogers struck out looking. Baddoo grounded out to second. Schoop struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Cisnero pitching for Tigers. Anderson fouled out to right. Sheets walked. Abreu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sheets out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Fry pitching for White Sox. Candelario walked. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Candelario to second. Cameron ran for Cabrera. Haase homered to right (362 feet), Candelario scored and Cameron scored. Grossman walked. Grossman picked off and caught stealing first. Short walked. Foster pitching for White Sox. Castro struck out looking. Rogers flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Cameron as designated hitter. Funkhouser pitching for Tigers. Vaughn grounded out to shortstop. García walked. Burger grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, García out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Foster pitching for White Sox. Baddoo grounded out to shortstop. Schoop homered to center (440 feet). Candelario struck out looking. Cameron struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Hamilton struck out swinging. Collins struck out swinging. Mendick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 5 - Tigers 11.	Haase pair of 3-run HRs, inside-the-parker, Tigers top WSox