White Sox - Top 1st. Plesac pitching for Indians. Hernandez grounded out to first. Engel struck out swinging. García singled to shallow left. Grandal singled to left, García to second. Goodwin grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Kopech pitching for White Sox. Straw struck out swinging. Mercado struck out swinging. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Plesac pitching for Indians. Vaughn grounded out to third. Sheets flied out to right. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Kopech pitching for White Sox. Reyes flied out to right. Bradley lined out to center. Chang struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Plesac pitching for Indians. Collins struck out looking. Hernandez lined out to first. Engel doubled to left. García flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Wright Jr. pitching for White Sox. Pérez struck out looking. Miller doubled to right. Clement walked. Straw struck out looking. Mercado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Plesac pitching for Indians. Grandal singled to right, Grandal out stretching at second. Goodwin grounded out to second. Vaughn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Wright Jr. pitching for White Sox. Ramírez walked. Reyes singled to center, Ramírez to third. Bradley struck out swinging. Ramírez scored on Wright Jr. wild pitch, Reyes to second on wild pitch by Wright Jr.. Chang singled to left. Pérez grounded out to pitcher, Chang to second, Reyes to third. Miller grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Plesac pitching for Indians. Sheets grounded out to second. Hamilton struck out swinging. Collins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Foster pitching for White Sox. Clement reached on infield single to third. Straw lined into double play, to first, Clement doubled off first. Mercado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Plesac pitching for Indians. Hernandez lined out to right. Engel singled to shallow right. García singled to left, Engel to second. Grandal walked, García to second, Engel to third. Shaw pitching for Indians. Goodwin grounded into fielder's choice to first, Grandal to second, García to third, Engel out at home. Vaughn singled to left, García scored and Grandal scored, Goodwin thrown out at third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Foster pitching for White Sox. Ramírez struck out looking. Reyes walked. Zimmer ran for Reyes. Bradley singled to deep center, Zimmer to second. Ruiz pitching for White Sox. Chang singled to left, Bradley to second, Zimmer to third. Giménez ran for Bradley. Pérez struck out swinging. Miller singled to center, Giménez scored and Zimmer scored, Chang to third. Clement grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Zimmer in right field. Giménez at shortstop. Chang at first base. Clase pitching for Indians. Sheets singled to center. Hamilton singled to right, Sheets to second. Collins singled to right, Hamilton to second, Sheets to third. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Sheets scored on fielding error by first baseman Chang, Collins to second, Hamilton to third. Engel struck out swinging. García grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hernandez to second, Collins to third, Hamilton out at home. Grandal popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 7th. Ruiz pitching for White Sox. Straw singled to right center. Mercado homered to left (391 feet), Straw scored. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 3 - Indians 5.	White Sox clinch AL Central with victory over Indians