Nationals - Top 1st . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Lopez struck out looking . Belliard flied out to left . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Patterson pitching for Nationals . Rollins flied out to right . Victorino grounded out to second . Utley singled to center . Utley to second on wild pitch by Patterson . Howard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Young struck out swinging . Kearns struck out swinging . Church grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Patterson pitching for Nationals . Burrell doubled to left . Helms struck out looking . Rowand singled to left , Burrell to third , Rowand to second advancing on throw . Ruiz grounded out to second , Burrell scored , Rowand to third . Lieber grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Fick struck out looking . Schneider popped out to third . Patterson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Patterson pitching for Nationals . Rollins fouled out to third . Victorino struck out looking . Utley doubled to deep left . Howard homered to right , Utley scored . Burrell flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Lopez singled to center . Belliard reached on infield single to shortstop , Lopez to second . Zimmerman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Belliard out at second , Lopez to third . Young singled to right , Lopez scored . Kearns doubled to deep center , Young scored . Church grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Patterson pitching for Nationals . Helms flied out to center . Rowand flied out to center . Ruiz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Fick flied out to left . Schneider grounded out to second . Patterson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Patterson pitching for Nationals . Lieber singled to center . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lieber out at second . Rollins stole second . Victorino flied out to right . Utley doubled to deep right , Rollins scored . Howard intentionally walked . Burrell walked , Utley to third , Howard to second . Helms lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Lopez lined out to first . Belliard grounded out to second . Zimmerman doubled to deep center . Young popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Patterson pitching for Nationals . Rowand grounded out to shortstop . Dobbs hit for Lieber . Ruiz singled to right . Bowie pitching for Nationals . Dobbs walked , Ruiz to second . Rollins walked , Ruiz to third , Dobbs to second . Victorino safe at first on error by second baseman Belliard , Ruiz scored , Dobbs to third , Rollins to second . Utley singled to left , Dobbs and Rollins scored , Victorino to second . Howard struck out swinging . Wagner pitching for Nationals . Burrell walked , Victorino to third , Utley to second . Victorino out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Bourn in left field . Helms batting . Smith pitching for Phillies . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 7th . Smith pitching for Phillies . Kearns walked . Restovich hit for Fick . Church walked , Kearns to second . Restovich grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Church out at second , Kearns to third . Jimenez hit for Wagner . Schneider grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kearns scored , Restovich out at second . Geary pitching for Phillies . Jimenez walked , Schneider to second . Snelling in left field . Speigner pitching for Nationals . Lopez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Speigner pitching for Nationals . Helms flied out to right . Rowand grounded out to third . Nunez at third base . Myers pitching for Phillies . Ruiz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Belliard reached on infield single to shortstop . Belliard to second on fielder 's indifference . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Young walked . Colome pitching for Nationals . Kearns grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Colome pitching for Nationals . Bourn tripled to deep left . Rollins homered to right , Bourn scored . Victorino flied out to left . Utley singled to right . Howard walked , Utley to second . Werth hit for Myers . Nunez struck out looking . Rosario pitching for Phillies . Werth struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Rosario pitching for Phillies . Church grounded out to second . Snelling struck out swinging . Flores hit for Colome . Schneider doubled to deep left . Flores struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Phillies 9 .	Lieber , Utley power streaking Phillies past Nationals