Phillies - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Victorino flied out to right . Utley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Sizemore singled to center . Blake reached on infield single to shortstop , Sizemore to second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Sizemore out at third , Blake to second . Hafner flied out to left . Peralta flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Howard struck out swinging . Rowand grounded out to shortstop . Burrell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Michaels flied out to right . Nixon flied out to center . Garko struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Werth grounded out to shortstop . Helms singled to center . Barajas homered to left , Helms scored . Rollins grounded out to third . Victorino popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Barfield singled to center . Sizemore hit by pitch , Barfield to second . Blake flied out to right , Barfield to third . Martinez grounded out to first , Barfield scored , Sizemore to second . Hafner grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Utley struck out swinging . Howard struck out swinging . Rowand walked . Burrell popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Peralta walked . Michaels singled to center , Peralta to second . Nixon reached on infield single to first , Peralta to third , Michaels to second . Garko grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Peralta out at home , Michaels to third , Nixon to second . Barfield hit sacrifice fly to left , Michaels scored . Sizemore struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Werth struck out swinging . Helms grounded out to third . Barajas grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Blake struck out swinging . Martinez flied out to left . Hafner singled to center . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hafner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Rollins doubled to left . Victorino grounded out to second , Rollins to third . Utley popped out to shortstop . Howard doubled to deep right , Rollins scored . Rowand singled to right , Howard scored , Rowand to second on error by right fielder Nixon . Burrell flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 6th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Michaels fouled out to first . Nixon singled to right . Garko reached on infield single to pitcher , Nixon to second . Barfield doubled to deep left center , Nixon scored , Garko to third . Sizemore intentionally walked . Zagurski pitching for Phillies . Blake singled to left , Garko and Barfield scored , Sizemore to second . Martinez singled to left , Sizemore scored , Blake to second . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Hafner walked , Blake to third , Martinez to second . Peralta doubled to deep right , Blake and Martinez scored , Hafner to third . Michaels struck out swinging . Nixon doubled to deep right center , Hafner and Peralta scored . Mastny pitching for Indians . Garko struck out looking . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Mastny pitching for Indians . Werth lined out to center . Helms struck out swinging . Barajas reached on infield single to second . Rollins walked , Barajas to second . Perez pitching for Indians . Victorino doubled to left , Barajas and Rollins scored . Utley walked . Geary pitching for Phillies . Howard struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Barfield struck out swinging . Sizemore flied out to left . Blake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Rowand walked . Burrell fouled out to first . Dobbs hit for Helms . Werth grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rowand out at second . Dobbs at third base . Dobbs flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Martinez safe at first on error by second baseman Utley . Martinez to second on balk by Geary . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 9th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Barajas batting . Rollins fouled out to third . Victorino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 6 - Indians 10 .	Indians put up eight in the sixth to beat up Phillies