Pirates - Top 1st . Moyer pitching for Phillies . McLouth struck out swinging . Sanchez flied out to right . Bay struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . Bourn singled to center . Victorino hit by pitch , Bourn to second . Rollins walked , Bourn to third , Victorino to second . Howard struck out looking . Burrell struck out swinging . Dobbs singled to right , Bourn and Victorino scored , Rollins to third . Ruiz walked , Dobbs to second . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Dobbs out at third , Ruiz to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Nady flied out to center . Phelps lined out to third . Castillo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . Moyer lined out to center . Bourn singled to right . Bourn stole second . Victorino grounded out to catcher , Bourn to third . Rollins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Paulino singled to left . Wilson struck out swinging . Van Benschoten sacrificed to pitcher , Paulino to second . McLouth grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates . Howard walked . Burrell homered to left , Howard scored . Dobbs walked . Ruiz doubled to deep left center , Dobbs scored . Nunez grounded out to second , Ruiz to third . Moyer singled to left , Ruiz scored . Armas pitching for Pirates . Bourn singled to center , Moyer to second . Victorino singled to right , Moyer to third , Bourn to second . Rollins singled to left , Moyer scored , Bourn to third , Victorino to second . Howard struck out swinging . Burrell walked , Bourn scored , Victorino to third , Rollins to second . Dobbs fouled out to first . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Sanchez grounded out to third . Bay grounded out to third . Nady flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Armas pitching for Pirates . Ruiz grounded out to shortstop . Nunez struck out looking . Moyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Phelps safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Dobbs . Castillo doubled to deep center , Phelps to third . Paulino singled to right , Phelps scored , Castillo to third . Wilson flied out to right . Kata hit for Armas . Kata struck out swinging . McLouth grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Bourn singled to center . Bourn to second on wild pitch by Grabow . Victorino grounded out to second , Bourn to third . Rollins safe at first on error by shortstop Wilson . Howard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rollins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 6th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Sanchez popped out to second . Bay singled to left . Nady flied out to right . Phelps flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Burrell doubled to deep center . Dobbs struck out swinging . Ruiz struck out swinging . Nunez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Paulino singled to right . Wilson singled to left , Paulino to second . Doumit hit for Grabow . Doumit grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wilson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Moyer grounded out to second . Bourn walked . Victorino grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bourn out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Moyer pitching for Phillies . McLouth batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 1 - Phillies 8 .	Phillies earn rain - shortened win over Pirates