Phillies - Top 1st . Kim pitching for Marlins . Rollins homered to right . Utley lined out to right . Burrell grounded out to third . Howard struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Ramirez singled to center . Uggla hit by pitch , Ramirez to second . Hermida singled to center , Ramirez scored , Uggla to second . Cabrera singled to right , Uggla to third , Hermida to second . Jacobs singled to right , Uggla scored , Hermida to third , Cabrera to second . Linden walked , Hermida scored , Cabrera to third , Jacobs to second . Treanor singled to left , Cabrera scored , Jacobs to third , Linden to second . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Jacobs scored , Linden to third , Treanor to second on wild pitch by Condrey . Amezaga hit sacrifice fly to left , Linden scored . Kim grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez singled to center , Treanor scored , Ramirez to second advancing on throw . Uggla flied out to right . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Kim pitching for Marlins . Rowand homered to left . Dobbs singled to right . Werth doubled to right , Dobbs to third . Coste singled to right , Dobbs scored , Werth to third . Condrey struck out swinging . Rollins singled to right , Werth scored , Coste to second . Coste to third , Rollins to second on wild pitch by Kim . Utley struck out swinging . Burrell flied out to left . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Hermida grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera flied out to center . Jacobs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Kim pitching for Marlins . Howard doubled to deep right center . Rowand grounded out to third . Dobbs reached on infield single to shortstop . Werth struck out looking . Coste lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Linden grounded out to second . Treanor grounded out to shortstop . Amezaga hit by pitch . Kim grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Amezaga out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Barajas hit for Condrey . Kim pitching for Marlins . Barajas singled to right . Rollins flied out to left . Utley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Barajas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Mesa pitching for Phillies . Ramirez flied out to center . Uggla grounded out to second . Hermida struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Kim pitching for Marlins . Burrell flied out to center . Howard walked . Rowand lined out to shortstop . Dobbs singled to left , Howard to second . Werth grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Mesa pitching for Phillies . Cabrera singled to left . Jacobs doubled to deep center , Cabrera scored . Linden grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jacobs out at third . Linden stole second . Treanor singled to left , Linden to third . Amezaga walked , Treanor to second . De Aza hit for Kim . De Aza grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Linden scored , Amezaga out at second , Treanor to third . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , De Aza out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Gardner pitching for Marlins . Coste struck out swinging . Nunez hit for Mesa . Nunez grounded out to pitcher . Rollins singled to right . Utley lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Rosario pitching for Phillies . Uggla flied out to center . Hermida struck out swinging . Cabrera popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Gardner pitching for Marlins . Burrell struck out looking . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Howard struck out looking . Rowand struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Rosario pitching for Phillies . Jacobs singled to right . Linden struck out swinging . Treanor struck out looking . Amezaga walked , Jacobs to second . Wood hit for Tankersley . Wood struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Benitez pitching for Marlins . Wood at first base . Dobbs walked . Dobbs stole second . Werth walked . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Coste grounded out to second , Dobbs to third , Werth to second . Victorino hit for Rosario . Victorino grounded out to pitcher , Dobbs scored , Werth to third . Rollins reached on infield single to third , Werth scored . Ross in center field . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Rollins stole second . Utley popped out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Alfonseca pitching for Phillies . Ramirez doubled to left . Uggla grounded out to second , Ramirez to third . Hermida singled to center , Ramirez scored . Cabrera popped out to second . Ross homered to left , Hermida scored . Linden grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Burrell flied out to left . Howard struck out swinging . Rowand struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 6 - Marlins 12 .	Marlins jump out early , end Phils ' six - game streak