Rockies - Top 1st. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Miles grounded out to second. Sullivan grounded out to shortstop. Helton popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Ellison reached on bunt single to third. Ellison stole second, Ellison safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Kennedy. Vizquel popped out to shortstop. Cruz grounded out to third, Ellison scored. Feliz struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 2nd. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Holliday flied out to center. Hawpe struck out swinging. Baker struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Alfonzo singled to center. Alfonzo to second on wild pitch by Kennedy. Grissom singled to left, Alfonzo to third. Niekro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Alfonzo scored, Grissom out at second. Matheny struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Closser walked. Kennedy struck out bunting foul. Miles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Schmidt struck out looking. Ellison grounded out to shortstop. Vizquel grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Sullivan struck out swinging. Helton flied out to center. Holliday walked. Hawpe flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Feliz doubled to deep right. Alfonzo singled to right, Feliz to third. Grissom walked, Alfonzo to second. Niekro hit sacrifice fly to first, Feliz scored, Alfonzo to third. Matheny flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Baker flied out to right. Barmes struck out looking. Closser reached on infield single to second. Kennedy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Schmidt singled to right. Ellison sacrificed to first, Schmidt to second. Vizquel doubled to left, Schmidt scored. Cruz singled to right, Vizquel to third. Feliz singled to center, Vizquel scored, Cruz to second. Alfonzo hit by pitch, Cruz to third, Feliz to second. Seay pitching for Rockies. Grissom singled to center, Cruz and Feliz scored, Alfonzo to second. Niekro struck out swinging. Matheny doubled to deep right, Alfonzo and Grissom scored. Schmidt singled to center, Matheny scored. Schmidt to second on balk by Seay. Ellison walked. Vizquel flied out to left. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Miles safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Cruz. Sullivan singled to left center, Miles to second. Helton walked, Miles to third, Sullivan to second. Holliday struck out swinging. Hawpe hit sacrifice fly to center, Miles scored. Carvajal pitching for Rockies. Amezaga at third base. Baker grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 6th. Carvajal pitching for Rockies. Cruz safe at first on error by shortstop Barmes. Feliz fouled out to shortstop. Alfonzo flied out to right. Fassero pitching for Giants. Grissom popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 7th. Fassero pitching for Giants. Barmes singled to center. Closser singled to left center, Barmes to second. Amezaga flied out to right, Barmes to third. Miles singled to right, Barmes scored, Closser to third. Gonzalez at first base. Sullivan grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Miles out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Carvajal pitching for Rockies. Niekro singled to left. Torcato hit for Fassero. Matheny flied out to center. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Torcato grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Niekro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Gonzalez singled to center. Holliday grounded out to second, Gonzalez to second. Restovich hit for Carvajal. Hawpe struck out swinging. Restovich singled to right, Gonzalez scored. Brower pitching for Giants. Barmes singled to center, Restovich to second. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Closser grounded into fielder's choice to second, Barmes out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Ellison singled to deep center. Vizquel grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ellison out at second. Cruz doubled to deep left center, Vizquel to third. Feliz grounded out to shortstop, Vizquel scored. Ellison in left field. Tucker in right field. Snow at first base. Alfonzo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Brower pitching for Giants. Amezaga reached on infield single to shortstop. Miles grounded out to first, Amezaga to second. Sullivan struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to center, Amezaga scored. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Giants 11.	Schmidt produces with arm, bat to lift Giants