Giants - Top 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellison struck out swinging. Vizquel grounded out to second. Snow flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Tomko pitching for Giants. Counsell grounded out to second. Clayton grounded out to third. Gonzalez popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Alou doubled to deep left. Feliz grounded out to third. Durham struck out swinging. Tucker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Tomko pitching for Giants. Green struck out looking. Cintron struck out swinging. Tracy popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Matheny walked. Tomko bunted into fielder's choice to first, Matheny out at second. Ellison struck out swinging. Vizquel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Tomko pitching for Giants. McCracken flied out to left. Snyder flied out to left. Webb grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Snow flied out to left. Alou walked. Feliz doubled to deep right, Alou scored, Feliz out stretching at third. Durham walked. Durham picked off first. Tucker batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Tomko pitching for Giants. Counsell struck out looking. Clayton flied out to right. Gonzalez reached on infield single to second. Green singled to right, Gonzalez to third. Cintron singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Green to second. Tracy singled to left, Green scored, Cintron to second. McCracken singled to left center, Cintron scored, Tracy to third. Snyder doubled to left, Tracy scored, McCracken to third. Webb fouled out to left. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Tucker struck out swinging. Matheny struck out looking. Cruz at second base. Tomko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Tomko pitching for Giants. Counsell popped out to second. Clayton singled to right. Gonzalez singled to right, Clayton to second. Green flied out to center, Clayton to third. Cintron grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellison struck out looking. Vizquel grounded out to shortstop. Snow walked. Alou singled to left, Snow to second. Feliz singled to right, Snow scored, Alou to third. Cruz popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Tomko pitching for Giants. Tracy singled to right. McCracken grounded into double play, pitcher to second to shortstop to first, Tracy out at second. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Snyder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Tucker walked. Niekro hit for Tomko. Matheny grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tucker out at second. Niekro singled to left, Matheny to second. Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellison struck out swinging. Vizquel reached on infield single to shortstop, Matheny to third, Niekro to second. Fassero pitching for Giants. Kata hit for Lopez. Snow struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Fassero pitching for Giants. Kata fouled out to first. Counsell safe at first on error by first baseman Snow. Clayton walked, Counsell to second. Gonzalez singled to right, Counsell scored, Clayton to second, Clayton to third advancing on throw. Green grounded into fielder's choice to first, Clayton scored, Gonzalez out at second. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 8th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Alou walked. Feliz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Alou out at second. Accardo pitching for Giants. Cruz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Accardo pitching for Giants. Tracy flied out to center. McCracken struck out swinging. Snyder flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Tucker grounded out to first. Alfonzo hit for Accardo. Matheny struck out swinging. Alfonzo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 2 - Diamondbacks 6.	Double down: Giants lose after Bonds' bad news