Nationals - Top 1st. Lowry pitching for Giants. Wilkerson singled to right. Carroll grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wilkerson out at second. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Ohka pitching for Nationals. Vizquel popped out to shortstop. Cruz grounded out to third. Snow grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Lowry pitching for Giants. Castilla grounded out to third. Johnson grounded out to first. Hammonds grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Ohka pitching for Nationals. Alou walked. Feliz doubled to deep left, Alou to third. Alfonzo singled to right, Alou scored, Feliz to third. Grissom walked, Alfonzo to second. Matheny hit sacrifice fly to center, Feliz scored, Alfonzo to third. Lowry sacrificed to catcher, Grissom to second. Vizquel grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Lowry pitching for Giants. Guzman singled to center. Bennett singled to center, Guzman to second. Ohka struck out bunting foul. Wilkerson reached on bunt single to third, Guzman to third, Bennett to second. Carroll singled to right, Guzman scored, Bennett to third, Wilkerson to second. Guillen fouled out to third. Castilla singled to right, Bennett and Wilkerson scored, Carroll to second. Johnson singled to center, Carroll scored, Castilla to third. Johnson stole second. Hammonds flied out to right. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Ohka pitching for Nationals. Cruz homered to left. Snow popped out to shortstop. Alou flied out to left. Feliz popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Guzman grounded out to third. Bennett struck out swinging. Ohka struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Ohka pitching for Nationals. Alfonzo lined out to right. Grissom singled to center. Matheny grounded out to third, Grissom to second. Lowry walked. Vizquel lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Carroll walked. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Carroll out at second. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Castilla fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Cruz flied out to left. Snow walked. Alou walked, Snow to second. Feliz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Alou out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Johnson struck out swinging. Hammonds flied out to center. Guzman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Alfonzo flied out to left. Grissom struck out swinging. Matheny grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Bennett flied out to left. Rauch struck out swinging. Wilkerson singled to right. Walker pitching for Giants. Carroll walked, Wilkerson to second. Church ran for Guillen. Guillen hit by pitch, Wilkerson to third, Carroll to second. Church in right field. Niekro hit for Walker. Castilla grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Church out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Niekro walked. Ellison ran for Niekro. Vizquel sacrificed to third, Ellison to second. Cruz struck out swinging. Snow walked. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Alou grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ellison out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Johnson singled to right. Hammonds grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. Chavez ran for Hammonds. Brower pitching for Giants. Guzman walked, Chavez to second. Baerga hit for Rauch. Eyre pitching for Giants. Bennett doubled to right, Chavez scored, Guzman to third. Baerga walked. Levine pitching for Giants. Wilkerson walked, Guzman scored, Bennett to third, Baerga to second. Carroll bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bennett out at home, Baerga to third, Wilkerson to second. Church doubled to deep left center, Baerga, Wilkerson and Carroll scored. Wilkerson in left field. Chavez in center field. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Castilla grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Feliz singled to center. Alfonzo struck out swinging. Grissom grounded into double play, third to second to first, Feliz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Levine pitching for Giants. Johnson walked. Chavez flied out to center. Guzman popped out to shortstop. Bennett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Tucker hit for Levine. Matheny struck out looking. Tucker walked. Vizquel singled to center, Tucker to second. Cruz singled to left, Tucker to third, Vizquel to second. Snow flied out to left. Alou lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 9 - Giants 3.	Giant killers: Church, Wilkerson help Nats win