Giants - Top 1st. Haren pitching for Athletics. Sanchez grounded out to second. Vizquel grounded out to first. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Lowry pitching for Giants. Kendall walked. Kotsay struck out swinging. Crosby struck out swinging. Chavez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Alou grounded out to third. Niekro grounded out to shortstop. Durham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Lowry pitching for Giants. Kielty singled to right. Byrnes flied out to left. Johnson walked, Kielty to second. Swisher homered to left, Kielty and Johnson scored. Ellis flied out to center. Kendall grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Linden struck out swinging. Matheny homered to left. Ellison grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Lowry pitching for Giants. Kotsay grounded out to second. Crosby flied out to right. Chavez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Vizquel struck out swinging. Feliz grounded out to third. Alou doubled to center. Niekro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Kielty safe at first on error by third baseman Feliz. Byrnes lined out to right. Johnson walked, Kielty to second. Swisher grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 5th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Durham grounded out to first. Linden grounded out to shortstop. Matheny flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Ellis safe at second on error by left fielder Linden. Kendall grounded out to second, Ellis to third. Kotsay doubled to right, Ellis scored. Crosby reached on infield single to third, Kotsay to third. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kotsay scored, Crosby safe at third on error by first baseman Niekro, Chavez safe at second on error by first baseman Niekro. Kielty walked. Byrnes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kielty out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Ellison reached on infield single to shortstop. Sanchez sacrificed to first, Ellison to second. Vizquel struck out swinging. Feliz lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Johnson struck out swinging. Swisher lined out to left. Ellis singled to right. Ellis caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Kendall batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Alou singled to left. Niekro singled to left, Alou to second. Durham fouled out to left. Linden doubled to deep right, Alou scored, Niekro to third. Matheny fouled out to third. Ellison flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Taschner pitching for Giants. Kendall lined out to shortstop. Kotsay flied out to center. Crosby flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Sanchez popped out to shortstop. Vizquel grounded out to second. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Taschner pitching for Giants. Chavez doubled to deep right. Kielty struck out swinging. Byrnes safe at second on error by right fielder Sanchez, Byrnes advanced to first on play, Byrnes tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. Johnson safe at second on error by center fielder Ellison, Chavez scored. Swisher flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Alou homered to left. Niekro fouled out to first. Durham grounded out to shortstop. Linden struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 3 - Athletics 6.	Buddy system: Haren tops pal Lowry in Battle of Bay