Giants - Top 1st. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellison struck out looking. Vizquel singled to right. Niekro doubled to left, Vizquel to third. Alou singled to center, Vizquel and Niekro scored. Feliz flied out to left. Durham flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Counsell grounded out to second. Cintron flied out to center. Tracy doubled to deep right. Glaus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Linden struck out swinging. Matheny grounded out to third. Schmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Green grounded out to second. Cruz grounded out to second. Terrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellison grounded out to third. Vizquel flied out to center. Niekro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Snyder grounded out to third. Halsey struck out swinging. Counsell homered to right. Cintron singled to center. Tracy singled to left, Cintron to second. Glaus doubled to deep left center, Cintron and Tracy scored. Green flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Alou singled to center. Feliz singled to center, Alou to second. Durham walked, Alou to third, Feliz to second. Linden grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Alou scored, Durham out at second, Feliz to third. Matheny doubled to deep right, Feliz scored. Schmidt grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Cruz walked. Terrero flied out to left. Snyder singled to center, Cruz to second. Halsey bunt popped out foul to catcher. Counsell reached on infield single to first, Snyder hit by batted ball out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellison singled to left. Vizquel sacrificed to pitcher, Ellison to second. Ellison stole third. Niekro struck out swinging. Alou grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Cintron struck out looking. Tracy doubled to deep right. Glaus struck out swinging. Green walked. Cruz walked, Tracy to third, Green to second. Terrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks. Feliz doubled to deep left center. Durham sacrificed to pitcher, Feliz to third. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken in center field. Linden grounded into fielder's choice to third, Feliz scored, Linden to second on throwing error by third baseman Glaus. Matheny flied out to center. Schmidt struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Eyre pitching for Giants. Tracy doubled to left. Glaus fouled out to catcher. Green lined out to center. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Alou fouled out to first. Feliz flied out to center. Durham walked. Munter pitching for Giants. Kata hit for Valverde. Linden grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Munter pitching for Giants. Kata grounded out to shortstop. Snyder struck out swinging. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Tucker hit for Munter. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Matheny walked. Tucker doubled to deep left, Matheny to third. Ellison singled to center, Matheny scored, Tucker to third. Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Vizquel singled to right, Tucker scored, Ellison to second. Niekro walked, Ellison to third, Vizquel to second. Ellison scored, Vizquel to third, Niekro to second on wild pitch by Medders. Alou hit sacrifice fly to right, Vizquel scored. Feliz singled to right, Niekro scored. Durham singled to right, Feliz to second. Linden flied out to right. Matheny hit ground rule double to deep right, Feliz scored, Durham to third. Tucker walked. Walker pitching for Giants. Ellison flied out to left. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Walker pitching for Giants. Counsell grounded out to second. Cintron grounded out to second. Tracy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 11 - Diamondbacks 3.	D-Backs can't solve Schmidt as Giants snap losing skid