Giants - Top 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez grounded out to pitcher. Vizquel singled to right. Snow grounded out to pitcher, Vizquel to second. Alou reached on infield single to third, Vizquel to third. Feliz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Rueter pitching for Giants. Counsell struck out swinging. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Durham doubled to deep center. Matheny grounded into double play, shortstop to first to third, Durham out at third. Ellison grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Rueter pitching for Giants. Glaus flied out to center. Clark flied out to right. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Rueter grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez struck out looking. Vizquel walked. Snow hit ground rule double to deep right, Vizquel to third. Alou singled to left, Vizquel and Snow scored. Feliz grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Rueter pitching for Giants. Cruz walked. Snyder singled to right, Cruz to second. Webb bunted into double play, catcher to third to second to pitcher, Cruz out at third, Snyder to second. Counsell reached on infield single to second, Snyder to third. Clayton singled to right, Snyder scored, Counsell to third. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Clayton out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Durham struck out swinging. Matheny grounded out to third. Ellison grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Rueter pitching for Giants. Glaus grounded out to pitcher. Clark flied out to center. Green walked. Cruz popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Rueter bunt grounded out to pitcher. Sanchez reached on infield single to second. Sanchez stole second. Vizquel reached on infield single to second. Niekro at first base. San Francisco's Snow ejected by Randazzo in the 5th. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Rueter pitching for Giants. Snyder flied out to right. Webb grounded out to second. Counsell grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Alou walked. Feliz flied out to right. Durham grounded into fielder's choice to second, Alou out at second. Matheny grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Rueter pitching for Giants. Clayton walked. Gonzalez safe at first on error by first baseman Niekro, Clayton advanced to second on play, Clayton to third on error by second baseman Durham. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Glaus walked, Gonzalez to second. Clark hit sacrifice fly to center, Clayton scored, Gonzalez to third. Green grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gonzalez out at home, Glaus to second. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Linden hit for Christiansen. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellison reached on infield single to third. Linden struck out looking, Ellison stole second. Sanchez flied out to left. Vizquel singled to center, Ellison scored. Munter pitching for Giants. Linden in right field. McCracken hit for Snyder. Niekro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vizquel out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Tracy hit for Webb. Munter pitching for Giants. McCracken grounded out to pitcher. Tracy singled to left. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Stinnett catching. Counsell grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tracy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Alou singled to left. Feliz popped out to shortstop. Durham singled to center, Alou to second. Matheny lined out to shortstop. Ellison fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Eyre pitching for Giants. Clayton struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Glaus walked. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark grounded into fielder's choice to third, Glaus out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Tucker hit for Eyre. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Linden singled to right. Tucker singled to right, Linden scored. Vizquel sacrificed to third, Tucker to second. Niekro struck out swinging. Walker pitching for Giants. Alou flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Walker pitching for Giants. Green singled to right. Cintron hit for Valverde. Cruz walked, Green to second. Cintron struck out swinging. Stinnett flied out to center, Green to third. Counsell fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 4 - Diamondbacks 2.	Giants top D-Backs, finally string together victories