Tigers - Top 1st . Baker pitching for Twins . Granderson flied out to center . Inge popped out to first . Rodriguez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop . Mauer walked , Castillo to second . Hunter doubled to left , Castillo and Mauer scored , Hunter to third on error by left fielder Monroe . Cuddyer lined out to third . Morneau walked . Batista grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 2nd . Baker pitching for Twins . Ordonez singled to right . Guillen doubled to left , Ordonez scored . Shelton fouled out to third . Monroe struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . White lined out to left . Castro struck out swinging . Stewart popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Baker pitching for Twins . Infante doubled to deep right center . Granderson grounded out to second , Infante to third . Inge flied out to right . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Castillo flied out to left . Mauer singled to center . Hunter singled to left center , Mauer to second . Cuddyer singled to left , Mauer scored , Hunter to second , Hunter to third , Cuddyer to second advancing on throw . Morneau intentionally walked . Batista grounded into double play , third to second to first , Morneau out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Baker pitching for Twins . Ordonez homered to left . Guillen popped out to shortstop . Shelton struck out swinging . Monroe fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . White singled to center . Castro singled to center , White to third . Stewart grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , White scored , Castro out at second . Castillo flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Baker pitching for Twins . Young hit ground rule double to deep center . Infante lined out to second . Granderson homered to left , Young scored . Inge struck out swinging . Rodriguez safe at first on error by shortstop Castro . Ordonez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Mauer flied out to left . Hunter singled to left . Hunter caught stealing second , pitcher to second . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Baker pitching for Twins . Guillen doubled to deep right . Shelton struck out looking . Guillen caught stealing third , catcher to third . Monroe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Morneau struck out swinging . Batista singled to left . Liriano pitching for Twins . White grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Batista out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Young doubled to deep right . Infante struck out looking . Granderson grounded out to second , Young to third . Inge singled to left , Young scored . Crain pitching for Twins . Rodriguez doubled to center , Inge scored . Ordonez flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Castro bunt grounded out to pitcher . Stewart reached on infield single to third . Walker pitching for Tigers . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stewart out at second . Castillo to second on wild pitch by Walker . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Mauer doubled to deep left , Castillo scored . Hunter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Crain pitching for Twins . Guillen struck out swinging . Shelton struck out swinging . Monroe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Cuddyer grounded out to third . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . Rincon pitching for Twins . Batista popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Young grounded out to shortstop . Infante struck out swinging . Jones pitching for Tigers . Granderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez hit for Castro . Jones pitching for Tigers . White grounded out to second . Punto ran for Rodriguez . Rodriguez walked . Punto to second on wild pitch by Jones . Stewart tripled to deep right , Punto scored . Castillo singled to left , Stewart scored . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 6 - Twins 7 .	Ninth - inning rally lifts Twins over red - hot Tigers