Twins - Top 1st . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Ford struck out swinging . Castillo lined out to third . Redmond singled to center . Hunter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Radke pitching for Twins . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco homered to left . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez reached on infield single to third , Ordonez to second on throwing error by third baseman Punto . Guillen singled to right , Ordonez scored , Guillen to second advancing on throw . Shelton grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 2nd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Cuddyer walked . Morneau struck out looking . White hit sacrifice fly to right , Cuddyer scored . Punto singled to center . Castro grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Radke pitching for Twins . Thames walked . Monroe flied out to center . Inge homered to left , Thames scored . Granderson singled to center . Polanco grounded out to , Granderson out at second , Polanco to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Ford singled to left . Castillo flied out to center . Redmond singled to center , Ford to third . Hunter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Redmond out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Radke pitching for Twins . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez flied out to right . Guillen singled to shallow left . Shelton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Cuddyer fouled out to first . Morneau struck out swinging . White grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Radke pitching for Twins . Thames struck out swinging . Monroe struck out swinging . Inge walked . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Punto struck out looking . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Ford grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Radke pitching for Twins . Polanco reached on infield single to second , Polanco to second on throwing error by second baseman Castillo . Rodriguez singled to right , Polanco to third . Ordonez grounded into double play , third to shortstop , Polanco out at home , Rodriguez out at second , Ordonez to second . Guillen intentionally walked . Shelton safe at first on error by first baseman Morneau , Ordonez scored , Guillen to third . Thames struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Redmond flied out to left . Hunter singled to right . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to , Hunter to first , Cuddyer to first on error by shortstop Guillen . Morneau batting . White batting . Punto batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Monroe grounded out to third . Inge flied out to center . Granderson singled to right . Polanco reached on infield single to third , Granderson to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Castro struck out swinging . Ford singled to center . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ford out at second . Silva pitching for Twins . Redmond grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Silva pitching for Twins . Ordonez walked . Guillen doubled to deep right , Ordonez to third . Shelton lined out to right , Ordonez thrown out at home , Guillen to third . Thames walked . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Monroe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thames out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Hunter walked . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Morneau struck out swinging . Rincon pitching for Twins . White fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Inge fouled out to first . Granderson singled to center . Jones pitching for Tigers . Polanco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Granderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Mauer hit for Castro . Jones pitching for Tigers . Punto grounded out to first . Mauer flied out to left . Ford doubled to deep left . Castillo singled to right , Ford to third . Castillo to second on fielder 's indifference . Rodriguez ran for Redmond . Redmond singled to right , Ford scored , Castillo to third . Hunter flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 3 - Tigers 5 .	Tigers top struggling Twins , run win streak to seven