Twins - Top 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Brewers . Ford singled to right . Castillo walked , Ford to second . Mauer singled to deep center , Ford scored , Castillo to third . Hunter singled to left , Castillo scored , Mauer to second . Cuddyer singled to left , Mauer scored , Hunter to third , Cuddyer to second on error by left fielder Lee . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Morneau doubled to deep center , Hunter and Cuddyer scored . Batista grounded out to pitcher , Morneau to third . Castro hit sacrifice fly to center , Morneau scored . Baker struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Baker pitching for Twins . Weeks reached on infield single to second . Clark lined out to center . Jenkins homered to right , Weeks scored . Lee struck out swinging . Fielder struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Ford flied out to right . Castillo walked . Mauer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castillo out at second . Hunter safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Hall , Mauer to third . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Baker pitching for Twins . Hall struck out looking . Koskie popped out to first . Moeller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Morneau flied out to center . Batista lined out to left . Castro walked . Baker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Baker pitching for Twins . De La Rosa flied out to left . Weeks struck out swinging . Clark hit by pitch . Jenkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Brewers . Ford hit by pitch . Ford stole second . Castillo lined out to shortstop . Ford stole third . Lehr pitching for Brewers . Mauer walked . Hunter walked , Mauer to second . Cuddyer tripled to deep center , Ford , Mauer and Hunter scored . Morneau singled to right , Cuddyer scored . Batista struck out looking . Castro tripled to deep right , Morneau scored . Baker struck out looking . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Baker pitching for Twins . Lee popped out to second . Fielder singled to center . Hall homered to right , Fielder scored . Koskie struck out swinging . Gross hit for Lehr . Moeller walked . De maria pitching for Brewers . Gross flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Demaria pitching for Brewers . Ford flied out to center . Castillo struck out looking . Mauer homered to center . Hunter flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Baker pitching for Twins . Weeks singled to left . Clark singled to right center , Weeks to second . Jenkins lined into double play , first to shortstop , Weeks doubled off second . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Demaria pitching for Brewers . Cuddyer walked . Morneau walked , Cuddyer to second . Batista flied out to right , Cuddyer to third . Rodriguez hit for Baker . Castro flied out to right . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Rodriguez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Fielder grounded out to second . Hall walked . Shouse pitching for Brewers . Hart in left field . Koskie grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hall out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Shouse pitching for Brewers . Ford grounded out to third . Castillo singled to center . Mauer singled to right , Castillo to second . Hunter walked , Castillo to third , Mauer to second . Cuddyer walked , Castillo scored , Mauer to third , Hunter to second . Eyre pitching for Twins . Morneau grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cuddyer out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Eyre pitching for Twins . Moeller singled to deep right , Moeller out stretching at second . Hart singled to shallow left . Weeks struck out swinging . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Clark popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Batista walked . Castro struck out looking . Eyre struck out looking . Ford walked , Batista to second . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop , Batista to third , Ford to second . Mauer hit ground rule double to deep left center , Batista and Ford scored , Castillo to third . Hunter flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Cirillo hit for Kolb . Eyre pitching for Twins . Jenkins singled to deep center . Cirillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jenkins out at second . Fielder popped out to shortstop . Hall doubled to left , Cirillo to third . Koskie homered to right , Cirillo and Hall scored . Cirillo at first base . Capellan pitching for Brewers . Moeller grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Capellan pitching for Brewers . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Morneau doubled to deep left . Batista reached on infield single to shortstop , Morneau scored , Batista to second on throwing error by shortstop Hall . White hit for Eyre . Castro lined out to right . Reyes pitching for Twins . White popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Reyes pitching for Twins . Hart flied out to center . Weeks homered to center . Clark walked . Jenkins flied out to left . Miller hit for Capellan . Cirillo singled to right , Clark to second . Miller walked , Clark to third , Cirillo to second . Hall safe at first on error by shortstop Castro , Clark and Cirillo scored , Miller to second . Koskie grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Twins 16 - Brewers 10 .	Cuddyer 's five - RBI night helps Twins rout Brewers