Dodgers - Top 1st . Liriano pitching for Twins . Furcal singled to right . Izturis struck out looking . Garciaparra flied out to center . Kent struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Castillo lined out to shortstop . Punto grounded out to first . Mauer singled to center . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Liriano pitching for Twins . Drew grounded out to first . Saenz struck out swinging . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Morneau singled to center . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morneau out at second . Kubel singled to right , Hunter to second . Sierra walked , Hunter to third , Kubel to second . Bartlett hit by pitch , Hunter scored , Kubel to third , Sierra to second . Castillo singled to center , Kubel and Sierra scored , Bartlett to second . Punto tripled to deep center , Bartlett and Castillo scored . Mauer singled to right , Punto scored . Cuddyer grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mauer out at second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Liriano pitching for Twins . Cruz Jr flied out to left . Martin grounded out to third . Furcal grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Morneau struck out swinging . Hunter safe at first on error by third baseman Izturis . Kubel struck out looking . Sierra lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 4th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Garciaparra homered to center . Kent lined out to center . Drew struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Bartlett singled to left . Castillo flied out to center . Punto struck out swinging . Mauer singled to left , Bartlett to third . Cuddyer walked , Mauer to second . Morneau flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Saenz struck out swinging . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . Cruz Jr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Hunter singled to right . Kubel grounded out to first , Hunter to second . Sierra flied out to left , Hunter to third . Bartlett reached on infield single to shortstop , Hunter scored , Bartlett to second on throwing error by shortstop Furcal . Castillo grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 6th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Martin singled to center . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martin out at second . Izturis grounded out to shortstop , Furcal to second . Garciaparra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Punto singled to left . Mauer singled to left , Punto to second . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Cuddyer grounded out to pitcher , Punto to third , Mauer to second . Morneau hit sacrifice fly to left , Punto scored , Mauer to third . Hunter doubled to deep right , Mauer scored . Kubel walked . Ford in center field . Sierra grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hunter out at third , Kubel to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Kent homered to left . Drew reached on infield single to second . Saenz flied out to center . Kemp struck out swinging . Cruz Jr safe at first on error by first baseman Morneau , Drew to second . Martinez at second base . Ethier in left field . Cruz Jr in right field . Martin grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 7th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Bartlett grounded out to third . Castillo grounded out to first . Lohse pitching for Twins . Punto lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Furcal singled to left center . Izturis safe at first on error by third baseman Punto , Furcal to second . Garciaparra popped out to third . Martinez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Izturis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 8th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Mauer singled to center . Cuddyer flied out to right . Mauer to second on wild pitch by Beimel . Morneau struck out swinging . Ford reached on infield single to shortstop , Mauer to third . Kubel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Ethier grounded out to first . Saenz grounded out to shortstop . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 2 - Twins 9 .	Tower of Mauer : Five hits in win raises average to .389