Twins - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Castillo doubled to deep left . Punto struck out swinging . Mauer singled to center , Castillo scored . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Morneau grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Silva pitching for Twins . Sizemore doubled to deep right center . Michaels flied out to right . Hafner singled to center , Sizemore scored . Martinez doubled to deep right center , Hafner thrown out at home . Broussard lined out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . White grounded out to second . Rabe walked . Tyner singled to center , Rabe to third . Bartlett grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Tyner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Silva pitching for Twins . Blake walked . Peralta singled to left , Blake to second . Inglett sacrificed to pitcher , Blake to third , Peralta to second . Boone flied out to left . Sizemore intentionally walked . Michaels flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Castillo lined out to shortstop . Punto struck out looking . Mauer doubled to right center . Cuddyer popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Silva pitching for Twins . Hafner struck out swinging . Martinez singled to right center . Broussard safe at first on error by shortstop Bartlett , Martinez to second . Blake singled to right , Martinez to third , Broussard to second . Peralta hit sacrifice fly to center , Martinez scored . Inglett flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Morneau walked . White hit by pitch , Morneau to second . Rabe singled to right , Morneau to third , White to second . Tyner safe at first on error by third baseman Boone , Morneau scored , White to third , Rabe to second . Bartlett hit sacrifice fly to right , White scored , Rabe to third , Tyner to second . Castillo struck out swinging . Punto walked . Mauer walked , Rabe scored , Tyner to third , Punto to second . Davis pitching for Indians . Cleveland 's Sabathia ejected by Guccione in the 4th . Morneau walked . White doubled to deep left , Cuddyer scored , Morneau to third . Rabe reached on infield single to third , Morneau scored , White to third . Tyner grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rabe out at second . 8 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Silva pitching for Twins . Boone grounded out to shortstop . Sizemore singled to right . Michaels doubled to deep center , Sizemore scored . Hafner lined out to second . Martinez doubled to deep left center , Michaels scored . Broussard grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Davis pitching for Indians . Bartlett grounded out to third . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Punto singled to center . Mauer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Silva pitching for Twins . Blake reached on infield single to second . Peralta singled to center , Blake to second . Inglett singled to left , Blake to third , Peralta to second . Boone lined out to shortstop . Lohse pitching for Twins . Sizemore singled to right , Blake scored , Peralta to third , Inglett to second . Reyes pitching for Twins . Michaels hit sacrifice fly to center , Peralta scored . Hafner flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Davis pitching for Indians . Cuddyer singled to right . Mujica pitching for Indians . Morneau singled to right , Cuddyer to second . White singled to left , Cuddyer scored , Morneau to second . Rabe struck out swinging . Tyner reached on infield single to pitcher , Morneau to third , White to second . Bartlett singled to right center , Morneau scored , White to third , Tyner to second . Castillo grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Reyes pitching for Twins . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . Crain pitching for Twins . Broussard walked . Broussard to second on wild pitch by Crain . Blake grounded out to third . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Mujica pitching for Indians . Punto struck out looking . Mauer flied out to right . Cuddyer singled to center . Morneau doubled to deep right , Cuddyer to third . Sikorski pitching for Indians . White singled to center , Cuddyer and Morneau scored . Rabe struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Crain pitching for Twins . Inglett flied out to right . Boone doubled to deep left . Sizemore struck out swinging . Michaels lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Sikorski pitching for Indians . Tyner grounded out to second . Bartlett walked . Castillo flied out to left . Punto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Crain pitching for Twins . Hafner struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to first . Broussard singled to center . Blake singled to left center , Broussard to second . Neshek pitching for Twins . Peralta walked , Broussard to third , Blake to second . Mota pitching for Indians . Inglett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Mota pitching for Indians . Mauer tripled to center . Cuddyer hit sacrifice fly to right , Mauer scored . Morneau flied out to left . White singled to left . Rabe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , White out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Neshek pitching for Twins . Boone grounded out to second . Sizemore walked . Michaels struck out swinging . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 14 - Indians 6 .	Twins run win streak to eight against Indians