Athletics - Top 1st . Silva pitching for Twins . Kendall grounded out to third . Swisher flied out to left . Bradley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Castillo walked . Punto popped out to shortstop . Castillo stole second . Mauer struck out swinging . Cuddyer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Silva pitching for Twins . Thomas struck out swinging . Chavez grounded out to third . Payton doubled to deep right center . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Morneau grounded out to first . Hunter singled to center . Hunter stole second . White singled to center , Hunter thrown out at home , Hunter to third advancing on play . Tyner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Silva pitching for Twins . Scutaro lined out to first . Ellis singled to center . Kendall flied out to right . Swisher popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Bartlett grounded out to third . Castillo grounded out to third . Punto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Silva pitching for Twins . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . Thomas homered to center . Chavez doubled to deep right center . Payton grounded out to shortstop , Chavez to third . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Mauer reached on infield single to shortstop . Cuddyer homered to left , Mauer scored . Morneau singled to right center . Hunter flied out to left . White singled to center , Morneau to second . Tyner grounded out to second , Morneau to third , White to second . Bartlett safe at first on error by third baseman Chavez , Morneau scored , White to third . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Silva pitching for Twins . Scutaro grounded out to first . Ellis grounded out to third . Kendall grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Punto reached on infield single to second , Punto to second on throwing error by second baseman Ellis . Mauer walked . Cuddyer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mauer out at second , Punto to third . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 6th . Silva pitching for Twins . Swisher flied out to center . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . Thomas lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Hunter homered to right center . White popped out to second . Tyner walked . Halsey pitching for Athletics . Bartlett singled to right , Tyner to third . Castillo flied out to right , Bartlett to second . Punto singled to right , Tyner and Bartlett scored . Punto stole second . Ford in left field . Mauer flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Silva pitching for Twins . Chavez walked . Payton singled to left , Chavez to second . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Payton out at second , Chavez to third . Scutaro flied out to center . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Ellis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Morneau singled to shallow right . Hunter popped out to second . Ford singled to left , Morneau to second . Reyes pitching for Twins . Tyner flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Reyes pitching for Twins . Kendall singled to right . Swisher struck out swinging . Crain pitching for Twins . Bradley walked , Kendall to second . Thomas singled to right , Kendall to third , Bradley to second . Chavez hit sacrifice fly to right , Kendall scored . Payton safe at first on error by first baseman Morneau , Bradley to third , Thomas to second . Bocachica ran for Johnson . Nathan pitching for Twins . Johnson walked , Bradley scored , Thomas to third , Payton to second . Swisher at first base . Bocachica in left field . Scutaro popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 8th . Sauerbeck pitching for Athletics . Bartlett reached on infield single to shortstop . Castillo flied out to left . Punto safe at second on error by center fielder Payton , Bartlett to third . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Mauer hit by pitch . Cuddyer doubled to left , Bartlett and Punto scored , Mauer to third . Morneau intentionally walked . Hunter grounded out to shortstop , Mauer scored , Cuddyer to third , Morneau to second . Ford struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Ellis walked . Ellis to second on fielder 's indifference . Kendall walked . Swisher walked , Ellis to third , Kendall to second . Bradley hit sacrifice fly to left , Ellis scored . Thomas struck out looking . Chavez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 4 - Twins 9 .	Twins overcome Hurt 's power , gain ground in Central