Athletics - Top 1st . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Kendall singled to center . Ellis singled to left , Kendall to second . Bradley struck out swinging . Kendall to third , Ellis to second on wild pitch by Guerrier . Thomas fouled out to catcher . Chavez tripled to deep center , Kendall and Ellis scored . Payton flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Castillo struck out looking . Punto grounded out to second . Mauer walked . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mauer out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Swisher struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to first . Scutaro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Morneau doubled to deep center . Hunter singled to center , Morneau to third . White lined out to left , Morneau thrown out at home . Hunter stole second . Tyner singled to right center , Hunter scored . Bartlett walked , Tyner to second . Castillo singled to left , Tyner scored , Bartlett to third . Castillo caught stealing second , catcher to second to first . Punto batting . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Kendall flied out to center . Ellis fouled out to catcher . Bradley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Punto flied out to left . Mauer grounded out to first . Cuddyer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Thomas lined out to shortstop . Chavez homered to left center . Payton popped out to third . Swisher struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Morneau struck out looking . Hunter lined out to right . White doubled to deep left . Tyner singled to left center , White scored . Eyre pitching for Twins . Bartlett grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Eyre pitching for Twins . Johnson homered to right center . Scutaro grounded out to second . Kendall walked . Kendall to second on wild pitch by Eyre . Ellis walked . Neshek pitching for Twins . Bradley walked , Kendall to third , Ellis to second . Thomas lined out to third . Chavez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Castillo singled to left center . Punto grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castillo out at second . Mauer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Punto out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Neshek pitching for Twins . Payton reached on bunt single to pitcher . Swisher flied out to left , Payton to second . Johnson flied out to center . Scutaro singled to left , Payton scored . Crain pitching for Twins . Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop , Scutaro to second . Ellis grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Cuddyer flied out to left . Calero pitching for Athletics . Morneau singled to right center . Hunter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Morneau out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Crain pitching for Twins . Bradley singled to left . Thomas grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bradley out at second . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Chavez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . White lined out to shortstop . Tyner singled to left . Bartlett singled to right , Tyner to second . Reyes pitching for Twins . Castillo grounded into double play , third to first , Tyner out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Reyes pitching for Twins . Payton grounded out to second . Swisher singled to center . Johnson struck out looking . Scutaro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Punto singled to center . Punto to second on wild pitch by Kennedy . Mauer walked . Cuddyer hit ground rule double to deep center , Punto scored , Mauer to third . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Morneau doubled to deep left center , Mauer and Cuddyer scored . Hunter grounded out to shortstop , Morneau to third . White struck out swinging . Tyner struck out swinging , Tyner safe at first on wild pitch by Duchscherer , Morneau scored . Ford in left field . Nathan pitching for Twins . Bartlett lined out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Kendall struck out looking . Ellis grounded out to third . Bradley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 5 - Twins 7 .	Twins win fifth straight , sink A 's with 4 - run eighth