Royals - Top 1st . Santana pitching for Twins . DeJesus singled to center . Keppinger sacrificed to pitcher , DeJesus to second . German grounded out to shortstop . Sweeney flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Perez pitching for Royals . Castillo grounded out to second . Punto grounded out to shortstop . Redmond singled to center . Cuddyer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Santana pitching for Twins . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Berroa struck out swinging . Phillips singled to right center . Gathright grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Phillips out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Perez pitching for Royals . Morneau lined out to shortstop . Hunter grounded out to second . Nevin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Santana pitching for Twins . Sanchez singled to center . DeJesus hit ground rule double to deep left center , Sanchez to third . Keppinger struck out swinging . German singled to center , Sanchez and DeJesus scored . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop , German to second . Brown flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Perez pitching for Royals . Ford homered to left . Bartlett grounded out to shortstop . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Punto reached on infield single to second . Redmond grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Twins . Berroa grounded out to third . Phillips struck out swinging . Gathright grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Perez pitching for Royals . Cuddyer grounded out to third . Morneau grounded out to first . Hunter lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Santana pitching for Twins . Sanchez batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Perez pitching for Royals . Nevin walked . Ford grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Nevin out at second . Bartlett singled to left , Ford to second . Castillo grounded out to second , Ford to third , Bartlett to second . Punto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Santana pitching for Twins . German struck out swinging . Sweeney grounded out to pitcher . Brown tripled to deep right . Berroa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Perez pitching for Royals . Redmond singled to center . Cuddyer singled to left , Redmond to second . Morneau singled to center , Redmond to third , Cuddyer to second . Hunter hit sacrifice fly to center , Redmond scored , Cuddyer to third , Morneau to second . Nevin intentionally walked . Ford flied out to left . Bartlett lined out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Santana pitching for Twins . Phillips flied out to left . Gathright grounded out to pitcher . Sanchez singled to center . Peralta pitching for Royals . DeJesus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Castillo struck out swinging . Punto flied out to left . Redmond reached on infield single to first . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Redmond out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Santana pitching for Twins . Keppinger grounded out to third . German flied out to right . Sweeney grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Morneau reached on infield single to first . Rodriguez hit for Nevin . Hunter singled to left , Morneau to second . Morneau to third , Hunter to second on passed ball by Phillips . Morneau out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice , Hunter to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to center , Hunter scored . Ford reached on infield single to shortstop . Nathan pitching for Twins . Bartlett struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Brown walked . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Brown safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Nathan . Costa hit for Gathright . Phillips sacrificed to pitcher , Brown to third , Berroa to second . Costa intentionally walked . Sanchez struck out swinging . DeJesus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 2 - Twins 3 .	Santana 's 19th win keeps Twins on tail of Tigers