Angels - Top 1st. Bailey pitching for Royals. Calhoun grounded out to third. Trout singled to left. Goodwin singled to right center, Trout to second. Simmons singled to left, Goodwin to second, Trout to third. Pujols doubled to left, Trout scored and Goodwin scored, Simmons to third. La Stella grounded out to second, Simmons scored, Pujols to third. Lucroy grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Harvey pitching for Angels. Merrifield lined out to right. Mondesi struck out swinging. Gordon doubled to deep center. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Bailey pitching for Royals. Bour fouled out to third. Rengifo grounded out to shortstop. Calhoun struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Harvey pitching for Angels. O'Hearn flied out to center. Soler grounded out to shortstop. Gutiérrez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Bailey pitching for Royals. Trout singled to center. Goodwin flied out to right, Trout to second. Trout stole third. Simmons singled to right, Trout scored. Pujols struck out swinging. Simmons caught stealing second, catcher to third. Homer Bailey pitches to Tommy La Stella. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Harvey pitching for Angels. Owings grounded out to shortstop. Gallagher walked. Merrifield grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gallagher out at second. Mondesi flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Bailey pitching for Royals. La Stella grounded out to third. Lucroy flied out to left. Bour struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Harvey pitching for Angels. Matt Harvey pitches to Alex Gordon. Dozier walked, Gordon to second. O'Hearn lined out to right, Gordon to third. Soler hit sacrifice fly to center, Gordon scored. Gutiérrez struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Bailey pitching for Royals. Rengifo grounded out to first. Calhoun flied out to right. Trout flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Harvey pitching for Angels. Owings grounded out to second. Gallagher grounded out to pitcher. Merrifield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Bailey pitching for Royals. Goodwin lined out to center. Simmons flied out to left. Pujols grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Harvey pitching for Angels. Mondesi grounded out to pitcher. Gordon walked. Dozier fouled out to right. O'Hearn lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Lovelady pitching for Royals. La Stella hit by pitch. Lucroy walked, La Stella to second. Lucroy to second on wild pitch by Lovelady, La Stella to third on wild pitch by Lovelady. Bour grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lucroy out at third in rundown. Rengifo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Harvey pitching for Angels. Soler struck out swinging. Gutiérrez singled to center. Owings lined out to right. Gallagher grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Lovelady pitching for Royals. Calhoun safe at first on error by pitcher Lovelady. Trout grounded into double play, second to first, Calhoun out at second. Goodwin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Bourjos in left field. Fletcher at third base. Buttrey pitching for Angels. Merrifield singled to right. Mondesi struck out swinging. Gordon hit by pitch, Merrifield to second. Dozier singled to center, Merrifield scored, Gordon to second. O'Hearn struck out swinging. Soler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dozier out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Lively pitching for Royals. Simmons flied out to center. Pujols singled to center. Fletcher singled to center, Pujols to second. Smith ran for Pujols. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop, Fletcher to second, Smith to third. Bour homered to right (401 feet), Smith scored and Fletcher scored. Rengifo struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Smith as designated hitter. Robles pitching for Angels. Gutiérrez singled to center. Owings singled to right, Gutiérrez to second. Gallagher flied out to right. Merrifield lined out to center, Gutiérrez to third. Owings to second on fielder's indifference. Owings to second on fielder's indifference. Gutiérrez scored on Robles wild pitch, Owings to third on wild pitch by Robles. Mondesi walked. Mondesi to second on fielder's indifference. Gordon grounded out to second. Mondesi to second on fielder's indifference. Gordon grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 7 - Royals 3.	Pujols passes Bonds for 3rd in RBIs as Angels top Royals 7-3