Royals - Top 1st. McHugh pitching for Astros. Merrifield flied out to left. Mondesi struck out swinging. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Duffy pitching for Royals. Springer hit by pitch. Altuve grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Springer out at second. Bregman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. McHugh pitching for Astros. Dozier grounded out to third. Soler homered to center (435 feet). O'Hearn struck out swinging. Owings doubled to deep left center. Maldonado walked. Hamilton flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Brantley doubled to deep left. Correa struck out looking. White struck out swinging. Díaz walked. Chirinos walked, Díaz to second, Brantley to third. Marisnick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Chirinos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. McHugh pitching for Astros. Merrifield tripled to deep left center. Mondesi doubled to left, Merrifield scored. Gordon walked. Dozier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gordon out at second, Mondesi to third. Soler walked, Dozier to second. O'Hearn homered to right (373 feet), Mondesi scored, Dozier scored and Soler scored. Owings grounded out to third. Maldonado grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Springer walked. Altuve grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Springer out at second. Bregman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Hamilton doubled to right. Merrifield singled to right center, Hamilton scored. Devenski pitching for Astros. Mondesi flied out to left. Gordon struck out swinging, Merrifield stole second. Dozier tripled to deep right center, Merrifield scored. Soler flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. Correa lined out to left. White struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Devenski pitching for Astros. O'Hearn lined out to center. Owings lined out to right. Maldonado fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Díaz grounded out to shortstop. Chirinos struck out swinging. Marisnick doubled to deep left. Springer popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Hamilton lined out to left. Merrifield singled to center. Mondesi singled to right, Merrifield to third. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mondesi to second, Merrifield out at home in rundown. Dozier flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Altuve popped out to shortstop. Bregman homered to left center (398 feet). Brantley singled to left. Correa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Brantley out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Valdez pitching for Astros. Soler singled to left. O'Hearn grounded into fielder's choice to third, Soler out at second. Owings hit by pitch, O'Hearn to second. Maldonado singled to right, Owings to second, O'Hearn to third. Hamilton popped out to shortstop. Merrifield homered to left (382 feet), O'Hearn scored, Owings scored and Maldonado scored. Mondesi grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Duffy pitching for Royals. White grounded out to catcher. Díaz singled to left. Chirinos singled to left, Díaz to third. Marisnick struck out swinging. Sparkman pitching for Royals. Springer singled to center, Díaz scored, Chirinos to second. Springer to second on wild pitch by Sparkman, Chirinos to third on wild pitch by Sparkman. Altuve grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Stassi at first base. Kemp in left field. Díaz at third base. Valdez pitching for Astros. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Soler lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Sparkman pitching for Royals. Stassi flied out to right. Kemp struck out swinging. Correa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Tyler White pitching for Astros. O'Hearn walked. Owings struck out looking. Maldonado flied out to right. Hamilton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Sparkman pitching for Royals. White flied out to right. Díaz grounded out to shortstop. Chirinos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 12 - Astros 2.	O'Hearn, Merrifield hit grand slams; Royals rout Astros 12-2