Rangers - Top 1st. Duffy pitching for Royals. Choo struck out looking. Andrus grounded out to third. Pence struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Rangers. Merrifield doubled to left. Lopez flied out to left, Merrifield to third. Mondesi struck out looking. Gordon doubled to left, Merrifield scored. Dozier doubled to shallow right, Gordon scored. Soler singled to right, Dozier scored. O'Hearn flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Gallo grounded out to second. Cabrera flied out to left. Mazara struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Rangers. Maldonado walked. Hamilton walked, Maldonado to second. Merrifield singled to shallow left, Hamilton to second, Maldonado to third. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Merrifield to second, Hamilton to third, Maldonado out at home. Mondesi singled to right, Hamilton scored, Lopez to second, Merrifield to third. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Merrifield scored, Mondesi out at second, Lopez to third. Gordon stole second. Dozier singled to right, Lopez scored and Gordon scored, Dozier to second. Huang pitching for Rangers. Soler doubled to shallow left, Dozier scored. O'Hearn doubled to deep center, Soler scored. Maldonado walked. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Maldonado out at second. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Odor doubled to deep right center. Forsythe doubled to right center, Odor scored. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to second, Forsythe to third. Choo walked. Andrus singled to left, Forsythe scored, Choo to second. Pence struck out swinging. Gallo doubled to left center, Andrus scored and Choo scored. Cabrera lined out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Huang pitching for Rangers. Merrifield hit by pitch. Merrifield caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Lopez walked. Lopez to second on wild pitch by Huang. Mondesi struck out swinging. Lopez to third on wild pitch by Huang. Gordon popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Mazara reached on infield single to first. Odor struck out swinging. Forsythe doubled to left, Mazara to third. Kiner-Falefa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kiner-Falefa to second, Forsythe to third, Mazara out at home. Choo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Dowdy pitching for Rangers. Dozier grounded out to second. Soler grounded out to third. O'Hearn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Andrus lined out to right. Pence popped out to second. Gallo doubled to right. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Dowdy pitching for Rangers. Maldonado hit by pitch. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Maldonado out at second. Hamilton to second on wild pitch by Dowdy. Merrifield struck out swinging. Lopez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Lovelady pitching for Royals. Mazara singled to center. Odor doubled to right, Mazara to third. Barlow pitching for Royals. Forsythe fouled out to first. Kiner-Falefa lined out to shortstop. Choo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Dowdy pitching for Rangers. Mondesi popped out to shortstop. Gordon singled to center. Jurado pitching for Rangers. Dozier flied out to right. Soler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Barlow pitching for Royals. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Pence lined out to right. Gallo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Guzmán at first base. Forsythe at shortstop. Jurado pitching for Rangers. O'Hearn grounded out to first. Maldonado grounded out to second. Hamilton reached on infield single to shortstop. Merrifield doubled to left, Hamilton scored. Lopez singled to left, Merrifield scored. Mondesi grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Diekman pitching for Royals. Cabrera struck out swinging. Mazara struck out looking. Odor walked. Forsythe tripled to deep right, Odor scored. Kiner-Falefa struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Jurado pitching for Rangers. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Dozier flied out to center. Soler doubled to left. Martin pitching for Rangers. O'Hearn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Boxberger pitching for Royals. Choo lined out to second. Guzmán struck out swinging. Pence grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 5 - Royals 11.	Royals score early, blow out Rangers 11-5 in series opener