Royals - Top 1st. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Lopez grounded out to second. Merrifield singled to center. Mondesi grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Merrifield out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Sparkman pitching for Royals. García singled to left. Moncada homered to left (360 feet), García scored. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Alonso flied out to right. McCann popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Gordon singled to right. Gordon to second on wild pitch by López. Dozier singled to left, Gordon to third. Soler singled to left, Gordon scored, Dozier to second. O'Hearn flied out to left. Maldonado popped out to second. Hamilton walked, Soler to second, Dozier to third. Lopez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Sparkman pitching for Royals. Jiménez singled to right. Anderson hit by pitch, Jiménez to second. López pitching for Royals. Sánchez singled to right, Jiménez scored, Anderson to third. Tilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Anderson scored, Sánchez out at second. García singled to left, Tilson to third. Moncada struck out looking. Abreu homered to right (374 feet), Tilson scored and García scored. Alonso struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Merrifield struck out swinging. Mondesi struck out swinging. Gordon lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Lopez pitching for Royals. McCann walked. Jiménez flied out to right. Anderson grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, McCann out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Dozier grounded out to third. Soler flied out to center. O'Hearn reached on infield single to shortstop. Maldonado singled to center, O'Hearn to second. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Maldonado out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for Royals. Sánchez singled to left. Tilson lined out to center. García singled to right, Sánchez to second. García to second on wild pitch by López, Sánchez to third on wild pitch by López. Moncada struck out swinging. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Lopez lined out to left. Merrifield doubled to left. Mondesi lined out to center. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Lopez pitching for Royals. Alonso struck out swinging. McCann struck out looking. Jiménez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Lopez pitching for White Sox. Dozier doubled to left. Soler homered to left (366 feet), Dozier scored. O'Hearn walked. Maldonado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, O'Hearn out at second. Hamilton singled to right. Lopez tripled to deep right center, Hamilton scored. Merrifield singled to right center, Lopez scored. Fry pitching for White Sox. Mondesi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Merrifield out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Lopez pitching for Royals. Anderson flied out to center. Sánchez grounded out to second. Tilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Fry pitching for White Sox. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Marshall pitching for White Sox. Dozier lined out to shortstop. Soler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Boxberger pitching for Royals. García grounded out to first. Moncada grounded out to first. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Herrera pitching for White Sox. O'Hearn grounded out to second. Maldonado walked. Gore ran for Maldonado. Hamilton reached on bunt single to catcher, Gore to second. Hamilton stole second, Gore stole third. Lopez singled to left, Gore scored and Hamilton scored, Lopez thrown out at second. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Gallagher catching. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Alonso flied out to left. McCann doubled to deep right center. Jiménez grounded out to third. Anderson doubled to left, McCann scored. Sánchez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Colomé pitching for White Sox. Mondesi struck out swinging. Gordon singled to right center. Dozier lined out to center. Soler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 7 - White Sox 8.	Anderson shakes off beaning, leads Chisox over Royals 8-7