Indians - Top 1st. Bailey pitching for Royals. Lindor lined out to center. Mercado flied out to left. Santana walked. Kipnis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Plesac pitching for Indians. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. Mondesi grounded out to shortstop. Gordon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Bailey pitching for Royals. Ramírez homered to right (350 feet). Bauers grounded out to first. Plawecki singled to center. Bradley struck out swinging, Plawecki caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Plesac pitching for Indians. Dozier safe at first on error by first baseman Bradley. Soler flied out to right. Cuthbert grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dozier out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 3rd. Bailey pitching for Royals. Naquin lined out to shortstop. Lindor grounded out to second. Mercado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Plesac pitching for Indians. Lopez struck out swinging. Gallagher singled to deep right. Gore walked, Gallagher to second. Merrifield reached on infield single to pitcher, Gallagher scored, Gore to third. Mondesi sacrificed to pitcher, Gore scored, Mondesi to first, Merrifield to second. Gordon lined out to first. Dozier walked, Mondesi to second, Merrifield to third. Soler walked, Merrifield scored, Dozier to second, Mondesi to third. Cole pitching for Indians. Cuthbert struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Bailey pitching for Royals. Santana singled to right. Kipnis flied out to left. Ramírez struck out swinging. Bauers flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Cole pitching for Indians. Lopez lined out to left. Gallagher flied out to center. Gore doubled to right. Merrifield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Bailey pitching for Royals. Plawecki flied out to center. Bradley doubled to deep center. Bradley to third on wild pitch by Bailey. Naquin walked. Lindor singled to right, Bradley scored, Naquin to third. Mercado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lindor out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Clippard pitching for Indians. Mondesi popped out to shortstop. Gordon flied out to center. Dozier struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Bailey pitching for Royals. Santana doubled to center. Hill pitching for Royals. Kipnis grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez grounded out to third. Bauers struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Clippard pitching for Indians. Soler grounded out to third. Cuthbert doubled to deep left. Lopez flied out to left. Cimber pitching for Indians. Gallagher grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. López pitching for Royals. Plawecki singled to right center. Bradley singled to center, Plawecki to second. Naquin doubled to right center, Plawecki scored, Bradley to third. Freeman ran for Bradley. Lindor singled to center, Freeman scored and Naquin scored. Peralta pitching for Royals. Lindor stole second. Lindor stole second. Mercado sacrificed, Lindor scored, Mercado to second. Santana grounded out to first, Mercado to third. Kipnis hit sacrifice fly to left, Mercado scored. Ramírez homered to right (403 feet). Bauers flied out to left. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Bauers at first base. Freeman in left field. Cimber pitching for Indians. Gore grounded out to second. Merrifield struck out swinging. Mondesi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Newberry pitching for Royals. Plawecki walked. Freeman doubled to left, Plawecki to third. Naquin grounded out to first. Lindor intentionally walked. Mercado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lindor out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Cimber pitching for Indians. Gordon struck out swinging. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Soler walked. Cuthbert singled to center, Soler to second. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cuthbert out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Santana walked. Kipnis struck out swinging. Ramírez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Wittgren pitching for Indians. Gallagher homered to left (378 feet). Gore lined out to right. Merrifield flied out to right. Mondesi grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 8 - Royals 4.	Lindor, Ramirez help Indians sweep Royals with 8-4 clincher