White Sox - Top 1st. Duffy pitching for Royals. García popped out to first. Moncada flied out to center. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Nova pitching for White Sox. Merrifield singled to center. Merrifield stole second. Cuthbert grounded into double play, third to first to shortstop, Merrifield out at third in rundown. Gordon hit ground rule double to left. Dozier walked. Soler singled to shallow left center, Gordon scored, Dozier to third. Lopez singled to center, Dozier scored, Soler to third. Starling grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Duffy pitching for Royals. McCann struck out looking. Jay struck out swinging. Castillo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Nova pitching for White Sox. Duda grounded out to third. Viloria struck out swinging. Merrifield walked. Merrifield picked off and caught stealing second. Ivan Nova pitches to Cheslor Cuthbert. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Cordell singled to right. Sánchez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cordell out at second. Goins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Nova pitching for White Sox. Cuthbert grounded out to third. Gordon flied out to right. Dozier grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Duffy pitching for Royals. García singled to left. Moncada lined out to center. Abreu singled to left, García to second. McCann lined into double play, to second, García doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Nova pitching for White Sox. Soler grounded out to third. Lopez grounded out to second. Starling flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Jay struck out swinging. Castillo doubled to deep center. Castillo out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Cordell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Nova pitching for White Sox. Duda grounded out to second. Viloria struck out swinging. Merrifield singled to right. Cuthbert walked, Merrifield to second. Gordon walked, Cuthbert to second, Merrifield to third. Dozier walked, Merrifield scored, Gordon to second, Cuthbert to third. Soler singled to left, Cuthbert scored and Gordon scored, Dozier to third. Fry pitching for White Sox. Lopez singled to center, Dozier scored, Soler thrown out at third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Sánchez reached on infield single to first. Goins homered to right (387 feet), Sánchez scored. García flied out to center. Moncada flied out to left. Abreu grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Fry pitching for White Sox. Starling walked. Duda grounded out to shortstop, Starling to second. Viloria struck out swinging. Merrifield walked. Cuthbert grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Barlow pitching for Royals. McCann struck out swinging. Jay grounded out to second. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Herrera pitching for White Sox. Gordon singled to right center. Dozier singled to left, Gordon to second. Soler grounded into double play, third to first, Dozier to second, Gordon out at third. Lopez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Hamilton in center field. Starling in right field. Barlow pitching for Royals. Cordell struck out swinging. Sánchez singled to center. Diekman pitching for Royals. Goins singled to right, Sánchez to second. García struck out swinging. Moncada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Colomé pitching for White Sox. Starling singled to left. Duda struck out swinging. Viloria singled to center, Starling to third. Merrifield singled to left, Starling scored, Viloria to second. Cuthbert grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Merrifield out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Abreu singled to left. McCann lined out to center. Jay walked, Abreu to second. Castillo struck out swinging. Reed hit for Cordell. Reed homered to center (436 feet), Abreu scored and Jay scored. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Sánchez lined out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 5 - Royals 7.	Royals send struggling White Sox to sixth straight loss