Royals - Top 1st. Bieber pitching for Indians. Merrifield singled to right center. Soler struck out swinging. Dozier flied out to left. Merrifield stole second. Gordon walked. O'Hearn walked, Gordon to second, Merrifield to third. Starling grounded into fielder's choice to third, O'Hearn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Skoglund pitching for Royals. Lindor grounded out to pitcher. Mercado flied out to left. Santana lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Bieber pitching for Indians. Dini doubled to right center. Arteaga doubled to deep right, Dini to third. Lopez reached on infield single to first, Dini scored, Arteaga to third. Merrifield grounded into fielder's choice to third, Arteaga scored and Arteaga scored on throwing error by catcher Plawecki, Lopez out at third in rundown. Soler grounded into double play, second to first, Merrifield out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Skoglund pitching for Royals. Puig flied out to center. Reyes grounded out to second. Kipnis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Bieber pitching for Indians. Dozier singled to center. Gordon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Dozier out at second. O'Hearn homered to right center (390 feet). Starling grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Skoglund pitching for Royals. Chang walked. Plawecki homered to left (389 feet), Chang scored. Allen safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Arteaga. Allen stole second. Lindor grounded out to pitcher, Allen to third. Mercado grounded out to third. Santana walked. Puig fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Bieber pitching for Indians. Dini struck out swinging. Arteaga lined out to right. Lopez fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Skoglund pitching for Royals. Reyes flied out to right. Kipnis walked. Chang singled to left, Kipnis to second. Plawecki flied out to right, Chang to second, Kipnis to third. Allen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Bieber pitching for Indians. Merrifield grounded out to third. Soler struck out looking. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Skoglund pitching for Royals. Lindor lined out to left. Mercado fouled out to catcher. Santana flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Bieber pitching for Indians. Gordon grounded out to second. O'Hearn struck out looking. Starling struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Barlow pitching for Royals. Puig struck out swinging. Reyes struck out swinging. Kipnis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Bieber pitching for Indians. Dini struck out swinging. Arteaga struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Barlow pitching for Royals. Chang tripled to deep center. Plawecki singled to center, Chang scored. Hill pitching for Royals. Allen sacrificed to catcher, Plawecki to second. McCarthy pitching for Royals. Lindor intentionally walked. Mercado grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lindor out at second, Plawecki to third. Santana intentionally walked, Mercado to second. Puig flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Wittgren pitching for Indians. Merrifield safe at first on error by shortstop Lindor. Soler homered to left center (437 feet), Merrifield scored. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Gordon walked. Maton pitching for Indians. O'Hearn walked, Gordon to second. Starling struck out swinging. Dini walked, O'Hearn to second, Gordon to third. Gordon scored on Maton wild pitch, Dini to second on wild pitch by Maton, O'Hearn to third on wild pitch by Maton. Arteaga walked. Wood pitching for Indians. Lopez doubled to deep right, O'Hearn scored and Dini scored, Arteaga to third. Merrifield struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 8th. Barnes pitching for Royals. Reyes homered to right center (402 feet). Kipnis grounded out to second. Chang grounded out to second. Plawecki grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Wood pitching for Indians. Soler struck out swinging. Dozier struck out swinging. Gordon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Allen struck out swinging. Lindor homered to right center (383 feet). Mercado grounded out to second. Santana walked. Puig singled to left, Santana to second. Puig to second on wild pitch by Kennedy, Santana to third on wild pitch by Kennedy. Reyes homered to center (423 feet), Santana scored and Puig scored. Kipnis fouled out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 10th. Goody pitching for Indians. O'Hearn homered to right (365 feet). Starling popped out to shortstop. Dini struck out swinging. Arteaga flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 10th. Freeman hit for Chang. López pitching for Royals. Freeman struck out swinging. Naquin hit for Plawecki. Naquin struck out swinging. Allen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 9 - Indians 8.	Indians lose to Royals after losing Ramírez with broken hand