White Sox - Top 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Podsednik grounded out to second. Iguchi homered to left center. Thome homered to left. Konerko popped out to first. Dye grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Garland pitching for White Sox. Granderson reached on infield single to third. Granderson to second on wild pitch by Garland. Polanco grounded out to second, Granderson to third. Rodriguez grounded out to second, Granderson scored. Ordonez walked. Young singled to left center, Ordonez to second. Shelton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Crede popped out to second. Cintron singled to left. Anderson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Guillen grounded out to second. Monroe struck out swinging. Infante singled to shallow right center. Granderson fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Podsednik grounded out to second. Iguchi grounded out to second. Thome walked. Konerko singled to deep center, Thome to third. Konerko to second on wild pitch by Verlander. Dye singled to center, Thome and Konerko scored, Dye to second advancing on throw. Pierzynski doubled to deep right, Dye scored. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Crede singled to left, Pierzynski scored, Crede to second advancing on throw. Cintron tripled to deep right center, Crede scored. Anderson struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Polanco singled to center. Rodriguez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Polanco out at second. Ordonez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Podsednik walked. Iguchi struck out looking. Thome doubled to deep center, Podsednik scored. Konerko popped out to second. Dye singled to left, Thome scored, Dye out stretching at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Young singled to right center. Shelton homered to left center, Young scored. Guillen singled to right center. Monroe flied out to right. Infante doubled to deep right, Guillen thrown out at home, Infante to third advancing on throw. Granderson flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Crede doubled to deep right center. Cintron tripled to deep right, Crede scored. Anderson grounded out to second. Podsednik lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez singled to right. Ordonez homered to left, Rodriguez scored. Young lined out to second. Shelton doubled to deep left. Guillen doubled to deep right center, Shelton scored. Seay pitching for Tigers. Monroe singled to center, Guillen scored, Monroe out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Seay pitching for Tigers. Iguchi struck out swinging. Thome hit by pitch. Konerko grounded out to pitcher, Thome to second. Dye intentionally walked. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Pierzynski flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Infante struck out swinging. Granderson grounded out to first. Polanco doubled to deep left. Rodriguez singled to left, Polanco scored, Rodriguez to second on error by left fielder Podsednik. Ordonez singled to right, Rodriguez to third. Young flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Seay pitching for Tigers. Crede lined out to right. Cintron flied out to left. Anderson walked. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Podsednik hit by pitch, Anderson to second. Iguchi doubled to deep right center, Anderson and Podsednik scored. Thome intentionally walked. Konerko singled to center, Iguchi scored, Thome to second. Dye struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Shelton struck out swinging. Guillen flied out to center. Walker pitching for Tigers. Monroe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Walker pitching for Tigers. Pierzynski singled to left. Crede fouled out to first. Cintron flied out to right. Anderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. McCarthy pitching for White Sox. Infante hit ground rule double to left. Granderson grounded out to second, Infante to third. Polanco grounded out to shortstop, Infante scored. Rodriguez singled to left. Ordonez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Walker pitching for Tigers. Podsednik struck out swinging. Iguchi singled to left. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko singled to left, Iguchi to second. Mackowiak in left field. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Dye struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Young grounded out to first. Shelton singled to right. Guillen struck out swinging. Monroe singled to left, Shelton to second. Infante reached on infield single to third, Shelton to third, Monroe to second. Granderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 13 - Tigers 9.	Thome homers in fourth straight game as ChiSox sweep