Twins - Top 1st. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Stewart grounded out to third. Castillo walked. Mauer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castillo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Lohse pitching for Twins. Granderson grounded out to second. Polanco popped out to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Hunter doubled to deep left center. Cuddyer walked. Morneau grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cuddyer out at second, Hunter to third. White singled to left, Hunter scored. Batista grounded into fielder's choice to third, White out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Lohse pitching for Twins. Ordonez struck out looking. Guillen doubled to deep right. Shelton flied out to center. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Punto reached on infield single to shortstop. Punto stole second. Stewart walked. Castillo hit by pitch, Punto to third, Stewart to second. Mauer struck out looking. Hunter singled to right, Punto scored, Stewart to third, Castillo to second. Cuddyer hit sacrifice fly to right, Stewart scored. Morneau grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Lohse pitching for Twins. Monroe singled to left. Inge popped out to shortstop. Granderson singled to right, Monroe to second. Polanco singled to left, Monroe scored, Granderson to second. Rodriguez singled to right, Granderson scored, Polanco to second. Ordonez flied out to right. Guillen walked, Polanco to third, Rodriguez to second. Eyre pitching for Twins. Shelton doubled to deep right center, Polanco, Rodriguez and Guillen scored. Young struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. White grounded out to third. Batista grounded out to shortstop. Punto singled to center. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to third, Punto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Eyre pitching for Twins. Monroe doubled to deep left center. Inge flied out to right, Monroe to third. Granderson walked. Polanco fouled out to first. Rodriguez singled to right, Monroe scored, Granderson to second. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Ordonez walked, Granderson to third, Rodriguez to second. Guillen walked, Granderson scored, Rodriguez to third, Ordonez to second. Shelton popped out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Castillo singled to center. Mauer reached on bunt single to third, Castillo to second, Castillo to third on throwing error by third baseman Inge. Hunter popped out to shortstop. Cuddyer flied out to right. Morneau flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Young flied out to left. Monroe flied out to center. Colon pitching for Tigers. Inge flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Colon pitching for Tigers. White struck out looking. Batista reached on infield single to shortstop. Punto flied out to left. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to third, Batista out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Granderson walked. Polanco sacrificed to third, Granderson to second. Rodriguez flied out to center. Granderson to third on wild pitch by Guerrier. Seay pitching for Tigers. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Seay pitching for Tigers. Castillo singled to right. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Mauer walked, Castillo to second. Hunter walked, Castillo to third, Mauer to second. Cuddyer popped out to shortstop. Morneau walked, Castillo scored, Mauer to third, Hunter to second. Crain pitching for Twins. White lined into double play, to second, Hunter doubled off second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Crain pitching for Twins. Guillen singled to left. Shelton struck out swinging. Guillen caught stealing second, catcher to second. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Batista fouled out to first. Punto grounded out to second. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Crain pitching for Twins. Monroe grounded out to shortstop. Inge singled to left. Granderson struck out looking. Jones pitching for Tigers. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Jones pitching for Tigers. Castillo reached on bunt single to third. Mauer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castillo out at second. Hunter popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 4 - Tigers 7.	Shelton's three-run double sparks Tigers' fifth straight win