Tigers - Top 1st. Gobble pitching for Royals. Granderson struck out looking. Polanco lined out to third. Rodriguez singled to right center. Ordonez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Costa grounded out to shortstop. Grudzielanek flied out to left. Mientkiewicz walked. Sanders lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Gobble pitching for Royals. Guillen grounded out to second. Shelton grounded out to shortstop. Infante homered to left center. Thames popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Stairs struck out swinging. Brown grounded out to shortstop. Graffanino fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Gobble pitching for Royals. Inge flied out to left. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Bako singled to left. Berroa singled to right, Bako to second. Costa flied out to left. Grudzielanek reached on infield single to third, Bako to third, Berroa to second. Mientkiewicz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Grudzielanek out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Gobble pitching for Royals. Rodriguez singled to center. Ordonez grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second. Guillen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Sanders reached on infield single to shortstop. Stairs grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Sanders out at second. Brown singled to left. Wood pitching for Royals. Graffanino grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Wood pitching for Royals. Shelton grounded out to pitcher. Infante flied out to left. Thames walked. Inge homered to left, Thames scored. Granderson grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Bako popped out to second. Berroa grounded out to pitcher. Costa flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Wood pitching for Royals. Polanco singled to center. Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop, Polanco to second. Ordonez walked, Polanco to third, Rodriguez to second. Guillen safe at first on error by first baseman Mientkiewicz, Polanco scored, Rodriguez to third, Ordonez to second. Shelton lined out to second. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodriguez scored, Guillen out at second, Ordonez to third. Nunez pitching for Royals. Thames hit by pitch, Infante to second. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thames out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 6th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Grudzielanek singled to right. Mientkiewicz singled to right, Grudzielanek to third. Sanders struck out swinging. Stairs homered to right, Grudzielanek and Mientkiewicz scored. Brown singled to left. Graffanino flied out to center. Bako grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals. Granderson walked. Polanco popped out to third. Rodriguez grounded out to second, Granderson to second. Ordonez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Berroa struck out swinging. Costa singled to right. Grudzielanek grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Costa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals. Guillen grounded out to pitcher. Shelton struck out swinging. Infante homered to left. Monroe in left field. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Thames struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Mientkiewicz grounded out to first. Sanders walked. Sanders caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Nelson pitching for Royals. Stairs struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Nelson pitching for Royals. Inge grounded out to second. Granderson struck out swinging. Jones pitching for Tigers. Polanco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Jones pitching for Tigers. Brown struck out swinging. Graffanino grounded out to first. Guiel hit for Berroa. Bako singled to right. Guiel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 6 - Royals 3.	Dirty dozen: Royals' skid reaches 12 with loss to Tigers