Tigers - Top 1st. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Granderson grounded out to first. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Ellis flied out to center. Kendall doubled to right center. Crosby struck out swinging. Thomas walked. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thomas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Thames flied out to left. Guillen reached on infield single to pitcher. Monroe doubled to left, Guillen to third. Gomez struck out swinging. Shelton singled to left center, Guillen and Monroe scored. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Shelton out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Kielty singled to left. Kotsay struck out looking. Scutaro flied out to center. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Granderson doubled to deep center. Polanco grounded out to second, Granderson to third. Rodriguez doubled to left, Granderson scored. Thames grounded out to shortstop. Guillen singled to center, Rodriguez scored. Guillen stole second. Monroe homered to left, Guillen scored. Gomez flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Ellis struck out swinging. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Crosby lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Shelton grounded out to pitcher. Inge homered to right center. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Thomas flied out to left. Payton grounded out to second. Kielty doubled to deep right center. Kotsay doubled to right, Kielty scored. Scutaro homered to left, Kotsay scored. Johnson walked. Ellis grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez doubled to left. Thames flied out to center, Rodriguez to third. Flores pitching for Athletics. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Monroe intentionally walked. Gomez singled to right, Rodriguez scored, Monroe to third. Gomez stole second. Shelton walked. Inge struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Kendall flied out to right. Crosby doubled to deep left center. Thomas hit by pitch. Payton lined into double play, to second, Crosby doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Flores pitching for Athletics. Granderson reached on bunt single to catcher, Granderson to third on throwing error by catcher Kendall. Polanco singled to center, Granderson scored. Rodriguez singled to left, Polanco to second. Thames walked, Polanco to third, Rodriguez to second. Guillen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Polanco scored, Thames out at second, Rodriguez to third. Monroe flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Kielty homered to left. Kotsay flied out to left. Scutaro grounded out to second. Colon pitching for Tigers. Johnson doubled to deep right. Sauerbeck pitching for Athletics. Ellis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Sauerbeck pitching for Athletics. Gomez flied out to center. Shelton flied out to center. Inge grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Colon pitching for Tigers. Kendall popped out to second. Crosby grounded out to first. Perez ran for Thomas. Thomas singled to right center. Payton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Granderson walked. Polanco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Granderson out at second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Colon pitching for Tigers. Kielty grounded out to second. Kotsay grounded out to first. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Scutaro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Thames popped out to first. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Monroe flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Colon pitching for Tigers. Johnson grounded out to second. Melhuse hit for Kendall. Ellis singled to left. Melhuse grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ellis out at second. Melhuse to second on wild pitch by Colon. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 10 - Athletics 4.	Rogers roasts A's for 11th win; Tigers avoid sweep