Royals - Top 1st. Miner pitching for Tigers. DeJesus singled to center. Graffanino grounded out to third, DeJesus to second. Mientkiewicz fouled out to third. Brown flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Elarton pitching for Royals. Granderson walked. Inge fouled out to left. Infante struck out swinging. Thames popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Miner pitching for Tigers. Stairs grounded out to second. Teahen lined out to left. German reached on infield single to shortstop. German stole second. Gathright walked. Phillips flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Elarton pitching for Royals. Guillen homered to right. Shelton flied out to right. Monroe lined out to left. Gomez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Miner pitching for Tigers. DeJesus singled to center. Graffanino reached on infield single to shortstop, DeJesus to second. Mientkiewicz struck out swinging. Brown singled to left, DeJesus scored, Graffanino to third, Brown to second advancing on throw. Stairs popped out to shortstop. Teahen intentionally walked. German reached on infield single to third, Graffanino scored, Brown to third, Teahen to second. Gathright singled to right, Brown and Teahen scored, German to third, Gathright out stretching at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Elarton pitching for Royals. Wilson popped out to shortstop. Granderson grounded out to second. Inge grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Phillips bunt grounded out to catcher. DeJesus grounded out to first. Graffanino safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Guillen. Mientkiewicz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Elarton pitching for Royals. Infante grounded out to shortstop. Thames flied out to center. Guillen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Brown grounded out to third. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Stairs singled to right. Teahen popped out to shortstop. German walked, Stairs to second. Gathright tripled to left, Stairs and German scored. Phillips grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Elarton pitching for Royals. Shelton walked. Monroe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Shelton safe at second on error by second baseman German. Gomez flied out to center, Shelton thrown out at third. Wilson singled to center, Monroe to second. Granderson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 6th. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. DeJesus singled to left. DeJesus out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Graffanino walked. Mientkiewicz flied out to left. Brown doubled to deep center, Graffanino scored. Stairs grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Elarton pitching for Royals. Inge walked. Infante flied out to center. Thames homered to left, Inge scored. Guillen struck out looking. Shelton fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Teahen struck out looking. German singled to center. Gathright hit by pitch, German to second. Phillips singled to left, German scored, Gathright to second. DeJesus grounded into fielder's choice to second, Phillips out at second, Gathright to third, Gathright scored, DeJesus to second on throwing error by shortstop Guillen. Dessens pitching for Royals. Graffanino popped out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Dessens pitching for Royals. Monroe flied out to right. Gomez flied out to left. Wilson singled to center. Santiago at shortstop. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Mientkiewicz fouled out to first. Brown struck out swinging. Stairs safe at first on error by second baseman Infante. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Teahen walked, Stairs to second. German struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Dessens pitching for Royals. Inge singled to left. Infante singled to right, Inge to second. Thames homered to left, Inge and Infante scored. Burgos pitching for Royals. Santiago singled to right. Shelton struck out swinging. Monroe grounded out to second, Santiago to second. Gomez walked. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Gathright grounded out to second. Phillips lined out to second. DeJesus singled to center. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Graffanino grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Granderson flied out to center. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Infante lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 9 - Tigers 6.	Gathright's big day helps K.C. finally beat Tigers in '06