Athletics - Top 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Kendall fouled out to first. Kotsay flied out to left. Bradley fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Athletics. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco flied out to left. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Chavez struck out swinging. Thomas walked. Swisher struck out swinging. Payton singled to center, Thomas to second. Crosby struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Ordonez flied out to center. Guillen walked. Thames struck out looking. Guillen picked off first. Young batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Ellis singled to left. Kendall singled to right center, Ellis to third. Kotsay grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ellis out at home, Kendall to second. Kendall to third on wild pitch by Verlander. Bradley singled to center, Kendall scored, Kotsay to second. Chavez flied out to center. Thomas flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Young struck out swinging. Shelton grounded out to shortstop. Inge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Swisher struck out swinging. Payton flied out to center. Crosby grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Granderson singled to right. Polanco singled to left, Granderson to second. Rodriguez popped out to first. Ordonez doubled to deep left, Granderson scored, Polanco to third. Guillen intentionally walked. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to third, Polanco out at home, Ordonez to third, Guillen to second. Young singled to right, Ordonez and Guillen scored, Thames to third. Shelton flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Ellis struck out looking. Kendall singled to center. Kotsay popped out to shortstop. Bradley singled to shallow center, Kendall to third. Scutaro at shortstop. Chavez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Inge doubled to left. Granderson singled to right, Inge to third. Polanco singled to left, Inge scored, Granderson to second. Granderson to third, Polanco to second on wild pitch by Haren. Rodriguez doubled to deep left, Granderson and Polanco scored. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop, Rodriguez to third. Guillen struck out swinging. Thames grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Thomas flied out to center. Swisher grounded out to second. Payton singled to center. Scutaro lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Young grounded out to second. Shelton struck out swinging. Inge homered to left. Walker pitching for Tigers. Granderson struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Walker pitching for Tigers. Ellis lined out to shortstop. Kendall flied out to center. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Kotsay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop. Rodriguez flied out to left. Ordonez lined out to center. Polanco to second on wild pitch by Gaudin. Gomez in left field. Guillen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Walker pitching for Tigers. Bradley singled to left. Chavez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bradley out at second. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Thomas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Gomez popped out to shortstop. Young singled to left. Shelton struck out swinging. Colon pitching for Tigers. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Colon pitching for Tigers. Swisher singled to right. Payton doubled to deep right, Swisher to third. Scutaro hit sacrifice fly to center, Swisher scored, Payton to third. Ellis struck out swinging. Payton scored on Colon's wild pitch. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Kendall walked. Kotsay walked, Kendall to second. Bradley doubled to right, Kendall scored, Kotsay to third. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 4 - Tigers 7.	Young's return helps Verlander win 12th for Tigers