Athletics - Top 1st. Miner pitching for Tigers. Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop. Kotsay sacrificed to catcher, Kendall to second. Bradley flied out to right. Chavez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Granderson singled to left. Polanco singled to center, Granderson to second. Monroe singled to left, Granderson to third, Polanco to second. Ordonez singled to left, Granderson scored, Polanco to third, Monroe to second. Guillen doubled to deep left, Polanco, Monroe and Ordonez scored. Young grounded out to second, Guillen to third. Inge hit sacrifice fly to center, Guillen scored. Shelton popped out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Miner pitching for Tigers. Thomas singled to deep left. Swisher singled to right, Thomas to second. Payton singled to right, Thomas to third, Swisher to second. Ellis hit sacrifice fly to left, Thomas scored. Scutaro lined out to left. Kendall singled to right, Swisher scored, Payton to second. Kotsay homered to left, Payton and Kendall scored. Bradley popped out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Wilson grounded out to third. Granderson grounded out to second. Polanco singled to center. Monroe flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Miner pitching for Tigers. Chavez doubled to deep center. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Thomas flied out to center, Chavez to third. Swisher walked. Payton struck out swinging. Ellis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Ordonez singled to left. Guillen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ordonez out at second. Young lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Scutaro lined out to center. Kendall walked. Kotsay popped out to second. Bradley lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Inge popped out to shortstop. Shelton flied out to center. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Chavez struck out swinging. Thomas walked. Swisher singled to left, Thomas to second. Payton singled to center, Thomas to third, Swisher to second. Ellis hit sacrifice fly to right, Thomas scored, Swisher to third. Scutaro struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Granderson singled to left. Polanco singled to right, Granderson to second. Monroe flied out to center, Polanco out at second, Granderson to third. Ordonez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Kendall walked. Kotsay struck out looking. Bradley homered to left, Kendall scored. Chavez flied out to center. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Thomas fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Guillen safe at first on error by shortstop Scutaro. Young flied out to center. Inge singled to right, Guillen to second. Guillen to third, Inge to second on wild pitch by Halsey. Shelton struck out swinging. Wilson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 7th. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Swisher grounded out to second. Payton grounded out to pitcher. Ellis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Granderson struck out swinging. Calero pitching for Athletics. Polanco singled to right. Monroe singled to left, Polanco to second. Ordonez flied out to right. Colon pitching for Tigers. Guillen lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Colon pitching for Tigers. Scutaro homered to right. Kendall flied out to right. Kotsay flied out to left. Bradley flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Calero pitching for Athletics. Young reached on infield single to second. Inge grounded into double play, third to second to first, Young out at second. Shelton reached on infield single to second. Wilson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Colon pitching for Tigers. Chavez grounded out to first. Thomas popped out to shortstop. Street pitching for Athletics. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Street pitching for Athletics. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco flied out to right. Monroe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 9 - Tigers 5.	Athletics rally from five-run deficit to defeat Tigers