Tigers - Top 1st. Zito pitching for Athletics. Granderson flied out to left. Polanco grounded out to third. Casey grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Kendall singled to left. Kotsay grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kendall out at second. Bradley singled to left, Kotsay to second. Thomas flied out to center. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bradley out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Ordonez grounded out to third. Guillen fouled out to first. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Chavez singled to center. Swisher struck out looking. Scutaro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Monroe flied out to right. Thames grounded out to third. Inge homered to left. Granderson doubled to right. Polanco walked. Casey walked, Granderson to third, Polanco to second. Ordonez reached on infield single to third, Granderson scored, Polanco to third, Casey to second. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ordonez out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Jimenez flied out to right. Kendall walked. Kotsay reached on infield single to shortstop, Kendall to second. Bradley grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kotsay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez homered to right. Monroe walked. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to third, Monroe out at second, Thames to second on throwing error by second baseman Jimenez. Inge doubled to deep center, Thames scored. Granderson grounded out to first, Inge to third. Polanco singled to center, Inge scored. Casey singled to right center, Polanco to third. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Ordonez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Thomas walked. Payton doubled to deep left, Thomas to third. Chavez struck out swinging. Swisher struck out swinging. Scutaro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez flied out to right. Monroe grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Jimenez singled to left. Kendall walked, Jimenez to second. Kotsay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kendall out at second, Jimenez to third. Bradley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Thames struck out looking. Inge singled to right. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Granderson reached on infield single to first, Inge to second. Polanco grounded out to shortstop, Inge to third, Granderson to second. Santiago at shortstop. Guillen at first base. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Casey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Thomas flied out to left. Payton doubled to left. Chavez walked. Swisher popped out to second. Calero pitching for Athletics. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Calero pitching for Athletics. Ordonez grounded out to third. Guillen singled to right. Rodriguez singled to right, Guillen to second. Monroe flied out to right. Thames popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Jimenez struck out looking. Kendall safe at first on error by first baseman Guillen. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Kotsay grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 8th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Inge walked. Granderson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Inge out at second. Polanco flied out to center. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Santiago flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Bradley doubled to deep center. Thomas grounded out to shortstop, Bradley to third. Payton grounded out to pitcher, Bradley scored. Chavez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Ordonez walked. Guillen struck out swinging. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Jones pitching for Tigers. Monroe flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Jones pitching for Tigers. Swisher walked. Scutaro popped out to second. Jimenez grounded out to second, Swisher to second. Kendall flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 5 - Athletics 1.	Tigers feast on Zito, swipe Game 1 from A's