Athletics - Top 1st . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Burns struck out swinging . Semien singled to shallow left . Reddick struck out swinging . Butler walked , Semien to second . Lawrie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Butler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Altuve grounded out to third . Valbuena grounded out to pitcher . Springer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Phegley grounded out to third . Canha grounded out to pitcher . Gentry grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Gattis flied out to left . Rasmus grounded out to first . Carter safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Semien . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 3rd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Sogard grounded out to first . Burns struck out swinging . Semien grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Hahn pitching for Athletics . González doubled to center . González to third on wild pitch by Hahn . Marisnick singled to shallow right , González scored . Altuve grounded out to third , Marisnick to second . Valbuena walked . Marisnick caught stealing third , catcher to third . Springer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Reddick flied out to left . Butler walked . Lawrie reached on infield single to third , Butler to second . Phegley singled to shallow left , Butler to third , Lawrie to second . Canha grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Butler out at home , Lawrie to third , Phegley to second . Gentry grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Canha out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Gattis popped out to second . Rasmus grounded out to second . Carter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Sogard grounded out to first . Burns lined out to left . Semien grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Castro struck out swinging . González flied out to center . Marisnick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Reddick flied out to center . Butler reached on infield single to first . Lawrie reached on infield single to second , Butler to second . Phegley lined out to center . Canha safe at first on error by first baseman Carter , Butler scored , Lawrie to second . Gentry grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 6th . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Altuve popped out to second . Valbuena struck out swinging . Springer reached on infield single to second . Gattis homered to left center ( 450 feet ) , Springer scored . Rasmus hit ground rule double to right . Rasmus to third on wild pitch by Hahn . Carter walked . Castro grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Sogard singled to shallow center . Burns grounded out to second , Sogard to second . Semien grounded out to shortstop , Sogard to third . Reddick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Otero pitching for Athletics . González grounded out to second . Marisnick struck out looking . Altuve struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Neshek pitching for Astros . Butler grounded out to second . Lawrie doubled to left . Vogt hit for Phegley . Vogt struck out swinging . Canha struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Otero pitching for Athletics . Valbuena singled to shallow right center . Springer doubled to shallow right , Valbuena to third . Gattis walked . Villar ran for Gattis . Rasmus hit sacrifice fly to center , Valbuena scored , Springer to third , Villar to second . Carter singled to center , Springer and Villar scored . León pitching for Athletics . Castro struck out swinging . González reached on infield single to shortstop , Carter to second . Marisnick reached on infield single to shortstop , Carter to third , González to second . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Marisnick out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Harris pitching for Astros . Fuld walked . Sogard struck out looking . Burns grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fuld out at second . Semien grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 1 - Astros 6 .	Keuchel ( 6 - 0 ) stakes Astros to milestone victory