Astros - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Angels . Springer lined out to left . Correa singled to left . Correa to second on wild pitch by Wilson . Correa to third on balk by Wilson . Altuve struck out swinging . Gattis doubled to left , Correa scored . Rasmus reached on bunt single to pitcher , Gattis to third . Carter flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . McHugh pitching for Astros . Giavotella struck out swinging . Calhoun singled to center . Trout doubled to left , Calhoun to third . Pujols intentionally walked . Freese grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Santana grounded out to pitcher . Valbuena reached on infield single to third . Conger singled to right , Valbuena to second . Springer struck out swinging . Correa homered to left ( 441 feet ) , Valbuena and Conger scored . Altuve grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . McHugh pitching for Astros . Aybar grounded out to third . Joyce grounded out to first . Pérez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Gattis grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus flied out to center . Carter hit by pitch . Santana lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . McHugh pitching for Astros . Navarro singled to shallow left . Giavotella struck out swinging . Calhoun flied out to center . Trout struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Valbuena homered to right ( 412 feet ) . Conger struck out swinging . Springer walked . Correa doubled to left , Springer to third . Altuve intentionally walked . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Gattis hit sacrifice fly to right , Springer scored , Correa to third . Correa scored , Altuve to second on wild pitch by Bedrosian . Rasmus struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Pujols singled to shallow left center . Freese lined out to right . Aybar singled to right , Pujols to second . Joyce struck out swinging . Pérez reached on infield single to pitcher , Pujols to third , Aybar to second . Navarro singled to right , Pujols and Aybar scored , Pérez to third . Giavotella grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Carter walked . Santana struck out looking . Valbuena homered to right ( 353 feet ) , Carter scored . Conger singled to shallow right . Springer popped out to second . Correa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Conger out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Calhoun flied out to center . Trout struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Salas pitching for Angels . Altuve singled to left . Gattis struck out swinging . Rasmus singled to center , Altuve to third . Carter struck out swinging . Santana doubled to shallow right , Altuve scored , Rasmus to third , Rasmus scored on throwing error by right fielder Calhoun . Valbuena flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 6th . Tucker in left field . McHugh pitching for Astros . Freese singled to center . Aybar flied out to center . Joyce grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Freese out at second . Pérez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Marte in right field . Robertson in center field . Iannetta at first base . Kubitza at third base . Featherston at shortstop . Ramos pitching for Angels . Conger grounded out to third . Springer grounded out to shortstop . Correa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . González at second base . McHugh pitching for Astros . Navarro flied out to center . Giavotella flied out to right . Featherston lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Ramos pitching for Angels . González grounded out to shortstop . Gattis lined out to center . Tucker flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Marte reached on infield single to pitcher . Robertson flied out to center . Kubitza lined out to left . Iannetta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Álvarez pitching for Angels . Carter hit ground rule double to deep left . Santana singled to left , Carter to third . Valbuena flied out to center . Conger singled to center , Carter scored , Santana to second . Springer safe at first on error by third baseman Kubitza , Santana to third , Conger to second . Correa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santana scored , Springer out at second , Conger to third . González walked , Correa to second . Gattis popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 9th . Hernández pitching for Astros . Joyce flied out to right . Pérez flied out to center . Navarro singled to right . Giavotella doubled to deep left , Navarro scored . Featherston grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 13 - Angels 3 .	Valbuena , Correa power Astros to 13 - 3 rout of Angels