Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Inciarte grounded out to first . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . Gómez grounded out to pitcher . Correa homered to left ( 344 feet ) . Tucker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Castillo struck out swinging . Hill singled to right . Tomás walked , Hill to second . Saltalamacchia singled to center , Hill scored , Tomás to second . Owings struck out looking . Pennington walked , Tomás to third , Saltalamacchia to second . Inciarte walked , Tomás scored , Saltalamacchia to third , Pennington to second . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks . Gattis walked . Lowrie singled to right , Gattis to second . Rasmus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gattis out at third , Lowrie to second . Carter grounded into double play , third to first , Lowrie out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Castillo struck out swinging . Hill struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks . Conger homered to right ( 373 feet ) . Altuve struck out looking . Gómez grounded out to shortstop . Correa grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Tomás flied out to right . Saltalamacchia grounded out to pitcher . Owings fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks . Tucker grounded out to second . Gattis doubled to deep center . Lowrie safe at first on error by shortstop Ahmed , Gattis to third . Rasmus hit by pitch , Lowrie to second . Carter walked , Gattis scored , Lowrie to third , Rasmus to second . Conger homered to right , Lowrie , Rasmus and Carter scored ( 414 feet ) . Altuve singled to left . Gómez doubled to shallow left , Altuve to third . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Correa struck out looking . Tucker struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Pennington grounded out to third . Inciarte flied out to center . Ahmed safe at first on error by second baseman Altuve . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Gattis singled to left . Lowrie grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gattis out at second . Rasmus singled to center , Lowrie to second . Carter flied out to right , Lowrie to third . Conger grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Castillo struck out swinging . Hill struck out swinging . Tomás grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Peralta in right field . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Altuve flied out to left . Gómez singled to center . Correa homered to right , Gómez scored ( 383 feet ) . Tucker grounded out to second . Gattis popped out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Fields pitching for Astros . Saltalamacchia flied out to center . Velasquez pitching for Astros . Owings struck out swinging . Pennington lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Lamb at first base . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Lowrie fouled out to third . Rasmus singled to right . Carter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rasmus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Marisnick in right field . Rasmus in left field . Velasquez pitching for Astros . Inciarte grounded out to third . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Lamb flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Conger singled to center . Conger to second on wild pitch by Collmenter . Altuve grounded out to third . Gómez singled to right center , Conger thrown out at home . Correa lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Hernández hit for Castillo . Velasquez pitching for Astros . Hernández walked . Hill struck out swinging . Peralta struck out looking . Saltalamacchia fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Astros 9 .	Conger , Correa both hit 2 homers as Astros down DBacks 9 - 2