Mariners - Top 1st . Kazmir pitching for Astros . Marte doubled to left . Seager flied out to center . Marte stole third . Cruz struck out swinging . Canó grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Walker pitching for Mariners . Altuve grounded out to third . Lowrie flied out to left . Correa walked . Correa to second on wild pitch by Walker . Gattis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Astros . Gutiérrez lined out to third . Trumbo struck out looking . Romero singled to left . Sucre walked , Romero to second . O'Malley singled to right , Romero scored , Sucre to second . Marte grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Walker pitching for Mariners . Rasmus singled to left . Gómez hit by pitch , Rasmus to second . Tucker singled to right , Rasmus scored , Gómez to third . Valbuena hit sacrifice fly to center , Gómez scored . Conger grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tucker out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Astros . Seager reached on infield single to second . Cruz struck out swinging . Canó popped out to third . Seager to second on passed ball by Conger . Gutiérrez hit ground rule double to deep center , Seager scored . Trumbo struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Walker pitching for Mariners . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . Lowrie doubled to deep center . Correa grounded out to shortstop . Gattis singled to right , Lowrie scored . Rasmus struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Kazmir pitching for Astros . Romero flied out to right . Sucre flied out to right . O'Malley walked . Marte flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Walker pitching for Mariners . Gómez walked . Gómez caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher . Tucker grounded out to shortstop . Valbuena struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Kazmir pitching for Astros . Seager doubled to deep right . Cruz struck out swinging . Canó singled to center , Seager scored . Qualls pitching for Astros . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . Trumbo grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Walker pitching for Mariners . Conger struck out looking . Altuve grounded out to first . Lowrie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Romero struck out swinging . Sucre grounded out to shortstop . O'Malley singled to right . Harris pitching for Astros . O'Malley stole second . Marte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Walker pitching for Mariners . Correa lined out to center . Gattis flied out to center . Rasmus flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Harris pitching for Astros . Seager walked . Cruz singled to center , Seager to third . Canó grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Seager out at home , Canó to second , Cruz to second , Cruz to third advancing on throw . Gutiérrez intentionally walked . Trumbo flied out to right , Cruz out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Walker pitching for Mariners . Gómez grounded out to third . Tucker popped out to shortstop . Valbuena walked . Conger doubled to deep right , Valbuena to third . Smith pitching for Mariners . Altuve struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Neshek pitching for Astros . Morrison hit for Romero . Morrison walked . Sucre sacrificed to catcher , Morrison to second , Sucre safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Neshek . Morrison to third on throwing error by pitcher Neshek . O'Malley singled to right , Morrison scored , Sucre to third . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sucre out at home , Marte to second , O'Malley to second , O'Malley to third advancing on throw . Seager intentionally walked . Smith hit for Cruz . Pérez pitching for Astros . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to second , O'Malley scored , Seager out at second , Marte to third . Canó grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 8th . Trumbo in right field . Morrison at first base . Kensing pitching for Mariners . Lowrie doubled to deep right . Lowrie to third on wild pitch by Kensing . Correa popped out to shortstop . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Gattis flied out to right . Rasmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Fields pitching for Astros . Gutiérrez singled to center . Trumbo singled to left , Gutiérrez to second . Morrison homered to left ( 334 feet ) , Gutiérrez and Trumbo scored . Sucre struck out swinging . O'Malley struck out looking . Marte grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Smith in right field . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Gómez doubled to left , Gómez to third on error by left fielder Gutiérrez . Tucker struck out swinging . Valbuena fouled out to shortstop . Conger struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Mariners 8 - Astros 3 .	O'Malley , Morrison shine late , lift Seattle over Astros 8 - 3