Astros - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Altuve struck out looking . Springer safe at first on error by third baseman Hill . Correa singled to right , Springer to second . Rasmus singled to right , Springer scored , Correa to second . Valbuena walked , Correa to third , Rasmus to second . Carter singled to left , Correa and Rasmus scored , Valbuena to second . Tucker grounded out to second , Valbuena to third , Carter to second . Castro intentionally walked . Keuchel struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Pollock singled to center . Gosselin flied out to right . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Hill flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . Springer homered to center ( 426 feet ) . Correa struck out swinging . Rasmus walked . Valbuena doubled to left , Rasmus to third , Rasmus scored on error by left fielder Tomás . Carter struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Castillo grounded out to third . Drury hit for Tomás . Drury grounded out to shortstop . Owings walked . Brito grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Gosselin in left field . Hill at second base . Drury at third base . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Tucker singled to center . Castro walked , Tucker to second . Keuchel sacrificed to third , Tucker to third , Castro to second . Altuve hit sacrifice fly to right , Tucker scored . Springer flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Romak hit for De La Rosa . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Romak doubled to deep right . Pollock lined into double play , to second , Romak doubled off second . Gosselin hit by pitch . Goldschmidt singled to right , Gosselin to second . Hill doubled to left , Gosselin scored , Goldschmidt thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Correa homered to center ( 442 feet ) . Rasmus lined out to right . Valbuena grounded out to first . Carter flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Castillo singled to center . Drury grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castillo out at second . Owings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Tucker grounded out to third . Castro grounded out to third . Keuchel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Brito grounded out to second . O'Brien hit for Collmenter . O'Brien homered to left center ( 471 feet ) . Pollock flied out to right . Gosselin walked . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Webster pitching for Diamondbacks . Altuve lined out to left . Springer grounded out to shortstop . Correa walked . Correa stole second . Rasmus homered to right center ( 428 feet ) , Correa scored . Valbuena homered to right center ( 418 feet ) . Carter struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Hill safe at first on error by shortstop Correa . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hill out at second . Drury lined out to center . Owings flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 7th . Lamb at first base . Stites pitching for Diamondbacks . Tucker safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Hill . Marisnick ran for Tucker . Castro singled to left , Marisnick to second . Singleton hit for Keuchel . Singleton walked , Marisnick to third , Castro to second . Altuve hit sacrifice fly to right , Marisnick scored . Springer singled to right , Castro to third , Singleton to second . Correa tripled to deep center , Castro , Singleton and Springer scored . Rasmus walked . Valbuena doubled to deep center , Correa scored , Rasmus to third . Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks . Rasmus scored , Valbuena to third on wild pitch by Burgos . Carter struck out swinging . Marisnick singled to center , Valbuena scored . Castro grounded out to first . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Villar at shortstop . Rasmus in left field . Duffy at third base . Thatcher pitching for Astros . Marisnick in center field . Singleton at first base . Brito struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia hit for Burgos . Saltalamacchia hit ground rule double to deep left center . Pollock grounded out to third . Gosselin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Schugel pitching for Diamondbacks . Singleton walked . Altuve doubled to right , Singleton to third . González ran for Altuve . Springer safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Schugel , Singleton scored , González to third . Villar doubled to left , González scored , Springer to third . Rasmus flied out to right . Duffy singled to center , Springer and Villar scored . Stassi struck out swinging . Marisnick flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . González at second base . Velasquez pitching for Astros . Lamb safe at first on error by first baseman Singleton . Hill doubled to deep right , Lamb to third . Castillo grounded out to third , Lamb scored . Drury grounded out to third . Owings struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 9th . Conger hit for Velasquez . Schugel pitching for Diamondbacks . Conger singled to center . Singleton flied out to right . González singled to left , Conger to second . Springer grounded out to second , Conger to third , González to second . Villar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Feliz pitching for Astros . Brito struck out swinging . Hernández hit for Schugel . Hernández singled to shallow right . Pollock grounded out to third , Hernández to second . Gosselin doubled to left , Hernández scored . Gosselin to third on balk by Feliz . Lamb walked . Hill singled to left , Gosselin scored , Lamb to second . Castillo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 21 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Keuchel wins 20th , Astros set runs record in rout