Rangers - Top 1st . Blanton pitching for Angels . Kinsler singled to center . Andrus singled to left , Kinsler to second . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Andrus out at second , Kinsler to third , Kinsler scored on error by pitcher Blanton . Beltre flied out to right . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 1st . Holland pitching for Rangers . Bourjos flied out to center . Trout grounded out to second . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Blanton pitching for Angels . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Murphy singled to right . Moreland singled to left , Murphy to second . Martin singled to left center , Murphy scored , Moreland to second . Kinsler grounded into double play , third to first , Moreland out at third , Martin to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Trumbo grounded out to third . Hamilton reached on infield single to pitcher . Kendrick walked , Hamilton to second . Harris lined out to center . Iannetta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Blanton pitching for Angels . Andrus singled to right . Berkman flied out to right . Beltre singled to right , Andrus to second . Pierzynski flied out to left , Andrus to third . Cruz walked , Beltre to second . Murphy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Jimenez flied out to center . Bourjos walked . Trout walked , Bourjos to second . Pujols grounded into double play , third to second to first , Trout out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Blanton pitching for Angels . Moreland singled to right . Martin grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Moreland out at second . Kinsler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Trumbo walked . Hamilton singled to center , Trumbo to third . Kendrick doubled to deep center , Trumbo and Hamilton scored . Kendrick to third on wild pitch by Holland . Harris grounded out to second . Iannetta hit sacrifice fly to left , Kendrick scored . Jimenez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Blanton pitching for Angels . Andrus grounded out to third . Berkman grounded out to pitcher . Beltre doubled to left . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Bourjos grounded out to shortstop . Trout struck out swinging . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Blanton pitching for Angels . Cruz lined out to third . Murphy doubled to left . Moreland doubled to deep left , Murphy scored . Martin grounded out to first , Moreland to third . Kinsler flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Trumbo struck out swinging . Hamilton reached on infield single to second . Kendrick singled to center , Hamilton to second . Harris struck out swinging . Iannetta doubled to left , Hamilton scored , Kendrick to third . Frasor pitching for Rangers . Jimenez singled to left , Kendrick and Iannetta scored , Jimenez to second advancing on throw . Bourjos walked . Jimenez to third , Bourjos to second on wild pitch by Frasor . Trout lined out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Romine at shortstop . Blanton pitching for Angels . Andrus singled to left . Roth pitching for Angels . Berkman singled to right center , Andrus to second . De La Rosa pitching for Angels . Beltre walked , Andrus to third , Berkman to second . Pierzynski singled to left center , Andrus scored , Berkman to third , Beltre to second . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Berkman scored , Pierzynski out at second , Beltre to third . Downs pitching for Angels . Baker hit for Murphy . Baker safe at first on error by pitcher Downs , Beltre scored , Cruz to second . Moreland grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Baker out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 7th . Baker in left field . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Pujols struck out swinging . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton singled to center . Kendrick lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Downs pitching for Angels . Martin struck out swinging . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Andrus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Shuck hit for Romine . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Shuck flied out to center . Iannetta grounded out to third . Jimenez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Field at shortstop . Frieri pitching for Angels . Berkman flied out to left . Beltre flied out to left . Pierzynski homered to right center ( 386 feet ) . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Gentry in center field . Martin in left field . Nathan pitching for Rangers . Bourjos singled to left center . Trout flied out to right . Pujols lined out to second . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 7 - Angels 6 .	Pierzynski finishes Rangers ' rally