Rangers - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Angels . Kinsler hit by pitch . Andrus grounded out to first , Kinsler to second . Berkman flied out to left . Beltre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Bourjos grounded out to second . Trout struck out swinging , Trout safe at on error by player player , Trout to first on error by first baseman Moreland . Pujols walked , Trout to second . Hamilton lined out to left . Murphy in left field . Trumbo singled to center , Trout scored , Pujols to second . Kendrick reached on infield single to second , Pujols scored , Trumbo tagged out at third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Vargas pitching for Angels . Cruz walked . Pierzynski grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Cruz out at second . Murphy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Harris singled to right . Iannetta struck out swinging . Harris caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Jimenez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Vargas pitching for Angels . Gentry flied out to center . Moreland singled to center . Kinsler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Moreland out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Bourjos popped out to second . Trout walked . Pujols grounded into double play , second to first , Trout out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Vargas pitching for Angels . Andrus struck out looking . Berkman struck out looking . Beltre singled to left . Cruz walked , Beltre to second . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Hamilton flied out to left . Trumbo doubled to right center . Kendrick homered to center ( 412 feet ) , Trumbo scored . Harris struck out looking . Iannetta walked . Jimenez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iannetta out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Vargas pitching for Angels . Murphy flied out to center . Gentry grounded out to shortstop . Moreland doubled to left . Kinsler flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Bourjos reached on infield single to shortstop . Bourjos picked off first . Trout grounded out to shortstop . Pujols grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Vargas pitching for Angels . Andrus singled to center . Berkman walked , Andrus to second . Beltre grounded out to second , Andrus to third , Berkman to second . Cruz homered to left center ( 439 feet ) , Andrus and Berkman scored . Pierzynski singled to center . Murphy singled to left , Pierzynski to second . Gentry fouled out to first . Moreland grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Hamilton flied out to center . Trumbo struck out swinging . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Vargas pitching for Angels . Kinsler popped out to first . Andrus grounded out to third . Berkman popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Harris flied out to right . Iannetta struck out looking . Jimenez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Romine at shortstop . Downs pitching for Angels . Beltre singled to center . Cruz safe at first on error by shortstop Romine , Beltre to third . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cruz to second . Murphy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Beltre scored , Pierzynski out at second , Cruz to third . Gentry intentionally walked . Moreland struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Bourjos hit by pitch . Ross pitching for Rangers . Trout grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bourjos out at second . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Frieri pitching for Angels . Frieri pitching for Angels . Kinsler walked . Frieri pitching for Angels . Frieri pitching for Angels . Kinsler walked . Frieri pitching for Angels . Frieri pitching for Angels . Kinsler walked . Andrus sacrificed to pitcher , Kinsler to second . Berkman struck out swinging . Kinsler to third on wild pitch by Frieri . Beltre lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Rangers . Hamilton singled to right . Trumbo flied out to center . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hamilton out at second . Romine grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendrick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 10th . De La Rosa pitching for Angels . Cruz struck out swinging . Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher . Murphy popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 10th . Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Rangers . Iannetta flied out to right . Jimenez singled to right . Bourjos singled to left , Jimenez to second . Trout walked , Jimenez to third , Bourjos to second . Ortiz pitching for Rangers . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jimenez out at home , Bourjos to third , Trout to second . Hamilton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 11th . Martin hit for Gentry . De La Rosa pitching for Angels . Martin grounded out to pitcher . Moreland flied out to center . Kinsler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 11th . Martin in center field . Ortiz pitching for Rangers . Trumbo struck out looking . Kendrick homered to center ( 402 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - Angels 5 .	Angels win in 11th on Kendrick HR