Mariners - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Angels . Bay flied out to right . Saunders struck out swinging . Morse walked . Morales singled to center , Morse to second . Smoak grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morales out at second , Morse to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Aybar walked . Aybar caught stealing second , catcher to second . Trout singled to center . Pujols singled to shallow center , Trout to second . Trumbo reached on infield single to shortstop , Trout to third , Pujols to second . Hamilton singled to left , Trout and Pujols scored , Trumbo to second . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hamilton out at second , Trumbo to third . Kendrick to second on wild pitch by Maurer . Callaspo doubled to deep right , Trumbo and Kendrick scored . Conger singled to right , Callaspo scored . Shuck lined out to third . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Shoppach grounded out to shortstop . Ackley flied out to center . Andino struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Aybar grounded out to second . Trout tripled to deep center . Pujols singled to center , Trout scored . Trumbo reached on infield single to shortstop , Pujols to second . Hamilton walked , Pujols to third , Trumbo to second . Kendrick grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hamilton out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Ryan struck out looking . Bay flied out to right . Saunders singled to center . Saunders to second on wild pitch by Wilson . Morse popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Callaspo singled to left . Conger grounded out to second , Callaspo to second . Callaspo to third on wild pitch by Maurer . Shuck struck out swinging . Aybar singled to center , Callaspo scored . Trout struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Morales grounded out to pitcher . Smoak struck out swinging . Shoppach struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Pujols lined out to center . Trumbo lined out to left . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Ackley flied out to right . Andino flied out to center . Ryan doubled to left . Bay grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo struck out swinging . Conger grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Saunders grounded out to first . Morse grounded out to shortstop . Morales singled to center . Smoak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Shuck grounded out to second . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . Trout struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Shoppach flied out to right . Ackley struck out looking . Andino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Medina pitching for Mariners . Pujols struck out looking . Trumbo doubled to deep right . Hamilton walked . Kendrick grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hamilton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Ryan walked . Ryan to second on wild pitch by Wilson , Ryan safe at third on throwing error by catcher Conger . Bay struck out swinging . Saunders grounded out to first , Ryan scored . Morse singled to left . Morales doubled to left , Morse to third . Smoak struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Callaspo grounded out to shortstop . Conger walked . Shuck grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Conger out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . De La Rosa pitching for Angels . Shoppach popped out to second . Ackley grounded out to second . Andino walked . Ryan singled to left , Andino to third . Ryan to second on fielder 's indifference . Bay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 1 - Angels 7 .	Wilson fans 10 as Angels win 4th straight