Pirates - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Angels . Marte flied out to right . Martin struck out swinging . McCutchen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Bourjos struck out swinging . Trout struck out swinging . Pujols lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Angels . Jones grounded out to first . Alvarez homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop . Walker singled to right , Sanchez to second . Snider grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Walker out at second , Sanchez to third . Mercer singled to left , Sanchez scored , Snider to second . Marte safe at first on error by third baseman Callaspo , Snider to third , Mercer to second . Martin walked , Snider scored , Mercer to third , Marte to second . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Marte out at third , Martin to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Trumbo struck out swinging . Kendrick struck out swinging . Callaspo walked . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Callaspo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Angels . Jones grounded out to third . Alvarez grounded out to second . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Iannetta flied out to right . Shuck reached on bunt single to catcher . Bourjos singled to left , Shuck to second . Trout grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bourjos out at second , Shuck to third . Pujols grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Williams pitching for Angels . Walker doubled to deep center . Snider singled to center , Walker scored . Mercer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Snider out at second . Marte grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Trumbo grounded out to second . Kendrick doubled to deep right . Callaspo reached on infield single to shortstop . Aybar singled to left , Kendrick thrown out at home , Callaspo to second . Iannetta walked , Callaspo to third , Aybar to second . Shuck struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Angels . Martin grounded out to third . McCutchen homered to left ( 424 feet ) . Jones struck out swinging . Alvarez doubled to deep right . Alvarez to third on wild pitch by Williams . Sanchez popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Bourjos bunt grounded out to pitcher . Trout lined out to second . Pujols walked . Trumbo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Williams pitching for Angels . Walker grounded out to second . Snider walked . Snider caught stealing second , catcher to second . Mercer lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Kendrick grounded out to second . Callaspo grounded out to third . Aybar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Angels . Marte flied out to center . Martin fouled out to catcher . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Iannetta flied out to right . Shuck hit ground rule double to deep right . Bourjos lined out to center . Trout singled to center , Shuck scored . Morris pitching for Pirates . Trout stole second . Pujols walked . Trumbo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Kohn pitching for Angels . Jones grounded out to second . Alvarez flied out to center . Sanchez homered to left ( 382 feet ) . Walker grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Morris pitching for Pirates . Kendrick grounded out to third . Callaspo singled to right . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Aybar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Callaspo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Kohn pitching for Angels . Snider walked . Mercer reached on infield single to shortstop , Snider to second . Marte flied out to center , Snider to third . Martin grounded out to third , Mercer to second . McCutchen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Iannetta walked . Shuck grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iannetta out at second . Bourjos walked , Shuck to second . Trout grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bourjos out at second , Shuck to third . Trout to second on fielder 's indifference . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 6 - Angels 1 .	Liriano , 3 solo HRs push Pirates past Angels