Pirates - Top 1st . Blanton pitching for Angels . Marte struck out swinging . Mercer flied out to center . Alvarez homered to right center ( 382 feet ) . Jones struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Morton pitching for Pirates . Bourjos grounded out to shortstop . Trout grounded out to shortstop . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Blanton pitching for Angels . Walker singled to left . Sanchez struck out swinging . Snider struck out swinging . Sanchez hit ground rule double to deep right , Walker to third . McKenry flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Trumbo struck out looking . Kendrick walked . Callaspo singled to left , Kendrick to second . Aybar reached on infield single to second , Kendrick to third , Callaspo to second , Kendrick scored , Callaspo to third on throwing error by second baseman Walker . Iannetta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Callaspo scored , Aybar safe at second on error by third baseman Alvarez . Shuck singled to left , Aybar scored , Iannetta to second . Bourjos walked , Iannetta to third , Shuck to second . Trout grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Iannetta and Shuck scored , Bourjos out at second . Trout stole second . Pujols grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Blanton pitching for Angels . Marte doubled to shallow left . Marte to third on wild pitch by Blanton . Mercer grounded out to third . Alvarez struck out swinging . Jones safe at first on error by second baseman Kendrick , Marte scored . Walker doubled to deep right , Jones to third . Sanchez reached on infield single to third , Jones scored , Walker to third . Snider lined out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Trumbo popped out to shortstop . Kendrick grounded out to third . Callaspo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Hawpe in right field . Trout in center field . Shuck in left field . Blanton pitching for Angels . Sanchez flied out to center . McKenry struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Aybar struck out swinging . Iannetta struck out swinging . Shuck walked . Shuck stole second . Hawpe singled to right , Shuck scored . Trout lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Blanton pitching for Angels . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Alvarez grounded out to first . Jones grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Pujols grounded out to second . Trumbo grounded out to third . Kendrick safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Mercer . Callaspo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 6th . Blanton pitching for Angels . Walker grounded out to first . Sanchez flied out to right . Snider flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Aybar struck out swinging . Iannetta struck out looking . Shuck walked . Shuck stole second . Hawpe walked . Reid pitching for Pirates . Trout hit by pitch , Shuck to third , Hawpe to second . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Blanton pitching for Angels . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . McKenry grounded out to third . Marte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Reid pitching for Pirates . Trumbo lined out to right . Kendrick grounded out to third . Callaspo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Blanton pitching for Angels . Mercer grounded out to third . Downs pitching for Angels . Alvarez grounded out to second . Inge hit for Jones . Inge struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Inge in right field . Welker pitching for Pirates . Aybar flied out to right . Iannetta struck out looking . Shuck grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Hamilton in right field . Frieri pitching for Angels . Walker walked . Sanchez singled to center , Walker to third . Snider fouled out to catcher . McCutchen hit for Sanchez . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Walker scored , Sanchez out at second . Martin hit for McKenry . McCutchen to second on fielder 's indifference . Martin doubled to deep left , McCutchen scored . Marte singled to left center , Martin scored , Marte to second advancing on throw . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Mercer grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Marte in left field . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Snider in right field . McCutchen in center field . Martin catching . Harris hit for Hamilton . Harris struck out swinging . Trout flied out to right . Pujols popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 10th . Harris at first base . Trumbo in right field . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Alvarez doubled to deep center . Barmes hit for Melancon . Barmes sacrificed to third , Alvarez to third . Walker intentionally walked . Sanchez walked , Walker to second . Snider singled to left , Alvarez scored , Walker to third , Sanchez to second , Walker and Sanchez scored , Snider to second on error by left fielder Shuck . De La Rosa pitching for Angels . McCutchen singled to right , Snider to third . Martin singled to left , Snider scored , McCutchen to second . Marte flied out to left . Mercer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martin out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 10th . Mercer at second base . Barmes at shortstop . Grilli pitching for Pirates . Trumbo struck out swinging . Kendrick tripled to right . Callaspo singled to left , Kendrick scored . Aybar singled to left , Callaspo to second . Conger hit for Iannetta . Conger flied out to left . Shuck singled to center , Callaspo scored , Aybar to third . Harris singled to left , Aybar scored , Shuck to third , Harris to second advancing on throw . Trout struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 10 - Angels 9 .	Pirates rally for 3 in 9th , stun Angels in 10