Angels - Top 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Shuck grounded out to shortstop . Trout grounded out to second . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Wilson pitching for Angels . Jackson walked . Hunter reached on infield single to third , Jackson to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Fielder flied out to right , Jackson to third . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Trumbo grounded out to third . Kendrick grounded out to first . Hamilton singled to center . Callaspo walked , Hamilton to second . Conger grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Peralta grounded out to third . Infante doubled to left . Garcia struck out swinging . Holaday grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Aybar struck out swinging . Shuck doubled to deep right . Trout singled to shallow left , Shuck scored . Trout stole second . Pujols flied out to center , Trout to third . Trumbo flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Jackson grounded out to third . Hunter singled to right . Hunter to third on wild pitch by Wilson . Cabrera homered to right ( 358 feet ) , Hunter scored . Fielder flied out to left . Martinez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Kendrick struck out swinging . Hamilton singled to right center . Callaspo grounded out to first , Hamilton to second . Conger singled to center , Hamilton scored . Aybar singled to right , Conger to second . Shuck grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aybar out at second . Garcia struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Trout flied out to right . Pujols doubled to deep left . Trumbo singled to right , Pujols to third . Kendrick singled to center , Pujols scored , Trumbo to second . Hamilton singled to right , Trumbo scored , Kendrick to third , Hamilton to second on throwing error by right fielder Hunter . Callaspo intentionally walked . Downs pitching for Tigers . Conger walked , Kendrick scored , Hamilton to third , Callaspo to second . Aybar hit sacrifice fly to left , Hamilton scored . Shuck singled to right , Callaspo scored , Conger to third , Shuck to second advancing on throw . Trout singled to shallow left , Conger scored , Shuck to third . Pujols singled to right center , Shuck scored , Trout to third . Reed pitching for Tigers . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Holaday flied out to right . Jackson walked . Hunter singled to left , Jackson to second . Cabrera struck out looking . Fielder doubled to deep left center , Jackson scored , Hunter to third . Martinez singled to deep left , Hunter and Fielder scored . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Reed pitching for Tigers . Kendrick safe at first on error by pitcher Reed . Hamilton struck out swinging . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kendrick out at second . Conger struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Kohn pitching for Angels . Infante flied out to right . Garcia flied out to right . Holaday popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Reed pitching for Tigers . Aybar walked . Aybar stole second . Aybar safe at third on throwing error by catcher Holaday . Shuck hit sacrifice fly to left , Aybar scored . Trout grounded out to shortstop . Pujols flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Richards pitching for Angels . Jackson grounded out to pitcher . Hunter grounded out to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Reed pitching for Tigers . Trumbo safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera . Kendrick flied out to center . Hamilton walked . Callaspo singled to left , Trumbo to third , Hamilton to second . Putkonen pitching for Tigers . Conger struck out looking . Aybar singled to right , Trumbo scored , Hamilton to third , Callaspo to second . Shuck singled to center , Hamilton and Callaspo scored , Aybar to second . Trout safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera , Aybar to third , Shuck to second . Pujols grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Bourjos in center field . Harris at second base . Kelly hit for Fielder . Richards pitching for Angels . Kelly grounded out to first . Martinez grounded out to second . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Dirks in left field . Santiago at third base . Kelly at first base . Garcia in right field . Coke pitching for Tigers . Trumbo struck out swinging . Harris walked . Hamilton struck out swinging . Callaspo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Hawpe at first base . Richards pitching for Angels . Infante grounded out to third . Garcia singled to center . Holaday walked , Garcia to second . Jackson singled to left , Garcia scored , Holaday to second . Dirks singled to right , Holaday to third , Jackson to second . Buckner pitching for Angels . Santiago walked , Holaday scored , Jackson to third , Dirks to second . Kelly hit sacrifice fly to right , Jackson scored . Martinez grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 14 - Tigers 8 .	Pujols keys 8 - run 5th vs. error - prone Tigers