Cardinals - Top 1st . Blanton pitching for Angels . Carpenter struck out swinging . Beltran singled to center . Holliday flied out to center . Craig struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Shuck struck out swinging . Trout grounded out to first . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Blanton pitching for Angels . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Adams struck out looking . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Hamilton walked . Kendrick grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hamilton out at second . Trumbo fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Blanton pitching for Angels . Descalso grounded out to shortstop . Jay struck out looking . Carpenter lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Callaspo singled to right . Conger struck out swinging . Aybar singled to left center , Callaspo to second . Shuck sacrificed to pitcher , Callaspo to third , Aybar to second . Trout singled to center , Callaspo and Aybar scored . Pujols grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Blanton pitching for Angels . Beltran singled to left . Holliday walked , Beltran to second . Craig homered to center ( 401 feet ) , Beltran and Holliday scored . Molina singled to left . Adams grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . Freese flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Hamilton struck out swinging . Kendrick flied out to right . Trumbo homered to right center ( 415 feet ) . Callaspo fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Blanton pitching for Angels . Descalso doubled to deep right center . Jay reached on bunt single to third , Descalso to third . Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to center , Descalso scored . Beltran struck out swinging , Jay stole second . Holliday struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Conger flied out to right . Aybar fouled out to first . Shuck singled to left . Trout lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Blanton pitching for Angels . Craig singled to center . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Craig out at second . Adams safe at first on error by first baseman Trumbo . Freese singled to center , Adams to second . Descalso singled to center , Adams scored , Freese to third . Kohn pitching for Angels . Jay walked , Descalso to second . Carpenter flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Pujols grounded out to third . Hamilton lined out to first . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Kohn pitching for Angels . Beltran popped out to third . Holliday struck out swinging . Craig struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Trumbo grounded out to second . Callaspo popped out to first . Conger lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Molina struck out swinging . Adams grounded out to third . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Aybar singled to right . Shuck grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Aybar out at second . Trout flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Downs pitching for Angels . Descalso singled to right . Jay bunt popped out to catcher . Carpenter grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Descalso out at second . Beltran struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Pujols singled to left . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Hamilton homered to center , Pujols scored ( 411 feet ) . Kendrick singled to center . Trumbo singled to left center , Kendrick to third . Callaspo fouled out to left . Conger flied out to right . Aybar singled to left , Kendrick scored , Trumbo to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Angels 6 .	Hamilton 's HR helps Angels edge Cardinals