Angels - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Shuck struck out swinging . Cowgill struck out swinging . Trout walked . Trumbo homered to left ( 396 feet ) , Trout scored . Nelson singled to center . Hamilton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Angels . Nunez popped out to second . Soriano struck out swinging . Cano singled to center . Rodriguez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . Iannetta struck out swinging . Field struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Angels . Wells homered to right ( 344 feet ) . Granderson singled to center . Nix grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Granderson out at second . Nix caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Overbay doubled to left . Romine struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Shuck walked . Cowgill sacrificed to catcher , Shuck to second , Cowgill safe at first on error by third baseman Nix . Trout struck out looking . Trumbo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Shuck to third , Cowgill safe at second on error by shortstop Nunez . Nelson walked , Shuck scored , Cowgill to third , Trumbo to second . Hamilton struck out swinging . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Green at second base . Field at shortstop . Vargas pitching for Angels . Nunez popped out to shortstop . Soriano struck out swinging . Cano grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Iannetta flied out to right . Field grounded out to third . Shuck flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Angels . Rodriguez flied out to center . Wells singled to center . Granderson doubled to right , Wells to third . Nix grounded out to shortstop , Wells scored . Overbay grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Cowgill grounded out to third . Trout flied out to center . Trumbo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Angels . Romine fouled out to right . Nunez singled to center . Soriano homered to left ( 400 feet ) , Nunez scored . Cano walked . Gutierrez pitching for Angels . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Gardner hit for Wells . Gardner walked , Cano to second . Gardner hit for Wells . Gardner walked , Cano to second . Granderson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Gardner in center field . Granderson in right field . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Nelson walked . Hamilton flied out to left . Nelson to second on passed ball by Romine . Green walked . Iannetta walked , Nelson to third , Green to second . Field lined into double play , left to catcher to third , Nelson doubled off third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Gutierrez pitching for Angels . Nix singled to left . Maronde pitching for Angels . Overbay walked , Nix to second . Kohn pitching for Angels . Romine sacrificed to first , Nix to third , Overbay to second . Nunez grounded out to second , Nix scored , Overbay to third . Soriano singled to right center , Overbay scored . Cano walked , Soriano to second . Rodriguez doubled to deep left , Soriano and Cano scored . Gardner popped out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Shuck singled to right . Kelley pitching for Yankees . Calhoun hit for Cowgill . Calhoun grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Shuck out at second . Trout lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Calhoun in right field . Blanton pitching for Angels . Granderson singled to right . Nix flied out to right . Overbay singled to right , Granderson to second . Romine singled to center , Granderson to third , Overbay to second . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson scored , Romine out at second , Overbay to third . Soriano homered to right ( 339 feet ) , Overbay and Nunez scored . Cano singled to right . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Kelley pitching for Yankees . Trumbo struck out swinging . Nelson flied out to left . Hamilton singled to center . Betances pitching for Yankees . Green struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Blanton pitching for Angels . Gardner singled to second . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gardner out at second . Nix lined out to right . Overbay singled to right center , Granderson to second . Romine walked , Granderson to third , Overbay to second . Nunez singled to center , Granderson and Overbay scored , Romine to second . Soriano flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 9th . Betances pitching for Yankees . Iannetta struck out swinging . Field reached on infield single to shortstop , Field to second on throwing error by shortstop Nunez . Shuck singled to right , Field scored . Calhoun singled to left , Shuck to third . Trout homered to right ( 342 feet ) , Shuck and Calhoun scored . Trumbo singled to left . Trumbo to second on fielder 's indifference . Nelson walked . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Hamilton lined out to right . Conger hit for Green . Conger struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 7 - Yankees 14 .	Soriano hits 2 HRs in Yanks ' rout