Astros - Top 1st . Richards pitching for Angels . Grossman struck out swinging . Wallace singled to right . Altuve struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Bourjos grounded out to third . Cowgill singled to right . Trout grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cowgill out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Richards pitching for Angels . Carter struck out swinging . Dominguez flied out to right . Barnes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Trumbo homered to center ( 421 feet ) . Aybar singled to left . Hamilton singled to left , Aybar to second . Nelson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hamilton out at second , Aybar to third . Iannetta grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Richards pitching for Angels . Hoes singled to right . Villar reached on infield single to third , Hoes to second . Grossman reached on infield single to shortstop , Hoes to third , Villar to second . Wallace singled to right , Hoes scored , Villar to third , Grossman to second . Altuve grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Villar scored , Wallace out at second , Grossman to third . Castro struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Green grounded out to second . Bourjos grounded out to shortstop . Cowgill singled to right . Trout singled to left , Cowgill to second . Trumbo tripled to deep right , Cowgill and Trout scored . Aybar doubled to center , Trumbo scored . Hamilton flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Richards pitching for Angels . Carter grounded out to shortstop . Dominguez singled to right . Barnes singled to left , Dominguez to second . Hoes grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Barnes out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Nelson walked . Iannetta struck out swinging . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Nelson out at second . Bourjos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Green out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Richards pitching for Angels . Villar struck out swinging . Grossman singled to center . Grossman to second on wild pitch by Richards . Wallace homered to left ( 397 feet ) , Grossman scored . Altuve singled to center . Castro struck out swinging . Carter doubled to deep right , Altuve scored . Dominguez flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Cowgill walked . Trout walked , Cowgill to second . Humber pitching for Astros . Trumbo struck out swinging . Aybar grounded out to shortstop , Cowgill to third , Trout to second . Hamilton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Richards pitching for Angels . Barnes struck out swinging . Hoes grounded out to second . Villar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Humber pitching for Astros . Nelson struck out swinging . Iannetta walked . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iannetta out at second . Bourjos grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Richards pitching for Angels . Grossman reached on infield single to first . Boshers pitching for Angels . Wallace struck out swinging . Grossman caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Altuve flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Humber pitching for Astros . Cowgill struck out swinging . Trout walked . Trout stole second . Trumbo struck out swinging . Aybar singled to left , Trout scored , Aybar to second advancing on throw . Chapman pitching for Astros . Hamilton flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . De La Rosa pitching for Angels . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Carter singled to left . Dominguez lined out to right . Barnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Zeid pitching for Astros . Nelson singled to right . Romine hit for Iannetta . Romine sacrificed to catcher , Nelson to second . Green lined out to shortstop . Bourjos grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Conger catching . Frieri pitching for Angels . Hoes singled to right , Hoes out stretching at second . Villar struck out swinging . Grossman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Fields pitching for Astros . Shuck hit for Cowgill . Shuck singled to center . Trout grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Shuck out at second . Trumbo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Trout out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 10th . Shuck in right field . Frieri pitching for Angels . Wallace struck out swinging . Altuve lined out to second . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 10th . Fields pitching for Astros . Aybar popped out to shortstop . Hamilton homered to right center ( 410 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 5 - Angels 6 .	Hamilton HR gives Angels walk - off win in 10