Indians - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Sizemore grounded out to first. DeRosa grounded out to second. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. Jeter flied out to center. Damon singled to center. Teixeira hit by pitch, Damon to second. Swisher flied out to center. Posada grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Peralta lined out to left. Choo grounded out to second. Francisco doubled to left. Shoppach walked. Graffanino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Cano singled to right. Matsui grounded out to first, Cano to second. Ransom struck out swinging. Gardner flied out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Crowe grounded out to first. Sizemore walked. DeRosa walked, Sizemore to second. Martinez flied into double play, shortstop to first, DeRosa doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Jeter reached on infield single to third. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jeter out at second. Teixeira flied out to center. Swisher doubled to left, Damon to third. Posada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Peralta doubled to right. Choo grounded out to second, Peralta to third. Francisco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta out at home. Shoppach doubled to deep left, Francisco scored. Graffanino flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Cano popped out to second. Matsui walked. Ransom flied out to right. Gardner singled to left center, Matsui to second. Matsui to third, Gardner to second on wild pitch by Lee. Jeter walked. Damon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Crowe grounded out to shortstop. Sizemore walked. Sizemore caught stealing second, catcher to second. DeRosa singled to shallow left. Martinez singled to shallow left, DeRosa to second. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Lee pitching for Indians. Teixeira struck out swinging. Swisher struck out looking. Posada homered to center. Cano walked. Matsui reached on infield single to second, Cano to second, Cano to third on throwing error by second baseman Graffanino. Ransom grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matsui out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Choo grounded out to first. Francisco walked. Shoppach struck out swinging. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Graffanino safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Ransom, Francisco to second. Crowe reached on infield single to second, Francisco to third, Graffanino to second. Coke pitching for Yankees. Sizemore flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Lee pitching for Indians. Gardner flied out to left. Jeter grounded out to second. Damon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Veras pitching for Yankees. DeRosa walked. Martinez doubled to right, DeRosa to third. Peralta doubled to right, DeRosa and Martinez scored. Marte pitching for Yankees. Choo hit by pitch. Francisco sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Peralta to third, Choo to second. Shoppach singled to shallow right, Peralta scored, Choo to third, Francisco to second. Graffanino flied out to first. Crowe walked, Choo scored, Francisco to third, Shoppach to second. Sizemore homered to right, Francisco, Shoppach and Crowe scored. DeRosa grounded out to third. Martinez homered to left. Peralta flied out to left. 9 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Cabrera hit for Teixeira. Cabrera walked. Perez pitching for Indians. Cabrera hit for Teixeira. Cabrera walked. Swisher hit by pitch, Cabrera to second. Posada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Swisher out at second, Cabrera to third. Cano singled to left, Cabrera scored. Matsui walked, Cano to second. Ransom struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Cabrera in right field. Swisher at first base. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Pena at shortstop. Choo struck out swinging. Francisco grounded out to second. Shoppach struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Perez pitching for Indians. Gardner walked. Pena struck out swinging. Damon flied out to left. Cabrera lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Graffanino reached on infield single to pitcher. Crowe singled to shallow left, Graffanino to second. Sizemore struck out looking. DeRosa flied out to left. Martinez fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Swisher flied out to center. Posada walked. Cano singled to center, Posada to second. Matsui walked, Posada to third, Cano to second. Ransom grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Matsui out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 10 - Yankees 2.	Yankees open new stadium with loss to Tribe