Yankees - Top 1st. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Jeter singled to right. Damon flied out to left. Teixeira flied out to left. Posada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury singled to right. Ellsbury to second on balk by Chamberlain. Ellsbury stole third, Ellsbury scored on Molina's passed ball. Pedroia walked. Ortiz struck out swinging. Youkilis walked, Pedroia to second. Drew grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Youkilis out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Swisher struck out looking. Cano struck out looking. Cabrera walked. Cabrera stole second. Molina walked. Ransom struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Bay singled to left center. Lowell grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bay out at second. Varitek popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Jeter grounded out to second. Damon singled to shallow center. Teixeira reached on infield single to third, Damon to second. Posada struck out looking. Swisher lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Green singled to center. Ellsbury fouled out to catcher. Pedroia doubled to left, Green to third. Ortiz struck out looking. Youkilis intentionally walked. Drew flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Cano grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to center. Molina walked, Cabrera to second. Ransom doubled to left, Cabrera scored, Molina to third. Jeter grounded out to shortstop, Molina scored. Damon struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Bay doubled to left. Lowell flied out to center. Varitek hit by pitch. Green grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bay to third, Varitek safe at second on error by pitcher Chamberlain. Ellsbury grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Green out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Teixeira grounded out to third. Posada struck out swinging. Swisher doubled to right. Cano flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Pedroia walked. Ortiz singled to right, Pedroia to second. Youkilis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ortiz out at second, Pedroia to third. Drew grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Youkilis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera flied out to center. Molina singled to left. Ransom grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Bay flied out to right. Lowell doubled to deep left. Varitek singled to left, Lowell to third. Green singled to right, Lowell scored, Varitek to second. Coke pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury flied out to center. Pedroia flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Jeter doubled to right. Damon reached on infield single to pitcher, Jeter to third. Teixeira singled to center, Jeter scored, Damon to second. Posada singled to right, Damon to third, Teixeira to second. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Swisher flied out to left. Cano hit sacrifice fly to left, Damon scored. Cabrera grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Coke pitching for Yankees. Ortiz flied out to left. Youkilis flied out to center. Drew walked. Albaladejo pitching for Yankees. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Drew out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Saito pitching for Red Sox. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Ransom walked. Ransom stole second. Jeter grounded out to second, Ransom to third. Pena ran for Ransom. Damon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Pena at third base. Albaladejo pitching for Yankees. Lowell struck out looking. Varitek grounded out to second. Green hit by pitch. Ellsbury singled to shallow center, Green to second. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Pedroia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Teixeira hit by pitch. Teixeira to second on wild pitch by Lopez. Posada walked. Swisher walked, Teixeira to third, Posada to second. Cano grounded into double play, second to catcher to first, Teixeira out at home, Posada to third, Swisher to second. Cabrera fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Gardner in center field. Cabrera in right field. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Ortiz struck out swinging. Youkilis singled to center. Drew grounded out to second, Youkilis to second. Bay homered to center, Youkilis scored. Lowell singled to left. Van Every ran for Lowell. Varitek struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 10th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Velazquez at third base. Molina singled to center. Pena sacrificed to first, Molina to second. Jeter grounded out to second, Molina to third. Damon walked. Damon to second on fielder's indifference. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 10th. Marte pitching for Yankees. Green struck out swinging. Ellsbury popped out to shortstop. Pedroia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 11th. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Posada walked. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to first, Posada out at second. Cano singled to right, Gardner to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to first, Cano out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 11th. Marte pitching for Yankees. Ortiz struck out swinging. Youkilis homered to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 4 - Red Sox 5.	Youkilis gets BoSox past Yanks \n\n