Yankees - Top 1st. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Jeter grounded out to third. Damon singled to center. Teixeira walked, Damon to second. Swisher singled to center, Damon scored, Teixeira to second. Cano flied out to center. Posada singled to left, Teixeira scored, Swisher to second. Matsui grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury flied out to left. Pedroia singled to right. Ortiz grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Pedroia out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Berroa grounded out to third. Gardner struck out looking. Jeter singled to center. Damon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Youkilis grounded out to third. Drew walked. Bay flied out to right. Lowell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Teixeira walked. Swisher struck out swinging. Cano homered to right, Teixeira scored. Posada singled to center. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Posada out at second. Berroa singled to shallow right, Matsui to third. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to second, Berroa out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Varitek grounded out to pitcher. Green grounded out to shortstop. Ellsbury popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Jeter singled to center. Damon flied out to right. Jeter stole second. Teixeira walked. Swisher struck out looking. Cano doubled to deep center, Jeter and Teixeira scored. Posada flied out to left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Pedroia walked. Ortiz fouled out to catcher. Youkilis singled to center, Pedroia to second. Drew walked, Pedroia to third, Youkilis to second. Bay singled to left, Pedroia scored, Youkilis to third, Drew to second. Lowell struck out swinging. Varitek homered to right, Youkilis, Drew and Bay scored. Green struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Matsui grounded out to second. Berroa lined out to first. Gardner flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury homered to right. Pedroia singled to left. Ortiz doubled to left, Pedroia to third. Youkilis hit by pitch. Drew grounded into double play, first to catcher to first, Pedroia out at home, Ortiz to third, Youkilis to second. Bay doubled to deep center, Ortiz and Youkilis scored. Lowell flied out to right. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Jeter walked. Damon homered to right, Jeter scored. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Teixeira struck out looking. Swisher doubled to deep left. Cano grounded out to third. Posada struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Veras pitching for Yankees. Varitek struck out swinging. Green hit by pitch. Ellsbury doubled to deep left, Green to third. Pedroia walked. Coke pitching for Yankees. Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to right, Green scored, Pedroia out at second, Ellsbury to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Matsui singled to center. Berroa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Matsui out at second. Gardner singled to left, Berroa to third. Gardner stole second. Jeter struck out swinging. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Damon safe at second on error by second baseman Pedroia, Berroa and Gardner scored. Teixeira intentionally walked. Damon picked off second. Swisher batting. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Albaladejo pitching for Yankees. Youkilis doubled to left. Drew grounded out to first, Youkilis to third. Bay intentionally walked. Lowell homered to left, Youkilis and Bay scored. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Varitek flied out to left. Green grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Swisher flied out to left. Cano homered to right. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Posada walked. Matsui doubled to deep center, Posada to third. Cabrera hit for Berroa. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Posada out at home, Matsui to third, Cabrera to second. Gardner grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Pena at third base. Ellsbury reached first base on catcher's interference. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury batting. Ellsbury stole second. Pedroia singled to center, Ellsbury scored. Marte pitching for Yankees. Pedroia to second on passed ball by Posada. Ortiz flied out to right, Pedroia to third. Youkilis intentionally walked. Drew struck out swinging. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Bay walked, Youkilis to second. Lowell doubled to deep left, Pedroia, Youkilis and Bay scored. Varitek struck out looking. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Jeter walked. Jeter to second on fielder's indifference. Damon lined out to shortstop. Teixeira walked. Swisher struck out swinging. Cano flied out to center. 0 Runs, 15 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 11 - Red Sox 16.	Red Sox rally from 6-run deficit to top Yanks