Yankees - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Braves. Jeter singled to right. Damon singled to right, Jeter to third. Teixeira grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jeter scored, Damon out at second. Rodriguez homered to center. Posada walked. Swisher singled to center, Posada to second. Gardner reached on infield single to second, Posada to third, Swisher to second. Ransom popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. McLouth flied out to center. Prado flied out to left. Jones walked. McCann walked, Jones to second. Escobar doubled to deep left, Jones scored, McCann to third. Anderson flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Pettitte grounded out to shortstop. Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop. Damon walked, Jeter to second. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to first, Damon out at second, Jeter to third. Rodriguez singled to center, Jeter scored, Teixeira to second. Posada flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Francoeur singled to right. Kotchman struck out swinging. Lowe sacrificed to pitcher, Francoeur to second. McLouth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Swisher grounded out to first. Gardner singled to center. Ransom singled to left, Gardner to third. Pettitte sacrificed to pitcher, Ransom to second. Jeter walked. Damon tripled to right, Gardner, Ransom and Jeter scored. Teixeira lined out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Prado singled to center. Jones struck out swinging. McCann flied out to center. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Prado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Rodriguez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Posada singled to center, Rodriguez to third. Medlen pitching for Braves. Swisher struck out swinging. Gardner fouled out to third. Ransom doubled to deep center, Rodriguez and Posada scored. Pettitte struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Anderson singled to left center. Francoeur doubled to left, Anderson to third. Kotchman doubled to deep right, Anderson and Francoeur scored. Diaz hit for Medlen. Diaz hit by pitch. McLouth flied out to center, Kotchman to third. Prado safe at first on error by center fielder Gardner, Kotchman scored, Diaz to second. Jones walked, Diaz to third, Prado to second. McCann struck out swinging. Escobar singled to right, Diaz and Prado scored, Jones to second. Aceves pitching for Yankees. Anderson struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Jeter safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar. Damon struck out looking. Teixeira flied out to right. Rodriguez walked, Jeter to second. Posada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 5th. Aceves pitching for Yankees. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Kotchman fouled out to first. Vazquez hit for O'Flaherty. Vazquez walked. McLouth doubled to deep right, Vazquez to third. Prado flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Logan pitching for Braves. Swisher grounded out to second. Gardner flied out to right. Ransom grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Aceves pitching for Yankees. Jones singled to right center. McCann grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Matsui hit for Aceves. Logan pitching for Braves. Matsui grounded out to first. Jeter singled to left center. Damon walked, Jeter to second. Jeter stole third. Damon stole second. Teixeira intentionally walked. Moylan pitching for Braves. Rodriguez singled to right, Jeter and Damon scored, Teixeira to third, Rodriguez to second advancing on throw. Posada intentionally walked. Swisher grounded into fielder's choice to first, Teixeira out at home, Rodriguez to third, Posada to second. Gardner struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Coke pitching for Yankees. Anderson lined out to first. Francoeur grounded out to second. Kotchman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Prado at first base. Acosta pitching for Braves. Hernandez at second base. Ransom safe at first on error by third baseman Jones. Coke struck out bunting foul. Jeter singled to right, Ransom to third. Damon singled to left, Ransom scored, Jeter to second. Teixeira struck out swinging. Rodriguez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 8th. Coke pitching for Yankees. Hernandez popped out to second. McLouth struck out swinging. Prado singled to center. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Prado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Acosta pitching for Braves. Posada grounded out to pitcher. Swisher struck out looking. Gardner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. McCann homered to right. Escobar struck out looking. Anderson singled to right. Francoeur struck out swinging. Blanco hit for Acosta. Anderson to second on fielder's indifference. Blanco reached on infield single to shortstop, Anderson to third. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Cabrera in right field. Blanco to second on fielder's indifference. Hernandez flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 11 - Braves 7.	Yanks drop Braves