Yankees - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Jeter singled to center. Damon walked, Jeter to second. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to third, Damon out at second, Jeter to third. Rodriguez doubled to center, Jeter scored, Teixeira to third. Swisher singled to left, Teixeira and Rodriguez scored. Cano flied out to center. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Swisher out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Figgins struck out looking. Izturis grounded out to second. Abreu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Ransom popped out to second. Molina singled to center. Jeter singled to left, Molina to second. Damon singled to center, Molina scored, Jeter to second. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Damon out at second, Jeter to third. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Rivera singled to center. Morales flied out to left. Rivera to second on wild pitch by Chamberlain. Napoli walked. Matthews singled to center, Rivera scored, Napoli to second. Mathis struck out swinging. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Matthews out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Swisher grounded out to second. Cano grounded out to first. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Figgins lined out to second. Izturis singled to center. Abreu flied out to center. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Ransom struck out swinging. Molina flied out to right. Jeter doubled to right. Damon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Morales singled to left. Napoli singled to center, Morales to second. Matthews struck out swinging. Mathis sacrificed to pitcher, Morales to third, Napoli to second. Aybar popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Teixeira grounded out to third. Rodriguez homered to center. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. Cano doubled to deep left center. Cabrera intentionally walked. Ransom struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Figgins singled to shallow left. Figgins stole second. Izturis fouled out to catcher. Abreu singled to left, Figgins scored. Abreu stole second. Rivera safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rodriguez. Morales homered to center, Abreu and Rivera scored. Napoli doubled to deep left center. Melancon pitching for Yankees. Matthews grounded out to second, Napoli to third. Mathis grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 6th. Bulger pitching for Angels. Molina struck out looking. Jeter singled to center. Damon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jeter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Melancon pitching for Yankees. Aybar singled to right. Figgins tripled to deep right, Aybar scored. Izturis grounded out to pitcher. Abreu singled to center, Figgins scored. Rivera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Abreu out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Teixeira singled to center. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Swisher flied out to left. Cano singled to right, Teixeira to second. Cabrera singled to left, Teixeira scored, Cano to second. Posada hit for Ransom. Posada walked, Cano to third, Cabrera to second. Matsui hit for Melancon. Oliver pitching for Angels. Matsui flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Jeter at shortstop. Posada catching. Melancon pitching for Yankees. Morales grounded out to first. Napoli safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter. Matthews grounded out to first, Napoli to second. Bruney pitching for Yankees. Mathis walked. Aybar homered to right, Napoli and Mathis scored. Figgins fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 8th. Willits in left field. Speier pitching for Angels. Jeter grounded out to third. Damon struck out looking. Teixeira popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Bruney pitching for Yankees. Izturis flied out to right. Abreu lined out to second. Willits struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Speier pitching for Angels. Rodriguez singled to center. Swisher flied out to left. Cano flied out to center. Rodriguez to second on fielder's indifference. Cabrera walked. Fuentes pitching for Angels. Posada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 6 - Angels 10.	Rallying Angels spoil Teixeira's homecoming