Athletics - Top 1st. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Kennedy grounded out to second. Cabrera doubled to deep right. Cabrera stole third. Hairston hit sacrifice fly to right, Cabrera scored. Cust struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Jeter struck out swinging. Damon struck out swinging. Teixeira struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Suzuki flied out to center. Sweeney singled to center. Barton struck out looking. Sweeney caught stealing second, catcher to second. Ellis batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez lined out to second. Posada struck out swinging. Matsui grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Ellis struck out swinging. Patterson popped out to second. Kennedy fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Cano reached on infield single to second. Swisher popped out to first. Cabrera doubled to left, Cano to third. Jeter singled to shallow right, Cano scored, Cabrera to third. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera scored, Jeter out at second. Teixeira reached on infield single to shortstop, Damon to second. Rodriguez struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Hairston flied out to center. Cust struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Posada struck out swinging. Matsui popped out to third. Cano flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Suzuki grounded out to second. Sweeney walked. Barton walked, Sweeney to second. Sweeney to third, Barton to second on wild pitch by Chamberlain. Ellis struck out swinging. Patterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Swisher walked. Cabrera reached on infield single to first, Swisher to second. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera out at second, Swisher to third. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Swisher scored, Jeter out at second. Teixeira grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Kennedy fouled out to third. Cabrera flied out to right. Hairston grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez doubled to left. Posada grounded out to second, Rodriguez to third. Matsui grounded out to second, Rodriguez scored. Cano singled to center. Swisher struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Cust flied out to left. Suzuki grounded out to first. Sweeney flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Cabrera singled to left. Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop, Cabrera to second. Damon grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Jeter out at second, Cabrera to third. Teixeira walked. Springer pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Barton walked. Ellis hit by pitch, Barton to second. Coke pitching for Yankees. Garciaparra hit for Patterson. Garciaparra struck out swinging. Kennedy flied out to right. Barton to third, Ellis to second on wild pitch by Coke. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Davis in center field. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Posada homered to left. Matsui grounded out to second. Cano walked. Swisher walked, Cano to second. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cano scored on throwing error by pitcher Casilla, Swisher safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Casilla. Jeter singled to center, Swisher scored, Cabrera to second. Damon singled to right center, Cabrera scored, Jeter to second. Teixeira walked, Jeter to third, Damon to second. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Teixeira out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 9th. Gardner in center field. Ransom at third base. Swisher at first base. Cabrera in right field. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Hairston singled to center. Cust struck out looking. Suzuki doubled to right, Hairston scored, Suzuki to third on throwing error by right fielder Cabrera. Sweeney grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki scored on Robertson's wild pitch. Barton flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Yankees 8.	Chamberlain leads Yanks to 8th straight win