Yankees - Top 1st. Danks pitching for White Sox. Jeter flied out to right. Swisher struck out swinging. Teixeira singled to deep right, Teixeira out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Podsednik singled to right. Beckham struck out swinging. Dye struck out swinging. Thome lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop, Rodriguez to second on throwing error by shortstop Nix. Posada grounded out to shortstop. Cano struck out swinging. Cabrera fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Konerko lined out to right. Pierzynski singled to left. Quentin singled to right center, Pierzynski to second. Getz singled to center, Pierzynski to third, Quentin to second. Nix walked, Pierzynski scored, Quentin to third, Getz to second. Podsednik singled to right, Quentin and Getz scored, Nix to third, Podsednik to second advancing on throw. Beckham doubled to deep right, Nix and Podsednik scored. Dye singled to right, Beckham scored. Thome grounded out to first, Dye to second. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Hairston Jr. walked. Ransom popped out to third. Jeter doubled to left, Hairston Jr. to third. Swisher popped out to second. Teixeira singled to right center, Hairston Jr. and Jeter scored. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Pierzynski flied out to right. Quentin flied out to center. Getz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Posada grounded out to third. Cano grounded out to first. Cabrera safe at first on error by shortstop Nix. Hairston Jr. singled to right center, Cabrera to third. Ransom struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Nix doubled to deep right. Podsednik grounded out to second, Nix to third. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. Dye struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Jeter grounded out to third. Swisher lined out to third. Teixeira grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko hit by pitch. Pierzynski singled to right, Konerko to second. Quentin flied out to right. Getz singled to left, Konerko to third, Pierzynski to second. Nix walked, Konerko scored, Pierzynski to third, Getz to second. Bruney pitching for Yankees. Podsednik flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez doubled to deep left. Posada walked. Cano walked, Rodriguez to third, Posada to second. Cabrera lined out to left. Hairston Jr. hit into fielder's choice to left, Rodriguez scored, Posada out at third, Cano to second. Ransom struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Bruney pitching for Yankees. Beckham safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter. Dye struck out looking. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko singled to right, Beckham to third. Kotsay ran for Konerko. Pierzynski flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 7th. Kotsay at first base. Danks pitching for White Sox. Jeter singled to shallow right. Swisher walked, Jeter to second. Pena pitching for White Sox. Teixeira grounded out to first, Jeter to third, Swisher to second. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third, Jeter scored. Posada grounded out to first, Swisher to third, Rodriguez to second. Williams pitching for White Sox. Cano grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Bruney pitching for Yankees. Quentin fouled out to third. Getz singled to center. Getz stole second. Getz stole third. Nix walked. Podsednik singled to left, Getz scored, Nix to second. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Beckham struck out looking. Dye flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Cabrera struck out looking. Hairston Jr. popped out to second. Ransom struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Coke pitching for Yankees. Thome singled to right center. Kotsay singled to right, Thome to second. Pierzynski singled to left center, Thome scored, Kotsay to third, Pierzynski to second advancing on throw. Quentin intentionally walked. Wise ran for Quentin. Getz grounded out to first, Kotsay scored, Pierzynski to third, Wise to second. Nix intentionally walked. Podsednik walked, Pierzynski scored, Wise to third, Nix to second. Beckham doubled to deep left, Wise and Nix scored, Podsednik to third. Melancon pitching for Yankees. Dye grounded into double play, shortstop to first to third, Beckham out at third. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Podsednik in left field. Wise in center field. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 4 - White Sox 14.	Podsednik, Beckham lead as ChiSox rout Yanks