Yankees - Top 1st. Penny pitching for Red Sox. Jeter hit ground rule double to right. Damon struck out looking. Teixeira walked. Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop, Jeter to third, Teixeira to second. Matsui struck out looking. Posada singled to center, Jeter and Teixeira scored, Rodriguez to second. Cano grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Hinske in left field. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury walked. Ellsbury stole second. Pedroia flied out to right, Ellsbury to third. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center, Ellsbury scored. Youkilis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Penny pitching for Red Sox. Swisher grounded out to second. Cabrera reached on infield single to third. Jeter singled to center, Cabrera to third. Hinske hit ground rule double to right, Cabrera scored, Jeter to third. Teixeira doubled to right, Jeter and Hinske scored. Teixeira to third on passed ball by Martinez. Rodriguez singled to left, Teixeira scored advancing on play. Rodriguez out stretching at second. Matsui flied out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Bay popped out to first. Ortiz walked. Lowell flied out to center. Drew grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Penny pitching for Red Sox. Posada struck out swinging, Posada safe at first on wild pitch by Penny. Cano grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Posada out at second. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Pedroia doubled to left, Pedroia out stretching at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Penny pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Jeter flied out to right. Hinske flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Youkilis popped out to first. Bay lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Penny pitching for Red Sox. Teixeira singled to center. Rodriguez singled to deep left, Teixeira to third. Bowden pitching for Red Sox. Matsui homered to right, Teixeira and Rodriguez scored. Posada walked. Posada to second on wild pitch by Bowden. Cano doubled to center, Posada scored. Swisher grounded out to second, Cano to third. Cabrera singled to center, Cano scored. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera out at second. Hinske walked, Jeter to second. Teixeira singled to right, Jeter scored, Hinske to second. Rodriguez walked, Hinske to third, Teixeira to second. Matsui popped out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Ortiz flied out to left. Lowell singled to center. Baldelli hit for Drew. Baldelli doubled to deep center, Lowell to third. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Ellsbury singled to left, Lowell and Baldelli scored. Pedroia doubled to left, Ellsbury scored. Martinez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Kotchman at first base. Green in left field. Baldelli in right field. Bowden pitching for Red Sox. Posada doubled to deep center. Cano flied out to center. Swisher singled to right, Posada to third. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Posada scored, Swisher to third. Jeter singled to center, Swisher and Cabrera scored. Jeter to second on wild pitch by Bowden. Hinske grounded out to first, Jeter to third. Teixeira flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Kotchman safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Cano. Green singled to right, Kotchman to third. Ortiz singled to center, Kotchman scored, Green to second. Bruney pitching for Yankees. Lowell singled to left, Green to third, Ortiz to second. Baldelli walked, Green scored, Ortiz to third, Lowell to second. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ortiz scored, Baldelli out at second, Lowell to third. Ellsbury popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 7th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Varitek catching. Rodriguez tripled to deep center. Matsui grounded out to first, Rodriguez scored. Posada lined out to left. Cano grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Bruney pitching for Yankees. Pedroia flied out to right. Varitek walked. Kotchman hit by pitch, Varitek to second. Green walked, Varitek to third, Kotchman to second. Marte pitching for Yankees. Ortiz flied out to left. Lowell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Saito pitching for Red Sox. Swisher struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to left. Jeter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Mitre pitching for Yankees. Baldelli grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Ellsbury grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Hinske doubled to deep center. Teixeira flied out to left. Hairston Jr. hit for Rodriguez. Hairston Jr. walked. Matsui homered to right, Hinske and Hairston Jr. scored. Posada grounded out to first. Cano safe at second on error by left fielder Green. Swisher doubled to deep center, Cano scored. Cabrera singled to right, Swisher to third, Cabrera out stretching at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Hairston Jr. at third base. Mitre pitching for Yankees. Pedroia flied out to right. Varitek homered to center. Kotchman singled to center. Green grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kotchman out at second. Ortiz doubled to deep center, Green scored. Lowell homered to left, Ortiz scored. Baldelli hit by pitch. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Baldelli out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 20 - Red Sox 11.	Yanks handle Red Sox