Angels - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Twins. Izturis singled to center. Kendrick flied out to center. Pujols flied out to center. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Angels. Span doubled to deep right. Carroll grounded out to second, Span to third. Mauer struck out swinging. Morneau flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Trumbo homered to left center (437 feet). Wells grounded out to second. Callaspo singled to center. Wilson singled to center, Callaspo to second. Bourjos doubled to deep left center, Callaspo scored, Wilson to third. Izturis singled to center, Wilson and Bourjos scored. Izturis stole second. Kendrick walked. Pujols popped out to first. Izturis stole third, Kendrick stole second, Izturis scored, Kendrick safe at third on throwing error by catcher Mauer. Hunter flied out to right. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Angels. Willingham struck out looking. Parmelee popped out to second. Valencia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Trumbo struck out swinging. Wells flied out to center. Callaspo fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Angels. Revere singled to center. Casilla singled to right, Revere to second. Span flied out to left. Carroll walked, Revere to third, Casilla to second. Mauer popped out to third. Morneau flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Wilson walked. Bourjos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilson out at second. Bourjos stole second. Izturis struck out swinging. Kendrick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Angels. Willingham struck out swinging. Parmelee struck out swinging. Valencia singled to left. Revere flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Pujols flied out to right. Hunter flied out to center. Trumbo walked. Trumbo stole second. Wells hit ground rule double to deep left, Trumbo scored. Callaspo flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Haren pitching for Angels. Casilla struck out looking. Span singled to left. Span to second on wild pitch by Haren. Carroll singled to right, Span to third. Mauer homered to right (369 feet), Span and Carroll scored. Morneau grounded out to second. Willingham reached on infield single to third. Parmelee singled to left, Willingham to second. Valencia struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop. Bourjos sacrificed to pitcher, Wilson to second. Izturis struck out looking. Kendrick struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Takahashi pitching for Angels. Revere grounded out to second. Casilla fouled out to first. Span singled to left. Carroll walked, Span to second. Mauer reached on infield single to shortstop, Span to third, Carroll to second. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Morneau flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Hunter struck out swinging. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Willingham homered to left (350 feet). Parmelee doubled to center. Valencia singled to right center, Parmelee to third, Valencia to second advancing on throw. Revere flied out to left. Burroughs hit for Casilla. Downs pitching for Angels. Hughes hit for Burroughs. Hughes hit sacrifice fly to center, Parmelee scored, Valencia to third. Span reached on infield single to first, Valencia scored. Thompson pitching for Angels. Span stole second. Carroll struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Hughes at second base. Burton pitching for Twins. Wells singled to center. Callaspo flied out to right. Morales hit for Wilson. Duensing pitching for Twins. Morales flied out to right. Wells to second on wild pitch by Duensing. Bourjos singled to left, Wells scored, Bourjos to second advancing on throw. Izturis walked. Gray pitching for Twins. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Izturis out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Iannetta catching. Thompson pitching for Angels. Mauer singled to right. Morneau homered to right (401 feet), Mauer scored. Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop. Parmelee struck out swinging. Valencia doubled to left, Willingham scored. Revere grounded out to second, Valencia to third. Hughes singled to left, Valencia scored. Hughes stole second. Span walked. Carroll grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Capps pitching for Twins. Pujols singled to left. Hunter reached on infield single to second, Pujols to third. Trumbo singled to left, Pujols scored, Hunter to second. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to third, Trumbo out at second, Hunter to third. Callaspo grounded out to first, Hunter scored, Wells to second. Iannetta grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 9 - Twins 10.	Mauer starts rally as Twins slip past Angels