Red Sox - Top 1st. Hendriks pitching for Twins. Aviles grounded out to second. Sweeney struck out swinging. Pedroia doubled to deep left. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Span grounded out to pitcher. Carroll walked. Mauer singled to right, Carroll to second. Morneau grounded into fielder's choice to first, Mauer out at second, Carroll to third. Parmelee walked, Morneau to second. Plouffe popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Hendriks pitching for Twins. Ortiz walked. Youkilis singled to center, Ortiz to second. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. Ross singled to left, Ortiz scored, Youkilis to second. Byrd lined out to center. Aviles homered to left (386 feet), Youkilis and Ross scored. Sweeney struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Burroughs grounded out to shortstop. Revere doubled to center. Casilla singled to left center, Revere scored. Casilla stole second. Span grounded out to first, Casilla to third. Carroll grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Hendriks pitching for Twins. Pedroia reached on infield single to third. Gonzalez walked, Pedroia to second. Ortiz fouled out to third. Youkilis grounded out to third, Pedroia to third, Gonzalez to second. Saltalamacchia singled to right, Pedroia and Gonzalez scored, Saltalamacchia thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. Morneau singled to left. Parmelee singled to right, Morneau to second. Plouffe struck out swinging. Burroughs flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Hendriks pitching for Twins. Ross flied out to left. Byrd reached on infield single to second. Aviles lined out to center. Sweeney lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Revere grounded out to second. Casilla singled to left. Span reached on infield single to shortstop, Casilla to second. Carroll grounded out to third, Casilla to third, Span to second. Mauer popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Hendriks pitching for Twins. Pedroia tripled to deep right. Gonzalez singled to left, Pedroia scored. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Ortiz flied out to left. Youkilis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Morneau grounded out to second. Parmelee grounded out to shortstop. Plouffe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Saltalamacchia flied out to left. Ross struck out swinging. Byrd flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. McDonald in left field. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Burroughs struck out swinging. Revere reached on bunt single to catcher. Casilla singled to center, Revere to second. Span doubled to deep right, Revere scored, Casilla to third. Carroll walked. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Mauer singled to center, Casilla and Span scored, Carroll to third. Thomas pitching for Red Sox. Morneau doubled to deep right, Carroll scored, Mauer to third. Parmelee hit by pitch. Valencia ran for Parmelee. Albers pitching for Red Sox. Plouffe singled to center, Mauer scored, Morneau to third, Valencia to second. Burroughs grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Plouffe out at second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Valencia at third base. Burroughs at first base. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Aviles grounded out to third. Sweeney singled to left. Pedroia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sweeney out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Padilla pitching for Red Sox. Revere grounded out to third. Casilla grounded out to second. Span struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Ortiz struck out swinging. Youkilis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Carroll struck out swinging. Mauer grounded out to first. Morneau flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Burton pitching for Twins. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first. McDonald grounded out to pitcher. Byrd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Valencia grounded out to shortstop. Plouffe walked. Doumit hit for Burroughs. Doumit singled to right, Plouffe to second. Revere grounded out to first, Plouffe to third, Doumit to second. Casilla hit by pitch. Span struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 7 - Twins 6.	Red Sox avoid collapse, hold off Twins in ninth