Blue Jays - Top 1st. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. Escobar struck out swinging. Bautista homered to left (371 feet). Encarnacion grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Span walked. Dozier grounded out to third, Span to second. Mauer walked. Willingham walked, Span to third, Mauer to second. Doumit singled to center, Span and Mauer scored, Willingham to third, Doumit to second advancing on throw. Plouffe struck out swinging. Parmelee grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Thames grounded out to pitcher. Lawrie grounded out to pitcher. Rasmus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Mastroianni struck out swinging. Carroll walked. Span singled to right center, Carroll to third. Span caught stealing second, catcher to second. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Lind walked. Arencibia singled to left, Lind to second. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Arencibia out at second, Lind to third. Escobar grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Mauer singled to center. Mauer to second on wild pitch by Drabek. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. Doumit struck out swinging. Plouffe grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Bautista grounded out to third. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Thames walked. Lawrie singled to right center, Thames to third. Rasmus singled to right, Thames scored, Lawrie to third, Rasmus thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Parmelee grounded out to shortstop. Mastroianni grounded out to shortstop. Carroll grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Lind safe at first on error by shortstop Dozier. Arencibia flied out to left. Johnson struck out swinging. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lind out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 5th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Span doubled to deep right. Dozier struck out swinging. Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Span to third on wild pitch by Villanueva. Mauer walked. Willingham doubled to right, Span scored, Mauer to third. Doumit intentionally walked. Plouffe struck out swinging. Parmelee walked, Mauer scored, Willingham to third, Doumit to second. Mastroianni singled to center, Willingham and Doumit scored, Parmelee to second. Carroll grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Bautista homered to left center (413 feet). Encarnacion walked. Thames homered to center (423 feet), Encarnacion scored. Burnett pitching for Twins. Lawrie singled to right. Rasmus flied out to center. Lind struck out swinging. Arencibia popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Carreno pitching for Blue Jays. Span lined out to third. Dozier bunt grounded out to pitcher. Mauer walked. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Burton pitching for Twins. Johnson struck out swinging. Escobar fouled out to first. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Carreno pitching for Blue Jays. Doumit walked. Komatsu ran for Doumit. Plouffe flied out to left, Komatsu to second. Parmelee flied out to left. Mastroianni singled to left, Komatsu scored, Mastroianni to second advancing on throw. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Encarnacion homered to left center (390 feet). Thames singled to right. Lawrie singled to left, Thames to second. Rasmus grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Lawrie out at second, Thames to third. Francisco hit for Lind. Francisco flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Bautista at first base. Francisco in right field. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Span popped out to shortstop. Dozier popped out to shortstop. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Capps pitching for Twins. Arencibia fouled out to catcher. Johnson reached on infield single to second. Johnson to second on wild pitch by Capps. Escobar grounded out to shortstop, Johnson to third. Bautista popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Twins 7.	Mastroianni breakthrough helps Twins vs. Jays