Athletics - Top 1st. Diamond pitching for Twins. Weeks singled to center. Crisp grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Weeks out at second. Reddick homered to right (387 feet). Gomes grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Blackley pitching for Athletics. Span singled to left. Mastroianni flied out to right. Mauer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Span out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Diamond pitching for Twins. Inge grounded out to third. Suzuki flied out to left. Ka'aihue homered to right (366 feet). Cowgill singled to right. Cowgill caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Rosales batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Blackley pitching for Athletics. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. Morneau struck out swinging. Doumit safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Blackley. Dozier flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Diamond pitching for Twins. Rosales struck out swinging. Weeks reached on infield single to shortstop. Crisp grounded into double play, third to second to first, Weeks out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Blackley pitching for Athletics. Plouffe struck out looking. Casilla grounded out to third. Span grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Diamond pitching for Twins. Reddick popped out to second. Gomes struck out swinging. Inge hit by pitch. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Blackley pitching for Athletics. Mastroianni struck out looking. Mauer reached on infield single to third. Willingham grounded out to second, Mauer to second. Morneau flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Diamond pitching for Twins. Ka'aihue grounded out to second. Cowgill reached on infield single to third. Rosales grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cowgill safe at second on error by third baseman Plouffe. Cowgill to third, Rosales to second on wild pitch by Diamond. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cowgill out at home. Crisp grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 5th. Blackley pitching for Athletics. Doumit walked. Dozier grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Doumit out at second. Plouffe homered to left (402 feet). Casilla grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Diamond pitching for Twins. Reddick tripled to deep center. Gomes walked. Inge grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reddick scored, Gomes out at second. Suzuki struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Norberto pitching for Athletics. Span grounded out to shortstop. Mastroianni walked. Mauer walked, Mastroianni to second. Mastroianni stole third. Willingham doubled to deep left, Mastroianni scored, Mauer to third. Morneau hit sacrifice fly to left, Mauer scored, Willingham to third. Balfour pitching for Athletics. Doumit flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Diamond pitching for Twins. Ka'aihue struck out looking. Cowgill reached on infield single to shortstop. Rosales singled to left, Cowgill to second. Gray pitching for Twins. Weeks flied out to center. Crisp popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Balfour pitching for Athletics. Dozier flied out to left. Plouffe flied out to right. Casilla walked. Span grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Gray pitching for Twins. Reddick flied out to right. Gomes walked. Inge walked, Gomes to second. Burnett pitching for Twins. Suzuki singled to center, Gomes scored, Inge to second. Ka'aihue grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Cook pitching for Athletics. Mastroianni grounded out to first. Mauer reached on infield single to shortstop. Mauer stole second. Willingham walked. Morneau doubled to left, Mauer scored, Willingham to third. Doumit hit sacrifice fly to left, Willingham scored. Dozier walked. Plouffe flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Carroll at third base. Capps pitching for Twins. Cowgill safe at first on error by second baseman Casilla. Smith hit for Rosales. Smith flied out to left. Weeks walked, Cowgill to second. Crisp grounded out to pitcher, Cowgill to third, Weeks to second. Reddick intentionally walked. Gomes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 4 - Twins 5.	Twins snap 5-game skid by extending A's slide