Twins - Top 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Span walked. Span stole second. Revere grounded out to pitcher. Mauer singled to right, Span scored, Mauer to second advancing on throw. Willingham struck out swinging. Morneau grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Diamond pitching for Twins. Choo singled to left, Choo out stretching at second. Kipnis flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Doumit flied out to center. Dozier doubled to third. Plouffe struck out swinging. Casilla grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Diamond pitching for Twins. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop. Brantley flied out to center. Duncan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Span grounded out to pitcher. Revere grounded out to pitcher. Mauer walked. Willingham doubled to deep left, Mauer to third. Morneau reached on infield single to third, Mauer scored, Willingham to third. Doumit struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Diamond pitching for Twins. LaPorta struck out swinging. Cunningham grounded out to third. Marson safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Dozier. Choo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Dozier reached on bunt single to third. Dozier to second on wild pitch by Masterson. Plouffe reached on bunt single to pitcher, Dozier to third. Casilla hit sacrifice fly to center, Dozier scored, Plouffe to second. Span flied out to right, Plouffe to third. Revere grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Diamond pitching for Twins. Kipnis safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Dozier. Cabrera singled to center, Kipnis to third. Lopez hit sacrifice fly to center, Kipnis scored. Brantley grounded out to first, Cabrera to second. Duncan singled to center, Cabrera scored. LaPorta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Duncan out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Mauer flied out to center. Willingham flied out to center. Morneau grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Diamond pitching for Twins. Cunningham grounded out to third. Marson flied out to right. Choo hit ground rule double to deep center. Kipnis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Doumit grounded out to third. Dozier walked. Plouffe singled to left center, Dozier to third. Casilla grounded into fielder's choice to first, Dozier out at home, Plouffe to second. Span grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Diamond pitching for Twins. Cabrera bunt grounded out to pitcher. Lopez grounded out to third. Brantley singled to left. Duncan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Hagadone pitching for Indians. Revere reached on bunt single to first. Mauer struck out swinging. Revere stole second. Willingham doubled to left, Revere scored. Morneau struck out swinging. Doumit singled to left, Willingham scored. Accardo pitching for Indians. Dozier struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Diamond pitching for Twins. LaPorta safe at first on error by third baseman Plouffe. Cunningham popped out to second. Marson doubled to deep center, LaPorta scored. Choo grounded out to first, Marson to third. Kipnis grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 8th. Accardo pitching for Indians. Plouffe doubled to deep center, Plouffe to third on throwing error by center fielder Brantley. Casilla hit sacrifice fly to center, Plouffe scored. Span struck out swinging. Revere grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 8th. Carroll at third base. Perkins pitching for Twins. Cabrera flied out to left. Lopez flied out to left. Brantley singled to center. Duncan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Perez pitching for Indians. Mastroianni hit for Mauer. Mastroianni flied out to right. Willingham grounded out to third. Morneau popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Capps pitching for Twins. LaPorta singled to left. Kotchman hit for Cunningham. Kotchman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, LaPorta out at second. Chisenhall hit for Marson. Chisenhall flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 6 - Indians 3.	Diamond helps Twins take series from Indians