Phillies - Top 1st. Walters pitching for Twins. Rollins singled to right. Pierre singled to right center, Rollins to second. Pence singled to center, Rollins to third, Pierre to second. Thome singled to right center, Rollins and Pierre scored, Pence to second. Manship pitching for Twins. Victorino flied out to center. Ruiz singled to right, Pence scored, Thome to second. Polanco flied out to left. Mayberry Jr. homered to left (409 feet), Thome and Ruiz scored. Martinez grounded out to first. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Span singled to center. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to second, Span out at second. Mauer struck out swinging. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Revere out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Manship pitching for Twins. Rollins struck out swinging. Pierre flied out to left. Pence reached on infield single to shortstop. Thome walked, Pence to second. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Thome out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Morneau flied out to right. Doumit struck out looking. Plouffe homered to left (395 feet). Dozier flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Manship pitching for Twins. Ruiz doubled to deep center. Polanco grounded out to third. Mayberry Jr. doubled to left, Ruiz scored. Martinez flied out to left. Rollins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Carroll singled to right. Span lined out to center. Carroll stole second. Revere singled to right, Carroll to third. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Carroll scored, Revere safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Martinez, Mauer safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Martinez. Willingham grounded out to third, Revere scored. Morneau walked. Doumit struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 4th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Pierre grounded out to first. Pence singled to left. Thome homered to center (459 feet), Pence scored. Victorino grounded out to shortstop. Ruiz walked. Polanco grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Plouffe struck out swinging. Dozier struck out swinging. Carroll grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Mayberry Jr. grounded out to second. Martinez walked. Rollins grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Span reached on infield single to third. Revere grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Span out at second. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Pierre singled to right. Pence flied out to right. Thome grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Pierre out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Willingham homered to center (419 feet). Morneau flied out to right. Doumit grounded out to third. Plouffe struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Victorino grounded out to first. Ruiz doubled to left. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ruiz out at third. Mayberry Jr. grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Dozier doubled to deep center. Carroll walked. Span doubled to left, Dozier scored, Carroll to third. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. Revere singled to left center, Carroll scored, Span to third. Mauer singled to right, Span scored, Revere to second. Revere to third, Mauer to second on wild pitch by Bastardo. Willingham struck out swinging. Morneau grounded out to second, Revere scored, Mauer to third. Doumit struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Gray pitching for Twins. Martinez grounded out to second. Rollins flied out to center. Pierre singled to center. Pierre to second on balk by Gray. Pence grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Wigginton at first base. Mayberry Jr. in left field. Qualls pitching for Phillies. Plouffe struck out swinging. Dozier struck out swinging. Carroll struck out swinging, Carroll safe at first on wild pitch by Qualls. Papelbon pitching for Phillies. Span lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Thome safe at first on error by pitcher Perkins. Fontenot ran for Thome. Victorino doubled to left, Fontenot to third. Ruiz intentionally walked. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fontenot out at home, Victorino to third, Ruiz to second. Mayberry Jr. struck out swinging. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 9th. Papelbon pitching for Phillies. Revere grounded out to second. Mauer struck out swinging. Willingham popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 9 - Twins 8.	Thome drills long homer as Phils hold off Twins