Royals - Top 1st. Duensing pitching for Twins. Gordon doubled to left. Betancourt grounded out to third. Moustakas grounded out to shortstop, Gordon to third. Butler singled to center, Gordon scored. Francoeur flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Span grounded out to first. Revere singled to center. Revere caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Duensing pitching for Twins. Hosmer flied out to center. Perez homered to right (369 feet). Bourgeois reached on infield single to shortstop. Escobar reached on infield single to second, Bourgeois to second. Gordon fouled out to third. Betancourt fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Willingham flied out to center. Morneau singled to center. Plouffe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morneau out at second. Plouffe to second on wild pitch by Mendoza. Doumit singled to left center, Plouffe scored. Dozier flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Duensing pitching for Twins. Moustakas fouled out to third. Butler flied out to center. Francoeur struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Carroll grounded out to third. Span grounded out to first. Revere grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Hosmer grounded out to shortstop. Perez popped out to first. Bourgeois fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Mauer singled to left. Willingham grounded into double play, third to second to first, Mauer out at second. Morneau singled to center. Plouffe flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Escobar reached on bunt single to pitcher. Gordon singled to left, Escobar to second. Betancourt doubled to left center, Escobar scored, Gordon to third. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Moustakas popped out to shortstop. Butler intentionally walked. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gordon out at home, Betancourt to third, Butler to second. Hosmer flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Doumit struck out looking. Dozier flied out to center. Carroll grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Perez singled to center. Bourgeois grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Perez out at second. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Span grounded out to first. Revere struck out swinging. Mauer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Robertson pitching for Twins. Gordon struck out swinging. Betancourt singled to left. Moustakas struck out swinging. Waldrop pitching for Twins. Butler walked, Betancourt to second. Francoeur hit by pitch, Betancourt to third, Butler to second. Hosmer reached on infield single to second, Betancourt scored, Butler to third, Francoeur to second. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hosmer out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Dyson in center field. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Willingham struck out swinging. Morneau flied out to center. Plouffe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Waldrop pitching for Twins. Dyson grounded out to pitcher. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Gordon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Doumit grounded out to first. Dozier struck out looking. Carroll flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Betancourt lined out to left. Moustakas flied out to left. Butler walked. Francoeur grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Broxton pitching for Royals. Span walked. Revere reached on infield single to first, Span to second. Mauer doubled to left, Span scored, Revere to third. Willingham grounded out to shortstop, Revere scored. Morneau flied out to center, Mauer to third. Plouffe fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - Twins 3.	Mendoza sharp as Royals win 4th straight game