Twins - Top 1st. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Span reached on bunt single to third. Revere walked, Span to second. Mauer walked, Span to third, Revere to second. Willingham grounded into double play, third to second to first, Span scored, Mauer out at second, Revere to third. Doumit grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Liriano pitching for Twins. De Aza singled to center. De Aza stole second. Youkilis walked. Dunn lined out to shortstop. Konerko homered to right (370 feet), De Aza and Youkilis scored. Rios struck out swinging. Pierzynski flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Dozier singled to center. Casilla flied out to left. Butera singled to shallow right, Dozier to third. Dozier scored on Floyd's wild pitch. Carroll walked, Butera to second. Span flied out to center. Revere grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Viciedo lined out to right. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Beckham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Mauer walked. Willingham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mauer out at second. Doumit grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Liriano pitching for Twins. De Aza hit ground rule double to deep left center. Youkilis flied out to left. Dunn homered to center (411 feet), De Aza scored. Konerko singled to center. Rios homered to left (441 feet), Konerko scored. Pierzynski doubled to deep right center. Viciedo flied out to center. Duensing pitching for Twins. Ramirez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Dozier reached on bunt single to third. Casilla grounded into fielder's choice to first, Dozier out at second. Butera grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Casilla out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Beckham flied out to right. De Aza singled to shallow left. Youkilis flied out to right. Dunn grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Carroll singled to right. Span grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carroll out at second. Revere walked. Mauer singled to center, Revere to third, Revere scored, Mauer to second on throwing error by center fielder De Aza. Willingham grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Konerko singled to left. Rios grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Konerko out at second. Pierzynski hit by pitch. Viciedo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierzynski out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Doumit flied out to right. Dozier safe at first on error by third baseman Youkilis, Dozier to second on throwing error by third baseman Youkilis. Casilla grounded out to shortstop, Dozier to third. Butera walked. Carroll struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Ramirez flied out to center. Beckham struck out swinging. De Aza grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Span singled to left. Revere reached on bunt single to pitcher, Span to second. Mauer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Revere out at second, Span to third. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Youkilis singled to left. Dunn grounded out to third, Youkilis to second. Konerko grounded out to third, Youkilis to third. Burnett pitching for Twins. Rios grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Crain pitching for White Sox. Doumit homered to right (396 feet). Dozier struck out swinging. Casilla reached on infield single to shortstop. Parmelee hit for Butera. Casilla stole second. Parmelee popped out to second. Myers pitching for White Sox. Carroll lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Mauer catching. Parmelee at first base. Burnett pitching for Twins. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Viciedo popped out to second. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Reed pitching for White Sox. Span doubled to right. Revere grounded out to shortstop, Span to third. Mauer lined out to shortstop. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 4 - White Sox 7.	Dunn belts 29th homer as White Sox snap skid