Twins - Top 1st. Kluber pitching for Indians. Span struck out swinging. Revere singled to right. Mauer walked, Revere to second. Willingham flied out to left. Morneau singled to center, Revere scored, Mauer to third. Doumit flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Deduno pitching for Twins. Kipnis hit by pitch. Cabrera singled to right center, Kipnis to third. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kipnis scored, Cabrera out at second. Santana grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Choo out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Nishioka grounded out to shortstop. Dozier fouled out to third. Carroll flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Deduno pitching for Twins. Brantley walked. Kotchman grounded out to pitcher, Brantley to second. Duncan homered to left (381 feet), Brantley scored. Hannahan singled to right. Carrera struck out swinging. Kipnis walked, Hannahan to second. Cabrera singled to center, Hannahan scored, Kipnis to third. Cabrera stole second. Choo struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Span grounded out to second. Revere fouled out to left. Mauer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Deduno pitching for Twins. Santana walked. Brantley singled to left, Santana to second. Kotchman grounded out to first, Santana to third, Brantley to second. Duncan walked. Hannahan grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Duncan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Willingham flied out to left. Morneau flied out to center. Doumit singled to left center. Nishioka walked, Doumit to second. Dozier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nishioka out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Deduno pitching for Twins. Carrera grounded out to first. Kipnis struck out swinging. Cabrera walked. Choo safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Carroll, Cabrera to third. Santana flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 5th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Carroll grounded out to pitcher. Span doubled to deep right center. Revere walked. Mauer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Revere out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Manship pitching for Twins. Brantley struck out looking. Kotchman doubled to deep right. Duncan struck out swinging. Hannahan walked. Carrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Willingham struck out looking. Morneau struck out looking. Doumit doubled to deep center. Nishioka grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Manship pitching for Twins. Kipnis walked. Cabrera flied out to left. Choo struck out looking. Santana doubled to deep right, Kipnis scored, Santana thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Dozier doubled to right. Carroll safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera, Dozier to third. Sipp pitching for Indians. Span popped out to second. Revere grounded out to second, Dozier scored, Carroll to second. Mauer walked. Smith pitching for Indians. Willingham hit by pitch, Carroll to third, Mauer to second. Morneau safe at first on error by second baseman Kipnis, Carroll and Mauer scored, Willingham to third. Seddon pitching for Indians. Doumit grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Robertson pitching for Twins. Brantley singled to center. Kotchman bunt popped out foul to catcher. Duncan flied out to right. Brantley stole second. Hannahan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Pestano pitching for Indians. Nishioka grounded out to third. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Carroll singled to right. Span walked, Carroll to second. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Span out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Robertson pitching for Twins. Carrera reached on bunt single to first. Kipnis sacrificed to third, Carrera to second. Cabrera intentionally walked. Choo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Perez pitching for Indians. Mauer struck out swinging. Willingham singled to center. Mastroianni ran for Willingham. Mastroianni stole second. Morneau safe at first on error by first baseman Kotchman, Mastroianni scored. Doumit doubled to deep center, Morneau to third. Nishioka hit sacrifice fly to left, Morneau scored. Dozier singled to shallow left, Doumit scored. Carroll singled to left center, Dozier to third. Span walked, Carroll to second. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Span out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 9th. Mastroianni in left field. Perkins pitching for Twins. Santana flied out to center. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. Kotchman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 7 - Indians 5.	Twins rally to deal Indians 11th straight loss