Twins - Top 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Span struck out swinging. Revere flied out to center. Mauer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Duensing pitching for Twins. Kipnis walked. Kipnis stole second. Cabrera grounded out to third. Choo doubled to deep center, Kipnis scored. Santana singled to center, Choo scored. Brantley flied out to right. Duncan struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Willingham struck out looking. Morneau struck out swinging. Doumit grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Duensing pitching for Twins. Marson fouled out to first. Kotchman singled to right. Lillibridge grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kotchman safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Nishioka. Kipnis struck out looking. Cabrera singled to left, Kotchman scored, Lillibridge to third. Choo singled to left, Lillibridge scored, Cabrera to second. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Choo out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Nishioka lined out to left. Dozier walked. Casilla singled to right, Dozier to second. Span grounded out to third, Dozier to third, Casilla to second. Revere grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Duensing pitching for Twins. Brantley grounded out to first. Duncan grounded out to third. Marson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Mauer walked. Willingham struck out looking. Morneau walked, Mauer to second. Doumit flied out to left. Nishioka lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Kotchman singled to left center. Lillibridge flied out to right. Kipnis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kotchman out at second. Kipnis stole second. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Dozier walked. Casilla homered to right (408 feet), Dozier scored. Span doubled to deep right. Revere struck out swinging. Mauer grounded out to first, Span to third. Willingham struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Choo singled to center. Santana grounded into double play, third to second to first, Choo out at second. Brantley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Morneau struck out swinging. Doumit grounded out to second. Nishioka grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Duncan doubled to right. Carrera ran for Duncan. Marson sacrificed to pitcher, Carrera to third. Kotchman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Carrera scored. Lillibridge doubled to left, Kotchman to third. Kipnis hit sacrifice fly to center, Kotchman scored. Cabrera flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Carrera in left field. Masterson pitching for Indians. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Casilla grounded out to second. Span grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Choo singled to center. Santana flied into double play, center to second to first, Choo doubled off first. Brantley singled to center. Carrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Pestano pitching for Indians. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Mauer flied out to center. Willingham popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Fien pitching for Twins. Marson popped out to second. Kotchman walked. Lillibridge grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kotchman out at second. Lillibridge stole second. Kipnis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Rogers pitching for Indians. Morneau popped out to shortstop. Doumit singled to center. Nishioka grounded into fielder's choice to second, Doumit out at second. Dozier grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nishioka out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 2 - Indians 6.	Masterson, Choo help Indians end long skid \n