Indians - Top 1st. Hendriks pitching for Twins. Choo singled to left. Kipnis struck out looking. Cabrera walked, Choo to second. Santana lined out to left. Brantley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Gomez pitching for Indians. Revere struck out looking. Escobar lined out to third. Mauer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Hendriks pitching for Twins. Canzler walked. Kotchman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Canzler out at second. Rottino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Gomez pitching for Indians. Willingham walked. Morneau walked, Willingham to second. Doumit grounded into fielder's choice to second, Morneau out at second, Willingham to third. Parmelee hit sacrifice fly to left, Willingham scored, Doumit to second. Plouffe struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Hendriks pitching for Twins. Hannahan singled to center. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hannahan out at second. Kipnis flied out to right. Choo stole second. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Gomez pitching for Indians. Florimon singled to center. Revere singled to left center, Florimon to second. Escobar sacrificed to catcher, Florimon to third, Revere to second. Mauer intentionally walked. Willingham doubled to deep right, Florimon and Revere scored, Mauer to third. Morneau hit sacrifice fly to right, Mauer scored, Willingham to third. Doumit flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Hendriks pitching for Twins. Santana popped out to first. Brantley singled to right. Canzler homered to left center (391 feet), Brantley scored. Kotchman grounded out to second. Rottino grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Huff pitching for Indians. Parmelee struck out swinging. Plouffe struck out looking. Florimon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Hendriks pitching for Twins. Hannahan doubled to deep right. Choo singled to center, Hannahan scored. Kipnis doubled to left, Choo to third. Cabrera popped out to second. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to first, Choo out at home, Kipnis to third, Santana to second. Brantley intentionally walked. Canzler reached on infield single to third, Kipnis scored, Santana to third, Brantley to second. Kotchman grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Huff pitching for Indians. Revere lined out to left. Escobar lined out to center. Mauer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Robertson pitching for Twins. Rottino grounded out to pitcher. Hannahan lined out to left. Choo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Huff pitching for Indians. Willingham flied out to right. Morneau flied out to left. Doumit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Robertson pitching for Twins. Kipnis walked. Kipnis caught stealing second, Kipnis safe at second on error by Florimon. Cabrera walked. Burnett pitching for Twins. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera out at second, Kipnis to third. Brantley singled to right, Kipnis scored, Santana to second. Canzler reached on infield single to shortstop, Santana to third, Brantley to second. Kotchman reached on infield single to pitcher, Santana scored, Brantley to third, Canzler to second. Phelps hit for Rottino. Phelps walked, Brantley scored, Canzler to third, Kotchman to second. Waldrop pitching for Twins. Hannahan grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Canzler out at home. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 7th. Carrera in left field. Huff pitching for Indians. Parmelee flied out to center. Smith pitching for Indians. Plouffe walked. Florimon singled to right, Plouffe to second. Revere grounded out to pitcher, Plouffe to third, Florimon to second. Escobar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Waldrop pitching for Twins. Choo reached on infield single to third. Kipnis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Choo out at second. Kipnis stole second. Cabrera walked. Kipnis to third, Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Waldrop. Santana grounded out to first. Brantley intentionally walked. Canzler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Pestano pitching for Indians. Mauer singled to center. Willingham doubled to deep left, Mauer scored. Morneau popped out to third. Doumit popped out to third. Parmelee flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Kotchman grounded out to second. Carrera grounded out to pitcher. Hannahan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Perez pitching for Indians. Plouffe doubled to right. Casilla ran for Plouffe. Florimon grounded out to shortstop, Casilla to third. Revere grounded out to third, Casilla scored. Carson hit for Escobar. Carson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 7 - Twins 6.	Canzler's 1st homer sends Indians past Twins