Giants - Top 1st. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Lewis singled to center. Renteria grounded into double play, second to first, Lewis out at second. Winn lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Zito pitching for Giants. Furcal doubled to deep left center. Hudson struck out swinging. Ethier struck out swinging. Kemp lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Sandoval grounded out to pitcher. Rowand popped out to second. Ishikawa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Zito pitching for Giants. Martin singled to right. Loretta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martin out at second. Blake flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Uribe lined out to right. Burriss singled to center. Zito sacrificed to pitcher, Burriss to second. Lewis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Zito pitching for Giants. Billingsley struck out swinging. Pierre hit by pitch. Furcal grounded out to pitcher, Pierre to second. Hudson walked. Pierre caught stealing third, catcher to third. Ethier batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Renteria walked. Winn grounded out to first, Renteria to second. Sandoval grounded out to first, Renteria to third. Rowand walked. Ishikawa hit by pitch, Rowand to second. Uribe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Zito pitching for Giants. Ethier singled to left. Kemp lined out to center. Martin flied out to center. Loretta popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Burriss struck out swinging. Zito struck out swinging. Lewis singled to center. Lewis caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Renteria batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Zito pitching for Giants. Blake flied out to right. Billingsley singled to right. Pierre singled to center, Billingsley to second. Furcal struck out looking. Hudson walked, Billingsley to third, Pierre to second. Ethier fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Renteria reached on infield single to shortstop. Winn singled to center, Renteria to second. Sandoval flied out to center, Renteria to third. Rowand hit sacrifice fly to right, Renteria scored. Ishikawa struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Zito pitching for Giants. Kemp reached on infield single to shortstop. Martin singled to left, Kemp to third, Martin out stretching at second. Loretta struck out swinging. Blake doubled to deep left, Kemp scored. Billingsley grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Uribe singled to center. Burriss reached on infield single to shortstop, Uribe to second. Velez hit for Zito. Velez sacrificed to third, Uribe to third, Burriss to second. Lewis intentionally walked. Renteria hit sacrifice fly to center, Uribe scored, Burriss to third. Winn walked, Lewis to second. Sandoval reached on infield single to shortstop, Burriss scored, Lewis to third, Winn to second. Rowand lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Velez in left field. Pierre walked. Furcal grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pierre out at second. Hudson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Ishikawa struck out swinging. Uribe reached on infield single to shortstop. Burriss flied out to center. Velez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Uribe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Ethier grounded out to third. Valdez pitching for Giants. Kemp struck out swinging. Martin walked. Loretta walked, Martin to second. Schierholtz in right field. Winn in left field. Wilson pitching for Giants. Paul ran for Loretta. Blake struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Loney at first base. Schierholtz flied out to left. Renteria singled to right. Renteria caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Winn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Wilson pitching for Giants. Loney singled to center. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Loney out at second. Furcal grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pierre out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 3 - Dodgers 1.	Zito earns first win as Giants edge Dodgers