Nationals - Top 1st. Zito pitching for Giants. Guzman singled to left. Johnson singled to right, Guzman to second. Zimmerman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Johnson out at second, Guzman to third. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Martis pitching for Nationals. Burriss walked. Renteria reached on infield single to third, Burriss to second. Winn grounded out to first, Burriss to third, Renteria to second. Sandoval grounded out to pitcher. Ishikawa hit by pitch. Rowand fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Zito pitching for Giants. Dukes struck out swinging. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. Belliard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Martis pitching for Nationals. Schierholtz grounded out to shortstop. Holm fouled out to catcher. Zito lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Zito pitching for Giants. Nieves grounded out to shortstop. Martis safe at first on error by pitcher Zito. Guzman flied out to center. Johnson reached on infield single to third, Martis to second. Zimmerman walked, Martis to third, Johnson to second. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Martis pitching for Nationals. Burriss lined out to center. Renteria struck out swinging. Winn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Zito pitching for Giants. Dukes doubled to deep left. Kearns popped out to second. Dukes caught stealing third, catcher to third. Belliard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Martis pitching for Nationals. Sandoval flied out to center. Ishikawa singled to right. Rowand popped out to second. Schierholtz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Zito pitching for Giants. Nieves grounded out to third. Martis doubled to right center. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Johnson doubled to deep right, Martis scored. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Martis pitching for Nationals. Holm grounded out to third. Zito lined out to shortstop. Burriss grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Zito pitching for Giants. Willingham flied out to center. Dukes grounded out to shortstop. Kearns walked. Belliard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Martis pitching for Nationals. Renteria grounded out to third. Winn walked. Sandoval struck out swinging, Winn stole second. Ishikawa grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Zito pitching for Giants. Nieves singled to left. Martis sacrificed to pitcher, Nieves to second. Guzman singled to left, Nieves to third. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Nieves scored, Guzman to second. Guzman to third, Johnson to second on wild pitch by Zito. Zimmerman intentionally walked. Valdez pitching for Giants. Aurilia at first base. Willingham lined out to third. Dukes singled to center, Guzman and Johnson scored, Zimmerman to second. Kearns grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Martis pitching for Nationals. Rowand walked. Schierholtz flied out to center. Holm walked, Rowand to second. Rowand to third, Holm to second on wild pitch by Martis. Aurilia hit sacrifice fly to left, Rowand scored, Holm to third. Burriss grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Giants. Belliard struck out swinging. Nieves struck out swinging. Dunn hit for Martis. Dunn popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Beimel pitching for Nationals. Renteria doubled to left. Winn grounded out to second, Renteria to third. Sandoval singled to center, Renteria scored. Molina hit for Miller. Wells pitching for Nationals. Molina flied out to left. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Misch pitching for Giants. Guzman doubled to left. Johnson singled to left center, Guzman to third. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. Willingham doubled to center, Guzman scored, Zimmerman to third. Dukes grounded into fielder's choice to first, Zimmerman scored, Willingham to third. Dukes caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second to first. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Wells pitching for Nationals. Schierholtz tripled to deep right center. Lewis hit for Holm. Lewis doubled to deep left center, Schierholtz scored. Aurilia struck out swinging. Burriss grounded out to shortstop, Lewis to third. Renteria popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 6 - Giants 3.	Giants end Zimmerman's 30-game hit streak \n\n