Padres - Top 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Cabrera walked. Gwynn struck out swinging. Gonzalez lined into double play, second to first, Cabrera doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Geer pitching for Padres. Winn struck out swinging. Schierholtz flied out to center. Sandoval singled to center. Molina homered to left, Sandoval scored. Bowker struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. Headley grounded out to second. Venable walked. Alfonzo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Geer pitching for Padres. Renteria safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera. Ishikawa lined into double play, to first, Renteria doubled off first. Uribe flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Rodriguez grounded out to first. Geer flied out to right. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Geer pitching for Padres. Lincecum struck out swinging. Winn grounded out to pitcher. Schierholtz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Gwynn flied out to center. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Geer pitching for Padres. Sandoval flied out to left. Molina grounded out to third. Bowker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Headley struck out swinging. Venable grounded out to second. Alfonzo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Geer pitching for Padres. Renteria struck out swinging. Ishikawa homered to left. Uribe homered to center. Lincecum singled to left. Winn flied out to right. Schierholtz singled to right, Lincecum to second. Sandoval doubled to deep right center, Lincecum and Schierholtz scored. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Molina struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Perdomo struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Bowker walked. Renteria flied out to right. Ishikawa singled to right, Bowker to second. Uribe walked, Bowker to third, Ishikawa to second. Lincecum struck out swinging. Winn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Gwynn singled to left. Gonzalez singled to right, Gwynn to second. Kouzmanoff singled to right, Gwynn scored, Gonzalez to second, Gonzalez to third, Kouzmanoff to second on throwing error by right fielder Schierholtz. Headley grounded out to first, Gonzalez scored, Kouzmanoff to third. Venable struck out swinging. Alfonzo walked. Rodriguez walked, Alfonzo to second. Romo pitching for Giants. Gonzalez hit for Perdomo. Gonzalez walked, Kouzmanoff scored, Alfonzo to third, Rodriguez to second. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 7th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Schierholtz struck out swinging. Sandoval grounded out to shortstop. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Gwynn struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Kouzmanoff safe at first on error by shortstop Renteria. Headley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kouzmanoff out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 8th. Meredith pitching for Padres. Bowker grounded out to first. Renteria walked. Ishikawa singled to right, Renteria to third. Uribe singled to left, Renteria scored, Ishikawa to second. Torres hit for Affeldt. Ishikawa to third, Uribe to second on passed ball by Alfonzo. Torres grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ishikawa out at home, Uribe to third. Winn singled to center, Uribe scored, Torres to third. Schierholtz reached on infield single to shortstop, Torres scored, Winn to second. Sandoval flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Winn in left field. Howry pitching for Giants. Torres in center field. Venable popped out to third. Alfonzo struck out swinging. Rodriguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 3 - Giants 9.	Lincecum takes no-hit bid to 7th, Giants win \n\n