Giants - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Winn grounded out to pitcher. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Sandoval grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Giants. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Fowler tripled to deep left. Helton grounded out to first, Fowler scored. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Molina doubled to deep center. Garko grounded out to second, Molina to third. Rowand singled to left, Molina scored. Schierholtz homered to right, Rowand scored. Uribe struck out swinging. Martinez hit ground rule double to deep left. Winn grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Giants. Hawpe grounded out to pitcher. Stewart singled to center. Barmes flied out to left. Torrealba grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Renteria lined out to second. Sandoval doubled to deep right center. Molina struck out swinging. Sandoval to third on wild pitch by De La Rosa. Garko homered to left, Sandoval scored. Rowand struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Giants. De La Rosa grounded out to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Fowler walked. Helton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Schierholtz flied out to left. Uribe struck out swinging. Martinez singled to center. Martinez to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa. Winn singled to left center, Martinez scored. Renteria flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Giants. Tulowitzki singled to center. Hawpe doubled to deep left, Tulowitzki to third. Stewart hit sacrifice fly to right, Tulowitzki scored, Hawpe to third on error by third baseman Sandoval. Barmes singled to center, Hawpe scored. Torrealba struck out swinging, Barmes stole second. De La Rosa grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Sandoval grounded out to third. Molina walked. Garko popped into double play, second to pitcher, Molina doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Giants. Gonzalez singled to center. Fowler bunt popped out foul to first. Helton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Rowand struck out swinging. Schierholtz grounded out to first. Uribe flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Giants. Tulowitzki singled to center. Hawpe singled to center, Tulowitzki to third, Hawpe to second advancing on throw. Stewart homered to left, Tulowitzki and Hawpe scored. Miller pitching for Giants. Velez at second base. Barmes popped out to shortstop. Torrealba singled to center. Smith hit for De La Rosa. Smith tripled to right, Torrealba scored. Gonzalez walked. Fowler tripled to deep right, Gonzalez scored. Fowler scored on Miller's wild pitch. Helton homered to right. Tulowitzki walked. Valdez pitching for Giants. Hawpe struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Morales pitching for Rockies. Velez struck out swinging. Winn flied out to left. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Valdez pitching for Giants. Stewart flied out to left. Barmes singled to left center. Barmes stole second. Torrealba walked. Spilborghs hit for Morales. Spilborghs singled to right center, Barmes scored, Torrealba to second. Gonzalez walked, Torrealba to third, Spilborghs to second. Fowler walked, Torrealba scored, Spilborghs to third, Gonzalez to second. Howry pitching for Giants. Lewis in left field. Helton walked, Spilborghs scored, Gonzalez to third, Fowler to second. Tulowitzki hit sacrifice fly to right, Gonzalez scored, Fowler to third. Hawpe grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Quintanilla at shortstop. Atkins at first base. Daley pitching for Rockies. Spilborghs in right field. Sandoval doubled to deep right center. Molina struck out swinging. Garko homered to left, Sandoval scored. Rowand homered to left. Schierholtz flied out to center. Lewis walked. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Velez lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Howry pitching for Giants. Stewart struck out looking. Barmes popped out to second. Torrealba flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Ishikawa hit for Howry. Ishikawa safe at first on error by second baseman Barmes. Renteria popped out to second. Sandoval homered to left, Ishikawa scored. Street pitching for Rockies. Molina struck out swinging. Garko struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 11 - Rockies 14.	Rockies rally past Giants, pad wild-card lead