Mets - Top 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Cowgill reached on infield single to third . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cowgill out at second . Wright grounded into double play , third to second to first , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Laffey pitching for Mets . Young Jr. singled to right . Rutledge singled to right , Young Jr. to third . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center , Young Jr. scored . Cuddyer singled to left center , Rutledge to second . Pacheco struck out swinging , Rutledge stole third , Cuddyer stole second . Nelson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Byrd struck out swinging . Duda reached on infield single to third . Turner grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Duda safe at second on error by shortstop Brignac . Tejada singled to right , Duda scored , Turner to third , Tejada out stretching at second . Recker intentionally walked . Laffey struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Laffey pitching for Mets . Torrealba grounded out to first . Brignac struck out swinging . Francis hit by pitch . Young Jr. grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Cowgill reached on bunt single to pitcher . Murphy doubled to right , Cowgill to third . Wright walked . Byrd hit sacrifice fly to center , Murphy scored . Duda flied out to left . Wright stole second . Wright safe at third on throwing error by catcher Torrealba . Turner struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Laffey pitching for Mets . Rutledge walked . Gonzalez singled to center , Rutledge to third . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rutledge scored , Gonzalez out at second . Cuddyer caught stealing second , catcher to second . Pacheco flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Tejada struck out swinging . Recker grounded out to third . Laffey grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Laffey pitching for Mets . Nelson struck out swinging . Torrealba walked . Brignac walked , Torrealba to second . Francis bunted into double play , catcher to third to second , Torrealba out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Cowgill reached on infield single to third . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cowgill out at second . Murphy to second on wild pitch by Francis . Wright walked . Murphy to third , Wright to second on wild pitch by Francis . Byrd singled to right , Murphy and Wright scored . Duda walked , Byrd to second . Turner singled to left center , Byrd scored , Duda to second . Tejada singled to center , Duda scored , Turner to second . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Recker walked , Turner to third , Tejada to second . Valdespin hit for Laffey . Valdespin reached on infield single to second , Turner scored , Tejada to third , Recker to second . Cowgill popped out to second . Murphy struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Edgin pitching for Mets . Baxter in left field . Young Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Rutledge reached on infield single to third . Gonzalez doubled to left , Rutledge to third . Cuddyer walked . Pacheco walked , Rutledge scored , Gonzalez to third , Cuddyer to second . Hawkins pitching for Mets . Nelson hit sacrifice fly to right , Gonzalez scored . Torrealba doubled to deep left center , Cuddyer and Pacheco scored . Brignac struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Wright fouled out to first . Byrd struck out swinging . Baxter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Fowler hit for Ottavino . Atchison pitching for Mets . Fowler struck out swinging . Young Jr. grounded out to first . Rutledge grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Turner struck out swinging . Tejada grounded out to first . Recker flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Atchison pitching for Mets . Gonzalez popped out to third . Cuddyer reached on infield single to shortstop . Pacheco singled to center , Cuddyer to second . Nelson grounded out to shortstop , Cuddyer to third , Pacheco to second . Torrealba walked . Tulowitzki hit for Brignac . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Herrera at shortstop . Davis hit for Atchison . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Davis singled to center . Cowgill struck out swinging . Murphy grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Lyon pitching for Mets . Turner at second base . Davis at first base . Helton hit for Belisle . Helton lined out to left . Young Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Rutledge safe at first on error by pitcher Lyon . Rice pitching for Mets . Gonzalez singled to left , Rutledge to third . Parnell pitching for Mets . Gonzalez stole second . Cuddyer safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Tejada , Rutledge and Gonzalez scored . Pacheco singled to left center , Cuddyer to second . Nelson lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Wright grounded out to second . Byrd grounded out to third . Baxter walked . Turner singled to left , Baxter to third . Tejada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Torrealba grounded out to first . Herrera struck out swinging . Rosario hit for Brothers . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 10th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Buck hit for Recker . Buck flied out to center . Davis walked . Cowgill struck out looking . Nieuwenhuis hit for Parnell . Nieuwenhuis walked , Davis to second . Wright flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 10th . Burke pitching for Mets . Buck catching . Young Jr. flied out to right . Rutledge grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez walked . Cuddyer singled to left center , Gonzalez to third . Cuddyer to second on fielder 's indifference . Pacheco singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Cuddyer to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 8 - Rockies 9 .	Rockies top Mets in 10th for twinbill sweep