Giants - Top 1st. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Rowand grounded out to third. Burriss flied out to left. Huff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. McCutchen flied out to right. Tabata popped out to first. Overbay walked. Walker doubled to deep center, Overbay scored. Jones safe at first on error by second baseman Burriss, Walker to third. Doumit grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 2nd. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Sandoval singled to center. Burrell grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sandoval out at second. Ross struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Alvarez grounded out to first. Wood flied out to right. Karstens struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Fontenot singled to center. Whiteside hit by pitch, Fontenot to second. Vogelsong sacrificed into fielder's choice to first, Fontenot to third, Whiteside to second. Rowand doubled to left, Fontenot and Whiteside scored, Vogelsong to third. Burriss popped out to shortstop. Huff intentionally walked. Sandoval grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vogelsong scored, Huff out at second, Rowand to third. Rowand stole home, Sandoval stole second, Sandoval safe at third on throwing error by catcher Doumit. Burrell struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. McCutchen struck out swinging. Tabata grounded out to third. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Ross grounded out to third. Fontenot reached on infield single to third. Whiteside popped out to second. Vogelsong grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Walker singled to right. Walker to second on wild pitch by Vogelsong. Jones walked. Doumit grounded out to catcher, Walker to third, Jones to second. Alvarez struck out swinging. Wood struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Rowand grounded out to second. Burriss bunt grounded out to pitcher. Huff grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Karstens struck out swinging. McCutchen struck out looking. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Sandoval grounded out to second. Burrell singled to shallow left. Ross lined into double play, third to first, Burrell doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Overbay struck out looking. Walker singled to right. Jones singled to right center, Walker to third. Doumit grounded out to first, Walker scored, Jones to second. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Ross in left field. Schierholtz in right field. Alvarez hit by pitch. Wood struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Fontenot flied out to right. Whiteside struck out swinging. Schierholtz singled to right. Rowand singled to left, Schierholtz scored. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Cedeno at shortstop. Burriss reached on infield single to second, Rowand to third, Burriss to second on throwing error by second baseman Walker. Huff grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Giants. Cedeno grounded out to pitcher. McCutchen flied out to left. Tabata grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Sandoval flied out to center. Tejada hit for Ramirez. Tejada singled to left center. Ross grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tejada out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Lopez pitching for Giants. Overbay walked. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Overbay out at second. Diaz hit for Jones. Diaz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Walker out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Diaz in right field. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Fontenot popped out to second. Whiteside flied out to center. Schierholtz singled to left. Schierholtz stole second. Rowand flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Wilson pitching for Giants. Doumit walked. Alvarez struck out swinging. Paul hit for McCutchen. Paul struck out swinging. Cedeno struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 5 - Pirates 2.	Giants' Vogelsong wins first start in seven years