Giants - Top 1st. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Rowand struck out swinging. Burriss singled to right. Sandoval homered to left (430 feet), Burriss scored. Huff safe at first on error by second baseman Raburn. Ross flied out to center. Schierholtz reached on infield single to second, Huff to second. Crawford homered to right (365 feet), Huff and Schierholtz scored. Tejada flied out to center. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Zito pitching for Giants. Jackson walked. Wells fouled out to first. Ordonez singled to left center, Jackson to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ordonez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Whiteside walked. Whiteside to second on wild pitch by Scherzer. Rowand grounded out to third. Burriss grounded out to first, Whiteside to third. Sandoval struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Zito pitching for Giants. Martinez singled to left. Peralta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martinez out at second. Boesch flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Huff doubled to deep right. Ross doubled to deep center, Huff scored. Schierholtz walked. Crawford walked, Ross to third, Schierholtz to second. Villarreal pitching for Tigers. Tejada homered to left (369 feet), Ross, Schierholtz and Crawford scored. Whiteside walked. Rowand singled to center, Whiteside to second. Burriss grounded out to second, Whiteside to third, Rowand to second. Sandoval walked. Perry pitching for Tigers. Huff fouled out to third. Ross struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Zito pitching for Giants. Raburn grounded out to third. Inge lined out to left. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Kelly catching. Perry pitching for Tigers. Schierholtz grounded out to shortstop. Crawford flied out to right. Tejada fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Zito pitching for Giants. Wells doubled to deep center. Ordonez walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ordonez out at second, Wells to third. Kelly grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Perry pitching for Tigers. Whiteside struck out swinging. Rowand hit by pitch. Burriss singled to left, Rowand to second. Sandoval struck out swinging, Rowand to third, Burriss to second on passed ball. Huff singled to left, Rowand and Burriss scored. Ross flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Zito pitching for Giants. Peralta popped out to second. Boesch hit ground rule double to left. Raburn flied out to right. Inge grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Santiago at second base. Raburn at first base. Purcey pitching for Tigers. Schierholtz singled to left. Crawford singled to left, Schierholtz to second. Tejada singled to left, Schierholtz to third, Crawford to second. Whiteside doubled to deep right center, Schierholtz and Crawford scored, Tejada to third. Torres hit for Rowand. Torres grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tejada scored, Whiteside out at third. Burriss grounded into double play, third to second to first, Torres out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Torres in center field. Stewart at first base. Hall in left field. Zito pitching for Giants. Jackson grounded out to second. Wells singled to left center. Ordonez fouled out to third. Santiago flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Purcey pitching for Tigers. Sandoval fouled out to catcher. Hall flied out to center. Stewart doubled to left. Schierholtz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Mota pitching for Giants. Kelly popped out to shortstop. Peralta homered to left (405 feet). Boesch homered to right center (436 feet). Raburn singled to center. Inge fouled out to catcher. Jackson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Oliveros pitching for Tigers. Crawford reached on infield single to second. Tejada grounded into double play, third to second to first, Crawford out at second. Whiteside grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Mota pitching for Giants. Wells struck out looking. Ordonez lined out to left. Santiago struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Oliveros pitching for Tigers. Torres fouled out to third. Burriss grounded out to first. Sandoval flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Mota pitching for Giants. Kelly flied out to right. Peralta flied out to center. Boesch walked. Raburn doubled to deep left, Boesch scored. Inge popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 15 - Tigers 3.	Tejada's slam helps Giants take care of Tigers