Royals - Top 1st . Gibson pitching for Twins . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop . Moustakas walked , Escobar to second . Cain struck out swinging . Hosmer singled to right , Escobar scored , Moustakas to second . Morales lined out to right . Gordon homered to right ( 374 feet ) , Moustakas and Hosmer scored . Rios struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Volquez pitching for Royals . Dozier grounded out to shortstop . Mauer flied out to center . Plouffe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Pérez lined out to left . Infante grounded out to shortstop . Escobar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Volquez pitching for Royals . Hunter struck out swinging . Suzuki lined out to left . Vargas singled to center . Robinson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Moustakas flied out to left . Cain struck out swinging . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Volquez pitching for Royals . Hicks singled to center . Polanco singled to center , Hicks to second . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Polanco out at second , Hicks to third . Mauer struck out swinging . Plouffe singled to center , Hicks scored , Dozier to second . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Morales grounded out to third . Gordon walked . Rios flied out to center . Pérez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Volquez pitching for Royals . Suzuki grounded out to third . Vargas singled to center . Robinson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vargas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Infante struck out looking . Escobar singled to center . Moustakas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar safe at second on error by shortstop Polanco , Escobar scored , Moustakas to first on throwing error by right fielder Hunter . Cain singled to center , Moustakas to second . Hosmer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cain out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Volquez pitching for Royals . Hicks grounded out to second . Polanco flied out to center . Dozier walked . Mauer singled to left , Dozier to second . Plouffe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Morales flied out to left . Gordon struck out looking . Rios struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Volquez pitching for Royals . Hunter walked . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hunter safe at second on error by third baseman Moustakas . Vargas struck out swinging . Robinson grounded into double play , third to first , Hunter out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Graham pitching for Twins . Pérez singled to center . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pérez safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Mauer . Escobar fouled out to first . Moustakas singled to shallow left , Pérez scored , Infante to third . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Infante scored , Moustakas out at second . Hosmer fouled out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 7th . Volquez pitching for Royals . Hicks struck out swinging . Polanco walked . Dozier grounded out to shortstop , Polanco to second . Mauer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Graham pitching for Twins . Morales flied out to left . Gordon struck out swinging . Rios grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Plouffe homered to left center ( 386 feet ) . Hunter struck out looking . Suzuki flied out to right . Vargas struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Herrmann in right field . Graham pitching for Twins . Pérez singled to right center . Infante lined out to center . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pérez out at second . Moustakas lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Frasor pitching for Royals . Robinson flied out to right . Hicks grounded out to shortstop . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 7 - Twins 2 .	Sweep , it is : Gordon , Volquez guide Royals past Twins 7 - 2