Twins - Top 1st . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Dozier grounded out to third . Rosario struck out swinging . Mauer lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . DeShields bunt grounded out to third . Choo singled to center . Fielder reached on infield single to shortstop , Choo to second . Moreland grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Fielder out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Plouffe doubled to deep right center . Vargas grounded out to third . Plouffe to third on wild pitch by Lewis . Núñez grounded out to second . Herrmann hit by pitch . Escobar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Gallo walked . Andrus grounded out to second , Gallo to second . Martín singled to right , Gallo scored . Chirinos grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Martín out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Robinson reached on infield single to pitcher . Dozier walked , Robinson to second . Rosario doubled to deep center , Robinson and Dozier scored , Rosario to third advancing on throw . Mauer doubled to deep left center , Rosario scored . Plouffe struck out swinging . Vargas struck out looking . Núñez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Alberto grounded out to second . DeShields doubled to right . Choo singled to right , DeShields scored . Fielder singled to center , Choo to third . Moreland doubled to deep left , Choo scored , Fielder to third . Gallo intentionally walked . Andrus grounded into double play , third to first , Moreland out at third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Herrmann flied out to center . Escobar grounded out to first . Robinson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Twins . Martín bunt grounded out to pitcher . Chirinos singled to shallow right . Alberto singled to right center , Chirinos to second . DeShields doubled to deep left center , Chirinos scored , Alberto to third . Choo walked . Fielder grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Alberto scored , Choo out at second , DeShields to third . Moreland homered to right ( 426 feet ) , DeShields and Fielder scored . Graham pitching for Twins . Gallo homered to right center ( 471 feet ) . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Dozier struck out swinging . Rosario popped out to second . Mauer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Graham pitching for Twins . Martín grounded out to shortstop . Chirinos doubled to deep left . Alberto flied out to center . DeShields walked . Choo doubled to deep center , Chirinos and DeShields scored . Fielder lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Plouffe grounded out to second . Vargas grounded out to second . Núñez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Moreland struck out swinging . Gallo walked . Andrus singled to right , Gallo to second . Martín grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Andrus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Herrmann grounded out to second . Escobar flied out to left . Robinson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Tonkin pitching for Twins . Chirinos grounded out to third . Alberto lined out to center . DeShields struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Rosales at second base . Alberto at shortstop . Bass pitching for Rangers . Dozier struck out looking . Rosario walked . Mauer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rosario out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Thompson pitching for Twins . Choo lined out to center . Fielder grounded out to shortstop . Moreland flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Bass pitching for Rangers . Plouffe flied out to right . Vargas grounded out to first . Núñez doubled to deep right . Herrmann doubled to deep right , Núñez scored . Escobar singled to right center , Herrmann scored . Escobar to second on fielder 's indifference . Robinson doubled to left , Escobar scored . Dozier doubled to deep left , Robinson scored . Edwards pitching for Rangers . Rosario grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 7 - Rangers 11 .	Rangers hit impressive HRs , Lewis finally beats Twins