Twins - Top 1st . Bauer pitching for Indians . Dozier struck out looking . Mauer homered to right center ( 412 feet ) . Sanó grounded out to second . Plouffe walked . Hunter walked , Plouffe to second . Rosario struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Twins . Ramírez singled to center . Lindor sacrificed to pitcher , Ramírez to second . Brantley singled to right , Ramírez scored . Brantley stole second . Santana singled to right , Brantley to third . Gomes popped out to second . Chisenhall singled to right , Brantley scored , Santana to third . Urshela grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Hicks reached on bunt single to pitcher . Suzuki grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Hicks out at second . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Twins . Almonte doubled to deep right center . Pérez grounded out to third . Ramírez tripled to deep center , Almonte scored . Lindor hit sacrifice fly to left , Ramírez scored . Brantley hit ground rule double to right . Santana struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Dozier struck out swinging . Mauer struck out swinging . Sanó reached on infield single to second . Plouffe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Twins . Gomes walked . Chisenhall grounded out to first , Gomes to second . Urshela singled to center , Gomes scored . Almonte doubled to deep center , Urshela to third . Pérez walked . Ramírez doubled to center , Urshela and Almonte scored , Pérez to third . Graham pitching for Twins . Lindor hit sacrifice fly to right , Pérez scored , Ramírez to third . Brantley grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Hunter grounded out to third . Rosario singled to right center . Hicks flied out to center . Suzuki homered to left ( 361 feet ) , Rosario scored . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Graham pitching for Twins . Santana walked . Gomes struck out swinging . Chisenhall singled to right , Santana to second . Urshela grounded out to second , Santana to third , Chisenhall to second . Almonte grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Dozier singled to center . Mauer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dozier out at second . Sanó struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Graham pitching for Twins . Pérez flied out to right . Ramírez grounded out to first . Lindor reached on infield single to third . O'Rourke pitching for Twins . Lindor to second on wild pitch by O'Rourke . Brantley walked . Santana walked , Lindor to third , Brantley to second . Gomes walked , Lindor scored , Brantley to third , Santana to second . Sands hit for Chisenhall . Boyer pitching for Twins . Sands homered to right ( 363 feet ) , Brantley , Santana and Gomes scored . Urshela struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Sands in right field . Bauer pitching for Indians . Plouffe grounded out to second . Hunter struck out swinging . Rosario homered to right center ( 416 feet ) . Hicks grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Robinson in right field . Boyer pitching for Twins . Almonte singled to center . Pérez lined out to right . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Almonte out at second . Lindor grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Suzuki flied out to left . Escobar walked . Webb pitching for Indians . Dozier grounded into double play , third to second to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Herrmann catching . Jepsen pitching for Twins . Brantley singled to center . Aviles ran for Brantley . Santana flied out to center . Gomes lined out to right . Sands grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aviles out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Aviles in left field . Webb pitching for Indians . Mauer singled to center . Sanó struck out looking . Plouffe lined out to center . Robinson reached on infield single to pitcher , Mauer to second . Crockett pitching for Indians . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Sanó at first base . Achter pitching for Twins . Urshela singled to left . Almonte homered to right center ( 431 feet ) , Urshela scored . Pérez singled to left . Ramírez walked , Pérez to second . Lindor singled to left , Pérez to third , Ramírez to second . Núñez in left field . Robinson pitching for Twins . Rosario in right field . Aviles walked , Pérez scored , Ramírez to third , Lindor to second . Santana grounded out to third , Ramírez scored , Lindor to third , Aviles to second . Johnson hit for Gomes . Johnson flied out to right . Sands struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Armstrong pitching for Indians . Hicks struck out looking . Herrmann struck out swinging . Escobar lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 4 - Indians 17 .	Sands , Almonte lead Indians ' 17 - 4 rout of Twins