Tigers - Top 1st . Taillon pitching for Yankees . Grossman safe at first on fielding error by right fielder Frazier , Grossman safe at second on error . Castro struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to right . Schoop struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . LeMahieu reached on infield single to third . Judge flied out to center . Odor grounded out to first , LeMahieu to second . Torres grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Taillon pitching for Yankees . Candelario struck out swinging . Baddoo walked . Goodrum struck out swinging . Greiner flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Ford safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Castro . Hicks popped out to second . Sánchez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ford out at second . Frazier grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sánchez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 3rd . Taillon pitching for Yankees . Jones grounded out to third . Grossman popped out to shortstop . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Gardner lined out to left . LeMahieu walked . Judge reached on infield single to third , LeMahieu to second . Odor popped out to shortstop . Torres singled to shallow right center , LeMahieu scored , Judge to second . Ford walked , Torres to second , Judge to third . Hicks struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Taillon pitching for Yankees . Cabrera struck out swinging . Schoop flied out to left . Candelario homered to right ( 378 feet ) . Baddoo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Sánchez grounded out to third . Frazier grounded out to third . Gardner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Taillon pitching for Yankees . Goodrum singled to right center . Goodrum stole second . Greiner lined out to right . Jones reached on infield single to third , Goodrum hit by batted ball out at third . Grossman walked , Jones to second . Castro walked , Grossman to second , Jones to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . LeMahieu singled to center . LeMahieu stole second , LeMahieu safe at third on throwing error by catcher Greiner . Judge doubled to left center , LeMahieu scored . Odor grounded out to first , Judge to third . Torres grounded out to shortstop . Ford grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 6th . Loaisiga pitching for Yankees . Schoop grounded out to third . Candelario singled to left center . Baddoo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Candelario out at second . Baddoo stole second . Baddoo to third on passed ball by Sánchez . Goodrum walked . Greiner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Hicks hit by pitch . Sánchez walked , Hicks to second . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Frazier walked , Sánchez to second , Hicks to third . Gardner popped out to second . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Judge singled to right , Hicks scored and Sánchez scored , Frazier to third . Odor walked , Judge to second . Torres singled to left center , Frazier scored and Judge scored , Odor to third . Lange pitching for Tigers . Torres out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Alex Lange pitches to Mike Ford . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Yankees . Jones walked . Grossman walked , Jones to second . Castro struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to first , Grossman to second , Jones to third . Schoop singled to center , Jones scored and Grossman scored . Candelario singled to right , Schoop to second . Green pitching for Yankees . Baddoo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Lange pitching for Tigers . Ford grounded out to first . Hicks singled to right . Hicks to second on wild pitch by Lange . Sánchez struck out looking . Frazier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . LeMahieu at first base . Wade at third base . Green pitching for Yankees . Goodrum homered to right ( 381 feet ) . Castro hit for Greiner . Castro grounded out to first . Jones struck out swinging . Grossman flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Ramos catching . Castro in left field . Holland pitching for Tigers . Gardner walked . LeMahieu flied out to right . Judge struck out swinging . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gardner out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Castro struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to second . Schoop struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 4 - Yankees 6 .	Taillon earns 1st win in exactly 2 years , Yanks beat Tigers