White Sox - Top 1st . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Anderson lined out to right . Madrigal lined out to right . Moncada singled to center . Abreu flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Rodon pitching for White Sox . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Voit struck out swinging . Judge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Mercedes singled to left center . García grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mercedes out at second . Vaughn struck out looking . Collins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Urshela struck out swinging . Torres struck out swinging . Odor flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Mendick flied out to right . Anderson struck out swinging . Madrigal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Sánchez struck out swinging . Andújar singled to right . Gardner safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Madrigal , Gardner safe at second on error , Andújar safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Madrigal . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gardner to third , Andújar out at home . Voit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Moncada struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . Mercedes singled to center . García flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Judge reached on infield single to shortstop . Urshela struck out swinging . Torres struck out swinging . Odor popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Vaughn flied out to right . Collins popped out to first . Mendick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Sánchez struck out swinging . Andújar grounded out to second . Gardner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Anderson struck out swinging . Madrigal grounded out to second . Moncada doubled to deep left center . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . LeMahieu struck out looking . Voit popped out to first . Judge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Mercedes struck out swinging . García grounded out to shortstop . Vaughn doubled to center . Grandal hit for Collins . Grandal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Grandal catching . Kopech pitching for White Sox . Urshela struck out looking . Torres homered to right ( 345 feet ) . Odor struck out swinging . Sánchez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Eaton hit for Mendick . Loaisiga pitching for Yankees . Eaton walked . Eaton to second on wild pitch by Loaisiga . Anderson grounded out to third , Eaton to third . Madrigal singled to shallow right , Eaton scored . Moncada grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Madrigal out at second . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Eaton in right field . Kopech pitching for White Sox . Andújar singled to right center . Wade ran for Andújar . Wade stole second . Gardner singled to left , Wade to third . Marshall pitching for White Sox . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gardner to second , Wade out at home . Voit lined into double play , third to second , Gardner doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Wade in left field . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Mercedes walked . Hamilton ran for Mercedes . García sacrificed , García to first on fielding error by pitcher Chapman , Hamilton to second . Vaughn grounded into triple play , third to second to first , García out at second , Hamilton out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Hamilton as designated hitter . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Judge singled to center . Urshela singled to right center , Judge to second . Torres singled to left , Judge scored , Urshela to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 1 - Yankees 2 .	Yanks turn triple play , edge White Sox 2 - 1 behind Torres