Phillies - Top 1st . Wojciechowski pitching for Yankees . Segura homered to left ( 386 feet ) . Realmuto struck out swinging . Harper struck out swinging . McCutchen doubled to left . Hoskins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Howard pitching for Phillies . LeMahieu grounded out to first . Stanton struck out swinging . Odor flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Wojciechowski pitching for Yankees . Gregorius flied out to right . Miller walked . Torreyes walked , Miller to second . Jankowski flied out to left . Segura popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Howard pitching for Phillies . Sánchez singled to center . Torres grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sánchez out at second . Gardner flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Wojciechowski pitching for Yankees . Realmuto hit by pitch . Harper doubled to right , Realmuto scored . McCutchen walked . Hoskins lined out to right . Gregorius flied out to center , Harper to third . Miller grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Howard pitching for Phillies . Allen popped out to third . Wade bunt grounded out to pitcher . Florial walked . LeMahieu hit by pitch , Florial to second . Stanton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Wojciechowski pitching for Yankees . Torreyes flied out to left . Jankowski struck out looking . Segura grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Sánchez pitching for Phillies . Odor struck out swinging . Sánchez struck out swinging . Torres homered to right ( 359 feet ) . Gardner reached on infield single to shortstop . Allen doubled to center , Gardner scored . Wade walked . Wade stole second , Allen stole third . Florial struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Abreu pitching for Yankees . Realmuto flied out to left . Harper grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Brogdon pitching for Phillies . LeMahieu walked . Stanton popped out to first . Odor grounded out to second , LeMahieu to second . Sánchez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Abreu pitching for Yankees . Hoskins walked . Gregorius grounded out to first , Hoskins to second . Miller walked . Torreyes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Miller out at second , Hoskins to third . Williams hit for Jankowski . Wilson pitching for Yankees . Williams grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Williams in center field . Brogdon pitching for Phillies . Torres struck out swinging . Gardner struck out swinging . Allen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Yankees . Segura grounded out to first . Realmuto lined out to right . Harper walked . McCutchen fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Wade lined out to center . Florial reached on infield single to catcher . Florial stole second . LeMahieu struck out looking . Stanton reached on infield single to second , Florial scored . Odor homered to right ( 363 feet ) , Stanton scored . Sánchez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Britton pitching for Yankees . Hoskins safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Torres . Gregorius walked , Hoskins to second . Miller grounded out to pitcher , Gregorius to second , Hoskins to third . Torreyes walked . Nelson pitching for Yankees . Williams singled to left , Gregorius scored and Hoskins scored , Torreyes to second . Segura walked , Williams to second , Torreyes to third . Torreyes scored on Nelson wild pitch , Segura to second on wild pitch by Nelson , Williams to third on wild pitch by Nelson . Realmuto struck out swinging . Harper walked . McCutchen flied out to center . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Bradley pitching for Phillies . Torres grounded out to third . Gardner walked . Allen grounded out to second , Gardner to second . Gittens hit for Wade . Gittens struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . LeMahieu at third base . Gittens at first base . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Hoskins walked . Gregorius flied out to left . Hoskins caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Miller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Bradley pitching for Phillies . Florial grounded out to second . LeMahieu reached on infield single to catcher . Stanton safe at first on fielding error by right fielder Miller , Stanton safe at second on error , LeMahieu safe at third on error . Suárez pitching for Phillies . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Stanton to third , LeMahieu out at home . Sánchez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 10th . Kriske pitching for Yankees . Torreyes sacrificed to pitcher , Miller to third . Williams struck out swinging . Segura flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 10th . Suarez pitching for Phillies . Torres sacrificed to pitcher , Sánchez to third . LaMarre hit for Gardner . LaMarre singled to deep right , Sánchez scored . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 5 - Yankees 6 .	LaMarre 's pinch - hit single lifts Yanks over Phils 6 - 5 in 10