Yankees - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Gardner walked . Stanton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gardner out at second . Judge flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Taillon pitching for Yankees . Merrifield grounded out to pitcher . Lopez grounded out to first . Perez walked . Santana flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Gallo lined out to second . LeMahieu tripled to deep right . Voit struck out swinging . Velazquez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Taillon pitching for Yankees . Benintendi walked . Rivera grounded out to third , Benintendi to second . O'Hearn flied out to center . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Wade grounded out to second . Higashioka flied out to left . Gardner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Taillon pitching for Yankees . Gallagher singled to center . Merrifield fouled out to catcher . Lopez struck out looking . Perez hit by pitch , Gallagher to second . Santana struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Stanton grounded out to first . Judge grounded out to first . Gallo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Taillon pitching for Yankees . Benintendi lined out to left . Rivera singled to shallow center . O'Hearn grounded into double play , second to third to first , Rivera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . LeMahieu fouled out to shortstop . Voit grounded out to third . Velazquez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Taillon pitching for Yankees . Taylor struck out looking . Gallagher struck out swinging . Merrifield grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Wade singled to deep right . Higashioka grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wade out at second . Gardner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Taillon pitching for Yankees . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Perez singled to shallow center . Santana popped out to third . Benintendi flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Stanton grounded out to third . Judge doubled to left . Gallo reached on infield single to second , Judge to third . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gallo to second , Judge out at home . Voit singled to left , Gallo scored , LeMahieu to third . Staumont pitching for Royals . Velazquez struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Taillon pitching for Yankees . Rivera singled to center . Dyson ran for Rivera . Loaisiga pitching for Yankees . Dyson to second on pickoff error by pitcher Loaisiga , Dyson to third on balk . O'Hearn hit sacrifice fly to right , Dyson scored . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . Gallagher walked . Merrifield grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gallagher out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 8th . Dyson in right field . Alberto at third base . Brentz pitching for Royals . Wade reached first base on catcher 's interference , Wade to first on error by catcher Gallagher . Higashioka struck out swinging . Wade stole second . Gardner walked . Barlow pitching for Royals . Stanton struck out swinging . Judge singled to right , Wade scored , Gardner thrown out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Loaisiga pitching for Yankees . Lopez singled to left . Perez walked , Lopez to second . Green pitching for Yankees . Santana flied out to center , Lopez to third . Benintendi singled to right center , Lopez scored , Perez to second . Dozier ran for Perez . Dyson struck out swinging . Alberto lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Dozier as designated hitter . Lovelady pitching for Royals . Gallo struck out looking . LeMahieu lined out to right . Voit homered to right ( 379 feet ) . Velazquez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Britton pitching for Yankees . Taylor struck out swinging . Gallagher lined out to shortstop . Merrifield walked . Merrifield stole second . Lopez singled to left center , Merrifield scored . Lopez stole second . Dozier struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 10th . Lovelady pitching for Royals . Wade singled to center , Velazquez to third . Higashioka hit sacrifice fly to center , Velazquez scored , Wade to second . Gardner singled to center , Wade scored on error , Gardner safe at second on throwing error by right fielder Dyson . Davis pitching for Royals . Stanton walked . Judge lined out to center . Gallo flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 10th . Holmes pitching for Yankees . Santana grounded out to second , Dozier to third . Benintendi walked . Benintendi to second on wild pitch by Holmes . Dyson hit sacrifice fly to left , Dozier scored . Alberto singled to right center , Benintendi scored . Taylor flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 11th . Holland pitching for Royals . LeMahieu doubled to deep right , Gallo scored . Voit lined out to left . Odor hit for Velazquez . Odor grounded out to first , LeMahieu to third . Wade walked . Higashioka walked , Wade to second . Gardner reached on infield single to second , LeMahieu scored and Wade scored , Gardner to second , Higashioka to second , Higashioka safe at third on fielding error by catcher Gallagher . Santana pitching for Royals . Stanton grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 11th . Odor at third base . Wade at shortstop . Peralta pitching for Yankees . Gallagher grounded out to third . Merrifield struck out swinging . Olivares hit for Lopez . Olivares singled to center , Taylor scored . Dozier singled to right , Olivares to second . Santana grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Royals 6 .	After blowing 4 late leads , Yanks finally hold off KC in 11