Rangers - Top 1st . Kluber pitching for Yankees . Hernández struck out looking . Kiner - Falefa singled to center . Kiner - Falefa stole second . Ibáñez struck out swinging . Lowe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Hearn pitching for Rangers . LeMahieu flied out to shortstop . Voit grounded out to third . Judge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Kluber pitching for Yankees . García reached on infield single to shortstop . García stole second . Calhoun singled to right , García scored . Peters grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Calhoun out at second . Holt grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Peters out at second . Trevino singled to right , Holt to second . Hernández grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Stanton singled to deep right center . Gallo walked , Stanton to second . Torres grounded out to third , Gallo to second , Stanton to third . Urshela lined out to center . Higashioka flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Kluber pitching for Yankees . Kiner - Falefa flied out to right . Ibáñez flied out to center . Lowe lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Gardner singled to left . LeMahieu lined out to right . Voit grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gardner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Kluber pitching for Yankees . García struck out looking . Calhoun grounded out to first . Peters doubled to deep left . Holt singled to shallow left , Peters scored . Trevino grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Judge struck out swinging . Stanton grounded out to shortstop . Gallo popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Kluber pitching for Yankees . Hernández doubled to center . Kiner - Falefa singled to left , Hernández scored . Ibáñez lined out to shortstop . Peralta pitching for Yankees . Lowe grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kiner - Falefa to second , Kiner - Falefa safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Voit . García popped out to shortstop . Calhoun grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Torres walked . Urshela singled to center , Torres to second . Higashioka doubled to deep center , Urshela scored and Torres scored . Gardner grounded out to first , Higashioka to third . LeMahieu flied into double play , right to catcher , Higashioka thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Peralta pitching for Yankees . Peters flied out to center . Holt grounded out to pitcher . Trevino grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Voit struck out swinging . Judge walked . Stanton walked , Judge to second . Santana pitching for Rangers . Gallo walked , Stanton to second , Judge to third . Torres struck out swinging . Judge scored on Santana wild pitch , Gallo to second and Stanton to third on wild pitch by Santana . Urshela struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Rizzo at first base . Holmes pitching for Yankees . Hernández struck out looking . Kiner - Falefa struck out looking . Ibáñez grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Sborz pitching for Rangers . Higashioka singled to right center . Wade ran for Higashioka . Gardner struck out swinging , Wade stole second . Wade stole third . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Rizzo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Sánchez catching . Green pitching for Yankees . Lowe flied out to center . García safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Urshela . García caught stealing second , catcher to third . Calhoun lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Patton pitching for Rangers . Judge popped out to first . Stanton struck out swinging . Gallo doubled to left . Torres doubled to deep right , Gallo scored . Urshela reached on infield single , Torres scored on fielding error by second baseman Hernández . Sánchez homered to center ( 420 feet ) , Urshela scored . Gardner walked . Cotton pitching for Rangers . LeMahieu grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 9th . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Peters popped out to third . Culberson hit for Holt . Culberson struck out swinging . Trevino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 3 - Yankees 7 .	Yanks sweep Texas , pass Blue Jays , roll into Fenway showdown