Pirates - Top 1st . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Presley grounded out to shortstop . Sutton grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Bedard pitching for Pirates . Young Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Scutaro flied out to center . Fowler singled to right center . Gonzalez reached on infield single to third , Fowler to second . Cuddyer walked , Fowler to third , Gonzalez to second . Pacheco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . McGehee flied out to right . Walker walked . Alvarez popped out to shortstop . McKenry reached on infield single to second , Walker to third . Barmes grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Bedard pitching for Pirates . Rosario grounded out to third . Rutledge struck out swinging . Friedrich singled to center . Young Jr. struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Bedard struck out swinging . Presley singled to center . Sutton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Presley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Bedard pitching for Pirates . Scutaro singled to shallow left . Fowler reached on bunt single to pitcher , Scutaro to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Fowler out at second , Scutaro to third . Cuddyer safe at second on error by left fielder Presley , Scutaro scored . Pacheco grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 4th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . McCutchen homered to left ( 448 feet ) . McGehee fouled out to right . Walker flied out to right . Alvarez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Bedard pitching for Pirates . Rosario walked . Rutledge tripled to right , Rosario scored . Friedrich struck out looking . Young Jr. struck out looking . Scutaro flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . McKenry walked . Barmes walked , McKenry to second . Bedard sacrificed to catcher , McKenry to third , Barmes to second . Presley grounded out to second , McKenry scored , Barmes to third . Sutton singled to right , Barmes scored . McCutchen singled to center , Sutton to third . Sutton scored , McCutchen to second on wild pitch by Friedrich . McGehee singled to left , McCutchen scored . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Walker singled to right , McGehee to third . Alvarez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Bedard pitching for Pirates . Fowler grounded out to third . Gonzalez reached on bunt single to third . Cuddyer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . McKenry grounded out to third . Barmes flied out to right . Bedard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Bedard pitching for Pirates . Pacheco flied out to center . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Rutledge grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Presley grounded out to shortstop . Sutton flied out to center . McCutchen walked . McGehee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Brown hit for Ottavino . Hernandez in right field . Bedard pitching for Pirates . Brown flied out to right . Young Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Scutaro singled to right . Fowler walked , Scutaro to second . Gonzalez walked , Scutaro to third , Fowler to second . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Cuddyer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Ekstrom pitching for Rockies . Walker reached on infield single to shortstop . Alvarez struck out swinging . McKenry doubled to deep right center , Walker scored . Barmes grounded out to shortstop . Jones hit for Hughes . McKenry to third on passed ball by Rosario . Jones grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Resop pitching for Pirates . Pacheco singled to center . Rosario grounded out to second , Pacheco to second . Rutledge grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pacheco out at third . Giambi hit for Ekstrom . Giambi grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Torres pitching for Rockies . Presley grounded out to second . Hernandez hit by pitch . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hernandez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Torres . McGehee flied out to center , Hernandez to third . Walker walked , McCutchen to second . Alvarez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Cruz pitching for Pirates . Young Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Scutaro flied out to center . Fowler walked . Fowler to second on fielder 's indifference . Gonzalez walked . Hanrahan pitching for Pirates . Cuddyer walked , Fowler to third , Gonzalez to second . Colvin hit for Pacheco . Colvin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 6 - Rockies 2 .	McCutchen , Bedard lead Pirates to 50th win