Pirates - Top 1st . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Marte grounded out to first . Mercer flied out to center . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Bedard pitching for Pirates . Furcal doubled to deep center . Carpenter singled to center , Furcal scored . Holliday struck out swinging . Craig singled to left , Carpenter to second . Freese grounded into double play , third to second to first , Craig out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Jones flied out to left . Snider flied out to left . Alvarez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Bedard pitching for Pirates . Molina flied out to center . Robinson grounded out to second . Jackson walked . Lynn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Barajas struck out swinging . Barmes singled to right center . Bedard struck out bunting foul . Marte hit by pitch , Barmes to second . Mercer singled to left , Barmes scored , Mercer to second , Marte to second , Marte to third advancing on throw . McCutchen struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Bedard pitching for Pirates . Furcal lined out to right . Carpenter grounded out to shortstop . Holliday singled to right . Craig popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Jones struck out swinging . Snider walked . Alvarez walked , Snider to second . Barajas walked , Snider to third , Alvarez to second . Barmes struck out looking . Bedard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Bedard pitching for Pirates . Freese walked . Molina doubled to deep left , Freese to third . Robinson doubled to right , Freese and Molina scored . Jackson lined into double play , pitcher to shortstop , Robinson out at second . Lynn struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Marte reached on bunt single to third . Mercer doubled to deep left , Marte scored . McCutchen popped out to first . Browning pitching for Cardinals . Mercer to third on wild pitch by Browning . Jones hit sacrifice fly to right , Mercer scored . Snider struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Bedard pitching for Pirates . Furcal singled to center . Carpenter flied out to center . Holliday struck out looking . Craig singled to center , Furcal to third . Freese walked , Craig to second . Molina hit ground rule double to deep right , Furcal and Craig scored , Freese to third . Jones in right field . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Sanchez at first base . Robinson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Browning pitching for Cardinals . Alvarez struck out swinging . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Barajas flied out to right . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Navarro in left field . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Jackson grounded out to third . Schumaker hit for Rosenthal . Schumaker flied out to center . Furcal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez doubled to deep left . Navarro grounded out to second , Sanchez to third . Mercer flied out to center . McCutchen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Carpenter grounded out to first . Holliday grounded out to second . Craig lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Carpenter at first base . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Robinson in right field . Jay in center field . Jones singled to right . Harrison hit for Hughes . Harrison singled to left , Jones to second . Alvarez struck out swinging . Barajas struck out swinging . McKenry hit for Barmes . McKenry flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Mercer at shortstop . Harrison at second base . Cruz pitching for Pirates . Freese flied out to center . Molina singled to center . Robinson reached on infield single to shortstop , Molina to second . Beltran hit for Jackson . Beltran struck out swinging . Jay hit by pitch , Molina to third , Robinson to second . Furcal popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Descalso at second base . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez singled to center . Navarro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sanchez safe at second on error by third baseman Freese . Mercer hit by pitch , Sanchez to third , Navarro to second . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sanchez scored , Mercer out at second , Navarro to third . Jones struck out swinging . Harrison grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCutchen out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 4 - Cardinals 5 .	Molina 's 3 hits , 2 RBIs in return spark Cards