Pirates - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Padres . Tabata struck out swinging . Snider singled to center . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Snider out at second . McCutchen stole second . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Cabrera singled to left . Cabrera stole second . Venable reached on infield single to second , Cabrera to third . Headley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cabrera out at home , Venable to third , Headley to second . Quentin doubled to deep right , Venable and Headley scored . Grandal struck out swinging . Alonso struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Padres . Jones walked . Alvarez lined out to pitcher , Jones to second . Barmes popped out to second . Barajas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Amarista grounded out to second . Maybin singled to left center . Marquis struck out bunting foul . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Padres . Burnett grounded out to pitcher . Tabata singled to center . Snider singled to right , Tabata to second . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Snider out at second , Tabata to third , Tabata scored on throwing error by second baseman Amarista . McCutchen caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Walker batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Venable reached on bunt single to second . Headley singled to right , Venable to third . Quentin popped out to shortstop . Grandal walked , Headley to second . Alonso grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Grandal out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Walker flied out to left . Jones singled to right . Alvarez struck out swinging . Barmes doubled to deep left , Jones thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Amarista grounded out to second . Maybin singled to center . Marquis sacrificed to pitcher , Maybin to second . Cabrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Barajas walked . Burnett struck out swinging . Tabata grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barajas out at second . Tabata to second on wild pitch by Marquis . Snider hit by pitch . McCutchen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Venable doubled to deep right . Headley struck out swinging . Quentin popped out to second . Grandal walked . Alonso walked , Venable to third , Grandal to second . Amarista grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Walker flied out to center . Jones homered to right ( 403 feet ) . Alvarez walked . Barmes singled to center , Alvarez to second . Vincent pitching for Padres . Barajas doubled to deep left , Alvarez scored , Barmes to third . Burnett struck out swinging . Tabata walked . Snider grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Maybin singled to right . Guzman hit for Vincent . Guzman reached on infield single to third , Maybin to second . Cabrera reached on bunt single to catcher , Maybin to third , Guzman to second . Venable grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Maybin scored , Guzman to third , Cabrera safe at second on error by first baseman Jones . Headley struck out looking . Quentin grounded into double play , third to second to first , Venable out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 7th . Brach pitching for Padres . McCutchen struck out swinging . Walker doubled to right . Jones flied out to left . Alvarez intentionally walked . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Grandal struck out looking . Alonso walked . Amarista doubled to left , Alonso to third . Maybin walked . Kotsay hit for Brach . Watson pitching for Pirates . Denorfia hit for Kotsay . Denorfia hit sacrifice fly to center , Alonso scored , Amarista to third . Maybin stole second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Barajas popped out to second . Navarro hit for Watson . Navarro struck out swinging . Tabata fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Qualls pitching for Pirates . Venable doubled to deep right . Headley grounded out to first , Venable to third . Quentin hit sacrifice fly to left , Venable scored . Grandal grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Thayer pitching for Padres . Snider lined out to second . McCutchen singled to center . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McCutchen out at second . Jones homered to center ( 406 feet ) , Walker scored . Alvarez struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Grilli pitching for Pirates . Alonso flied out to center . Amarista struck out swinging . Maybin singled to left . Forsythe hit for Thayer . Forsythe singled to left center , Maybin to third , Forsythe to second advancing on throw . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 10th . Mikolas pitching for Padres . Barmes struck out swinging . Barajas singled to center . Harrison ran for Barajas . McKenry hit for Grilli . McKenry struck out looking . Tabata grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 10th . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . McKenry catching . Venable walked . Venable stole second . Headley homered to right ( 430 feet ) , Venable scored . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 5 - Padres 7 .	Headley 's HR in 10th takes Padres past Pirates