White Sox - Top 1st . Heaney pitching for Angels . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Robert lined out to left . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Fletcher struck out swinging . Ohtani tripled to right . Trout reached on infield single to third , Ohtani scored . Rendon grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Trout out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Heaney pitching for Angels . Moncada struck out swinging . Vaughn struck out swinging . Grandal lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Upton struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to first . Iglesias singled to shallow left . Stassi grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Heaney pitching for Angels . Eaton grounded out to second . Mercedes singled to center . Madrigal singled to left , Mercedes to second . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Madrigal out at second , Mercedes to third . Robert walked , Anderson to second . Abreu homered to right center ( 385 feet ) , Mercedes scored , Anderson scored and Robert scored . Moncada struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Fowler lined out to left . Fletcher grounded out to second . Ohtani struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Heaney pitching for Angels . Vaughn walked . Grandal singled to shallow right , Vaughn to third . Eaton singled to center , Vaughn scored , Grandal to second . Guerra pitching for Angels . Eaton to second on wild pitch by Guerra , Grandal to third on wild pitch by Guerra . Mercedes singled to shallow left , Grandal scored and Eaton scored , Mercedes to second . Madrigal lined out to shortstop . Anderson grounded out to second , Mercedes to third . Robert struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Trout doubled to left . Rendon flied out to center , Trout to third . Upton walked . Pujols homered to center ( 413 feet ) , Trout scored and Upton scored . Iglesias struck out swinging . Stassi flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Guerra pitching for Angels . Abreu grounded out to third . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Moncada struck out swinging . Vaughn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Fowler singled to left . Fletcher walked , Fowler to second . Foster pitching for White Sox . Ohtani struck out swinging . Trout struck out looking . Fowler and Fletcher scored on error , Rendon safe at third on fielding error by right fielder Eaton . Upton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Grandal grounded out to shortstop . Eaton struck out swinging . Mercedes singled to left . Madrigal struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Kopech pitching for White Sox . Pujols popped out to shortstop . Iglesias grounded out to shortstop . Stassi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Anderson grounded out to third . Robert reached on infield single to third . Robert to second on pickoff error by first baseman Pujols . Abreu walked . Mayers pitching for Angels . Moncada struck out swinging . Vaughn lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 7th . Hamilton in left field . Kopech pitching for White Sox . Fowler struck out looking . Fletcher popped out to first . Ohtani struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Mayers pitching for Angels . Grandal flied out to center . Eaton struck out swinging . Mercedes singled to right center . Madrigal grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mercedes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Kopech pitching for White Sox . Trout walked . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Rendon popped out to shortstop . Upton grounded out to third , Trout to second . Pujols intentionally walked . Walsh ran for Pujols . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Iglesias flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Walsh at first base . Iglesias pitching for Angels . Anderson homered to center ( 389 feet ) . Robert grounded out to shortstop . Abreu singled to right . Cishek pitching for Angels . Abreu to second on wild pitch by Cishek . Moncada struck out looking . Hamilton walked . Grandal doubled to left center , Hamilton scored and Abreu scored . Claudio pitching for Angels . Eaton walked . Mercedes doubled to left , Eaton scored and Grandal scored . Madrigal grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Rojas hit for Stassi . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Rojas struck out swinging . Fowler grounded out to third . Fletcher reached on infield single to pitcher . Fletcher to second on fielder 's indifference . Ohtani homered to right center ( 421 feet ) , Fletcher scored . Trout walked . Trout to second on fielder 's indifference . Rendon struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 12 - Angels 8 .	Mercedes gets 1st 5 career hits , White Sox beat Angels 12 - 8