Angels - Top 1st . Keller pitching for Royals . Fletcher reached on infield single to pitcher . Ohtani struck out swinging . Trout flied out to center . Walsh lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Canning pitching for Angels . Merrifield lined out to left . Benintendi singled to right . Benintendi stole second , Benintendi safe at third on throwing error by catcher Bemboom . Pérez struck out looking . Santana walked . Soler reached first base on catcher 's interference , Soler to first on error by catcher Bemboom , Santana to second on error . Griffin Canning pitches to Jorge Soler . Taylor reached on infield single to third , Soler to second , Santana hit by batted ball out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Keller pitching for Royals . Pujols flied out to left . Iglesias lined out to left . Rojas popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Canning pitching for Angels . Dozier singled to center . Gallagher struck out swinging . Lopez flied out to left . Merrifield lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Keller pitching for Royals . Bemboom reached on infield single to second . Jay grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bemboom out at second . Fletcher grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jay safe at second on fielding error by second baseman Merrifield . Ohtani walked , Fletcher to second , Jay to third . Trout struck out swinging . Walsh struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Canning pitching for Angels . Benintendi struck out swinging . Perez homered to right center ( 412 feet ) . Santana struck out swinging . Soler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Keller pitching for Royals . Pujols grounded out to third . Iglesias lined out to second . Rojas grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Canning pitching for Angels . Taylor reached on infield single to third . Taylor stole second . Dozier flied out to right , Taylor to third . Gallagher hit sacrifice fly to second , Taylor scored . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Keller pitching for Royals . Bemboom struck out swinging . Jay grounded out to third . Fletcher grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Canning pitching for Angels . Merrifield grounded out to third . Benintendi doubled to right . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . Santana walked . Soler flied out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Dyson in right field . Keller pitching for Royals . Ohtani struck out swinging . Trout singled to center . Walsh doubled to right , Trout scored . Pujols hit by pitch . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols out at second , Walsh to third . Brentz pitching for Royals . Rojas flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Taylor flied out to right . Dozier grounded out to third . Gallagher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Staumont pitching for Royals . Bemboom struck out swinging . Jay flied out to left . Fletcher grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Lopez grounded out to first . Merrifield reached on infield single to third . Benintendi struck out looking . Pérez doubled to deep right , Merrifield scored . Watson pitching for Angels . Santana homered to left ( 409 feet ) , Perez scored . Dyson reached on infield single to shortstop . Dyson stole second . Taylor struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Staumont pitching for Royals . Ohtani flied out to left . Trout doubled to deep left . Walsh hit by pitch . Pujols hit into fielder 's choice to right , Walsh out at second , Trout to third . Iglesias flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Rowen pitching for Angels . Dozier singled to shallow left . Gallagher popped out to second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Dozier to second , Dozier safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Rowen . Merrifield hit sacrifice fly to right , Dozier scored . Iglesias pitching for Angels . Benintendi struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 9th . Zuber pitching for Royals . Rojas doubled to deep center . Bemboom struck out swinging . Jay lined out to left . Fletcher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 1 - Royals 6 .	Pérez delivers with bat to finish big series , KC tops Angels