Mariners - Top 1st . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Crawford walked . Crawford to second on passed ball by Suzuki . Haniger struck out swinging . France reached on infield single to third , Crawford to third . Seager hit sacrifice fly to left , Crawford scored . Murphy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Gilbert pitching for Mariners . Upton homered to left ( 403 feet ) . Ohtani walked . Rendon flied out to left . Ohtani stole second . Walsh walked . Lagares flied out to right . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Walsh out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Nottingham struck out swinging . Trammell popped out to third . Mayfield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Gilbert pitching for Mariners . Ward safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Crawford . Suzuki hit by pitch , Ward to second . Fletcher sacrificed to pitcher , Suzuki to second , Ward to third . Upton struck out swinging . Ohtani intentionally walked . Rendon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ohtani out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Walton homered to right ( 354 feet ) . Crawford doubled to deep right . Haniger singled to right , Crawford to third . France lined out to second . Seager singled to center , Crawford scored , Haniger to second . Murphy flied out to right , Haniger to third . Nottingham struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Gilbert pitching for Mariners . Walsh struck out swinging . Lagares flied out to left . Iglesias popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Trammell struck out swinging . Mayfield struck out swinging . Walton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Gilbert pitching for Mariners . Ward struck out swinging . Suzuki struck out swinging . Fletcher doubled to deep right center . Upton walked . Ohtani struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Haniger struck out swinging . France grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Gilbert pitching for Mariners . Rendon lined out to right . Walsh struck out swinging . Lagares struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Sandoval pitching for Angels . Seager struck out swinging . Murphy struck out swinging . Nottingham lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Chargois pitching for Mariners . Iglesias grounded out to second . Ward grounded out to third . Suzuki lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Claudio pitching for Angels . Trammell grounded out to shortstop . Mayfield grounded out to shortstop . Walton doubled to deep right . Crawford doubled to deep right , Walton scored . Mayers pitching for Angels . Haniger struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Sewald pitching for Mariners . Fletcher grounded out to pitcher . Upton struck out looking . Ohtani struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Mayers pitching for Angels . France grounded out to shortstop . Seager struck out looking . Strickland pitching for Angels . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Montero pitching for Mariners . Rendon singled to right . Walsh doubled to first , Rendon scored . Lagares grounded out to first , Walsh to third . Iglesias grounded out to third . Ward walked . Wong hit for Suzuki . Wong grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Fraley hit for Nottingham . Stassi catching . Strickland pitching for Angels . Fraley singled to left . Trammell walked , Fraley to second . Cishek pitching for Angels . Mayfield reached on bunt single to catcher , Trammell to second , Fraley to third . Walton walked , Fraley scored , Mayfield to second , Trammell to third . Crawford hit sacrifice fly to center , Trammell scored , Walton to second , Mayfield to third . Haniger grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Mayfield scored , Walton third . France grounded out to pitcher , Haniger to second . Seager intentionally walked . Murphy reached on infield single to third , Walton scored , Seager to second , Haniger to third . Fraley walked , Haniger scored , Murphy to second , Seager to third . Trammell struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Fraley as designated hitter . Trammell in left field . Kelenic in center field . Walton at second base . Middleton pitching for Mariners . Fletcher singled to left . Fletcher to second on fielder 's indifference . Upton doubled to deep left center , Fletcher scored . Ohtani walked . Rendon doubled to deep left , Upton scored , Ohtani to third . Steckenrider pitching for Mariners . Walsh struck out swinging . Lagares grounded out to shortstop , Ohtani scored . Iglesias struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 9 - Angels 5 .	Walton homers , Gilbert gets 1st win as Mariners down Angels