Orioles - Top 1st . Cobb pitching for Angels . Mullins struck out swinging . Hays struck out swinging . Mancini grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Fletcher singled to right . Ohtani walked , Fletcher to second . Rendon walked , Ohtani to second , Fletcher to third . Walsh reached on infield single to second , Fletcher scored , Rendon to second , Ohtani to third . Gosselin grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ohtani scored , Walsh out at second , Rendon to third . Stassi grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gosselin out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Cobb pitching for Angels . Mountcastle flied out to center . Santander grounded out to second . Severino struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Iglesias reached on infield single to second . Rengifo struck out swinging . Lagares doubled to deep center , Iglesias scored . Fletcher grounded out to second , Lagares to third . Ohtani intentionally walked . Rendon struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Cobb pitching for Angels . Leyba walked . Urías singled to right , Leyba to third . Valaika grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Leyba scored , Urías out at second . Mullins grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Valaika out at second . Hays flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Walsh grounded out to third . Gosselin walked . Stassi struck out swinging . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gosselin out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Cobb pitching for Angels . Mancini struck out looking . Mountcastle reached on infield single to shortstop . Santander grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mountcastle out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Rengifo flied out to left . Lagares grounded out to third . Fletcher flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Cobb pitching for Angels . Severino grounded out to shortstop . Leyba grounded out to first . Urías lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Ohtani grounded out to second . Rendon struck out swinging . Walsh doubled to deep left . Gosselin singled to left center , Walsh scored . Stassi singled to center , Gosselin to second . Plutko pitching for Orioles . Iglesias grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Cobb pitching for Angels . Valaika grounded out to shortstop . Mullins lined out to center . Hays grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Plutko pitching for Orioles . Rengifo reached on infield single to shortstop . Rengifo to second on wild pitch by Plutko . Lagares lined out to right . Rengifo to third on passed ball by Severino . Fletcher flied out to right . Ohtani intentionally walked . Rendon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Cobb pitching for Angels . Mancini reached on infield single to second . Mountcastle struck out looking . Santander grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mancini out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Plutko pitching for Orioles . Walsh struck out swinging . Gosselin lined out to left . Stassi walked . Iglesias walked , Stassi to second . Mattson pitching for Orioles . Rengifo walked , Iglesias to second , Stassi to third . Lagares flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Ward in left field . Cobb pitching for Angels . Severino grounded out to pitcher . Leyba struck out looking . Urías singled to deep right . Cishek pitching for Angels . Valaika reached on infield single to third , Urías to second . Mullins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Mattson pitching for Orioles . Fletcher struck out swinging . Ohtani flied out to right . Rendon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Iglesias pitching for Angels . Hays struck out looking . Mancini struck out swinging . Mountcastle flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 1 - Angels 4 .	Angels defeat Orioles 4 - 1 to extend winning streak to 3