Angels - Top 1st . Watkins pitching for Orioles . Ohtani struck out swinging . Fletcher popped out to third . Gosselin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Bundy pitching for Angels . Mullins struck out swinging . Mountcastle homered to left ( 390 feet ) . Mancini walked . Santander grounded out to second , Mancini to second . Hays struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Watkins pitching for Orioles . Walsh struck out looking . Iglesias struck out , Iglesias to first on wild pitch by Watkins . Stassi singled to center , Iglesias to second . Marsh singled to left center , Iglesias scored , Stassi to third . Adell tripled to deep center , Stassi scored and Marsh scored . Lagares homered to center ( 426 feet ) , Adell scored . Ohtani flied out to left . Fletcher grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Bundy pitching for Angels . Urías walked . Severino struck out looking . Jones hit by pitch , Urías to second . Mateo walked , Jones to second , Urías to third . Guerra pitching for Angels . Mullins flied out to right . Mountcastle grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Watkins pitching for Orioles . Gosselin singled to left . Walsh singled to center , Gosselin to third . Iglesias doubled to deep left , Gosselin scored , Walsh to third . Stassi hit by pitch . Wade pitching for Orioles . Marsh lined out to second . Adell singled to center , Iglesias scored and Walsh scored , Stassi to second . Lagares grounded out to first , Adell to second , Stassi to third . Ohtani intentionally walked . Fletcher lined out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Guerra pitching for Angels . Mancini grounded out to third . Santander doubled to right . Hays struck out swinging . Urías doubled to right , Santander scored . Severino grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Wade pitching for Orioles . Gosselin singled to shallow center . Walsh walked , Gosselin to second . Iglesias singled to left , Gosselin scored , Walsh to second . Stassi doubled to deep right center , Walsh scored , Iglesias to third . Marsh singled to right , Iglesias scored , Stassi to third . Adell grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Marsh to second , Stassi out at home . Lagares singled to right center , Marsh scored , Adell to third . Abad pitching for Orioles . Ohtani struck out swinging . Fletcher singled to right , Adell scored , Lagares to second . Gosselin lined out to right . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Guerra pitching for Angels . Jones struck out looking . Mateo reached on infield single to shortstop . Mullins struck out swinging . Mountcastle struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Abad pitching for Orioles . Walsh singled to center . Iglesias lined out to center . Stassi grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Walsh out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Guerra pitching for Angels . Mancini singled to right center . Santander doubled to deep right , Mancini scored . Hays doubled to center , Santander to third . Urías singled to right , Santander scored and Hays scored . Wantz pitching for Angels . Severino struck out looking . Jones struck out looking . Mateo singled to shallow left , Urías to second . Mullins lined out to center . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Abad pitching for Orioles . Marsh singled to left . Adell struck out swinging . Lagares struck out looking . Ohtani walked , Marsh to second . Fletcher grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Wantz pitching for Angels . Mountcastle homered to right ( 358 feet ) . Mancini struck out swinging , Mancini safe at first on throwing error by catcher Stassi . Santander homered to right ( 443 feet ) , Mancini scored . Hays struck out looking . Warren pitching for Angels . Urías struck out swinging . Severino doubled to right . Jones struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 7th . Urías at shortstop . Gutierrez at third base . Abad pitching for Orioles . Gosselin grounded out to second . Walsh safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Jones . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Walsh out at second . Diplán pitching for Orioles . Stassi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Mayfield at third base . Warren pitching for Angels . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Mullins walked . Cishek pitching for Angels . Mountcastle lined out to shortstop . Mancini grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Diplan pitching for Orioles . Marsh singled to left . Adell struck out swinging . Lagares grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Marsh out at second . Ohtani singled to right center , Lagares to second . Fletcher reached on infield single to second , Lagares scored on error , Ohtani to second , Ohtani safe at third on fielding error by center fielder Mullins . Mayfield lined out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Cishek pitching for Angels . Santander singled to center . Hays struck out swinging . Urías struck out swinging . Iglesias pitching for Angels . Severino grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Santander out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Fry pitching for Orioles . Walsh grounded out to pitcher . Iglesias walked . Stassi struck out swinging . Marsh struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Iglesias pitching for Angels . Jones fouled out to first . Gutierrez grounded out to pitcher . Mullins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 14 - Orioles 8 .	Orioles losing streak reaches 19 with 14 - 8 loss to Angels