Angels - Top 1st . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Fletcher grounded out to third . Ohtani struck out swinging . Gosselin homered to left ( 389 feet ) . Walsh grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Naughton pitching for Angels . Anderson struck out swinging . Moncada hit by pitch . Abreu lined out to center . Grandal flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Rengifo struck out swinging . Mayfield struck out swinging . Marsh struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Naughton pitching for Angels . Jiménez struck out looking . Robert homered to left ( 434 feet ) . García doubled to left . Sheets singled to left , García scored . Hernandez flied out to center . Anderson singled to center , Sheets to third . Moncada grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Stassi struck out swinging . Lagares struck out swinging . Fletcher lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Naughton pitching for Angels . Abreu walked . Grandal grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Abreu out at second . Jiménez singled to center . Robert doubled to deep center , Jiménez to third . Wantz pitching for Angels . García reached on infield single to second , Jiménez scored , Robert to third . Sheets homered to right ( 447 feet ) , Robert scored and García scored . Hernandez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Ohtani struck out looking . Gosselin walked . Walsh homered to right ( 359 feet ) , Gosselin scored . Rengifo reached on infield single to second . Mayfield walked , Rengifo to second . Marsh popped out to third . Stassi struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Wantz pitching for Angels . Anderson struck out swinging . Moncada singled to shallow center . Abreu walked , Moncada to second . Grandal singled to right , Moncada scored , Grandal out stretching at second , Abreu to third . Ortega pitching for Angels . Jiménez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Wright Jr. pitching for White Sox . Lagares grounded out to third . Fletcher walked . Fletcher to second on wild pitch by Wright Jr .. Ohtani walked . Gosselin flied out to right . Walsh walked , Ohtani to second , Fletcher to third . Rengifo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Ortega pitching for Angels . Robert hit by pitch . García flied out to center . Sheets doubled to deep right , Robert to third . Hernandez singled to right , Robert scored , Sheets to third . Sheets scored on balk , Hernandez to second on balk . Anderson grounded out to third . Moncada grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Mayfield safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Anderson . Marsh struck out swinging . Stassi singled to center , Mayfield to second . Lagares reached on infield single to third , Stassi to second , Mayfield to third . Fletcher grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lagares out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Tyler pitching for Angels . Abreu walked . Grandal lined into double play , shortstop to first , Abreu doubled off first . Jiménez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Ohtani grounded out to third . Gosselin grounded out to second . Walsh struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Tyler pitching for Angels . Robert lined out to shortstop . García grounded out to pitcher . Sheets grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Burr pitching for White Sox . Rengifo walked . Mayfield popped out to third . Marsh singled to deep right , Rengifo to third . Stassi walked , Marsh to second . Lagares grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Stassi out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Tyler pitching for Angels . Hernandez singled to right . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernandez out at second . Moncada popped out to shortstop . Abreu hit by pitch , Anderson to second . Grandal grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Fletcher grounded out to second . Ohtani struck out swinging . Gosselin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 3 - White Sox 9 .	Sheets , White Sox beat Angels 9 - 3 in Maddon 's Chicago return