Marlins - Top 1st. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Villar safe at first on error by pitcher Velasquez. Villar picked off first. Berti struck out swinging. Dickerson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Dugger pitching for Marlins. Haseley singled to left. Hoskins doubled to deep left, Haseley to third. Harper homered to right (393 feet), Haseley scored and Hoskins scored. Realmuto grounded out to third. Gregorius flied out to left. Segura singled to left. Bruce tripled to deep center, Segura scored. Kingery flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Aguilar homered to right center (399 feet). Anderson hit by pitch. Cervelli lined out to center. Díaz singled to right, Anderson to third. Rojas homered to left (367 feet), Anderson scored and Díaz scored. Sierra walked. Sierra picked off first. Villar grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Dugger pitching for Marlins. Walker grounded out to first. Haseley doubled to deep left. Haseley scored on throwing error by catcher Cervelli. Hoskins grounded out to shortstop. Harper fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 3rd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Berti struck out swinging. Dickerson flied out to center. Aguilar walked. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Dugger pitching for Marlins. Realmuto struck out swinging. Gregorius flied out to left. Segura struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Irvin pitching for Phillies. Cervelli lined out to shortstop. Díaz singled to right center. Rojas tripled to deep right, Díaz scored. Sierra doubled to shallow right center, Rojas scored. Villar grounded out to third. Berti struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Dugger pitching for Marlins. Bruce walked. Kingery flied out to center. Gosselin hit for Walker. Tarpley pitching for Marlins. Gosselin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bruce out at second. Haseley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Gosselin as designated hitter. Irvin pitching for Phillies. Dickerson singled to center. Aguilar singled to shallow right center, Dickerson to second. McClain pitching for Phillies. Anderson homered to right (347 feet), Dickerson scored and Aguilar scored. Cervelli walked. Díaz flied out to left. Rojas singled to shallow center, Cervelli to second. Sierra grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rojas out at second, Cervelli to third. Villar flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Holloway pitching for Marlins. Hoskins walked. Harper lined out to center. Realmuto reached on infield single to second, Hoskins to second. Gregorius reached on infield single to first, Realmuto to second, Hoskins to third. Brigham pitching for Marlins. Segura popped out to shortstop. Bruce flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Berti flied out to right. Dickerson homered to right (421 feet). Aguilar popped out to first. Anderson fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Brigham pitching for Marlins. Kingery fouled out to first. Gosselin singled to center. Haseley doubled to deep left, Gosselin scored. García pitching for Marlins. Hoskins walked. Harper walked, Hoskins to second, Haseley to third. Realmuto popped out to second. Gregorius lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Cervelli lined out to right. Díaz lined out to center. Rojas hit by pitch. Rojas to second on wild pitch by Pivetta. Sierra tripled to deep right center, Rojas scored. Villar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Garcia pitching for Marlins. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Bruce doubled to deep left center. Scott Kingery grounds out softly, catcher Francisco Cervelli to first baseman Jesus Aguilar.  Scott Kingery out on batter interference. Yimi Garcia pitches to Scott Kingery. Gosselin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Berti flied out to left. Dickerson flied out to left. Aguilar walked. Anderson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Boxberger pitching for Marlins. Haseley singled to shallow left. Hoskins walked, Haseley to second. Harper flied out to left. Realmuto struck out looking. Gregorius walked, Hoskins to second, Haseley to third. Segura flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Cervelli struck out looking. Neris pitching for Phillies. Díaz grounded out to first. Rojas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Kintzler pitching for Marlins. Bruce grounded out to second. Kingery popped out to second. Gosselin walked. Haseley safe at first on error by pitcher Kintzler, Haseley safe at second on error, Gosselin safe at third on error. Hoskins lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Marlins 11 - Phillies 6.	Phillies pound four home runs as Marlins pitchers labor through 179 pitches