Marlins - Top 1st. Voth pitching for Nationals. Berti popped out to shortstop. Joyce lined out to first. Aguilar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Turner flied out to right. Eaton grounded out to first. Soto singled to center. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Soto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Voth pitching for Nationals. Dickerson singled to right center. Anderson flied out to left. Sanchez grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Dickerson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Cabrera walked. Garcia grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. Gomes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Voth pitching for Nationals. Alfaro struck out swinging. Villar singled to right. Villar stole second. Rojas struck out swinging. Berti walked. Joyce reached on infield single to third, Berti to second, Villar to third. Aguilar walked, Villar scored, Joyce to second, Berti to third. Dickerson flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Thames walked. Robles struck out looking. Turner grounded out to third, Thames to second. Eaton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Voth pitching for Nationals. Anderson singled to center. Sanchez lined out to right. Alfaro hit by pitch, Anderson to second. Villar singled to left center, Anderson scored, Alfaro to second. Rojas walked, Villar to second, Alfaro to third. Berti popped out to first. Joyce singled to right, Alfaro scored and Villar scored, Rojas to third. Guerra pitching for Nationals. Aguilar doubled to deep center, Joyce scored and Rojas scored. Dickerson singled to right center, Aguilar scored. Anderson singled to left, Dickerson to second. Sanchez flied out to center. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Soto doubled to right. Kendrick struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to first, Soto to third. Garcia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Guerra pitching for Nationals. Alfaro lined out to right. Villar struck out swinging. Rojas walked. Berti singled to right, Rojas to second. Joyce popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Gomes safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Anderson, Gomes safe at second on error. Thames doubled to center, Gomes to third. Robles hit sacrifice fly to center, Gomes scored, Thames to third. Turner flied out to right. Eaton singled to left, Thames scored. Soto singled to deep center, Eaton to third. Kendrick singled to right, Eaton scored, Soto to second. Cabrera grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 6th. Guerra pitching for Nationals. Aguilar singled to left. Suero pitching for Nationals. Dickerson flied out to left. Anderson struck out swinging. Sanchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Vincent pitching for Marlins. Garcia grounded out to pitcher. Gomes doubled to deep left. Thames struck out swinging. Robles lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Suero pitching for Nationals. Alfaro struck out swinging. Villar grounded out to first. Bacus pitching for Nationals. Rojas walked. Berti homered to right center (417 feet), Rojas scored. Joyce singled to center. Aguilar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Bleier pitching for Marlins. Turner doubled to deep right. Eaton lined out to left. Soto hit ground rule double to deep right, Turner scored. Hoyt pitching for Marlins. Kendrick walked. Cabrera grounded out to first, Kendrick to second, Soto to third. Garcia singled to right, Soto scored, Kendrick to third. Gomes grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Bacus pitching for Nationals. Dickerson singled to left. Anderson grounded out to third, Dickerson to second. Sanchez walked. Alfaro hit ground rule double to deep center, Dickerson scored, Sanchez to third. Harper pitching for Nationals. Villar struck out swinging. Rojas reached on infield single to shortstop, Sanchez scored, Alfaro to third. Berti grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Eibner pitching for Marlins. Thames lined out to right. Robles walked. Turner walked, Robles to second. Eaton homered to right (403 feet), Robles scored and Turner scored. Boxberger pitching for Marlins. Soto grounded out to second. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Finnegan pitching for Nationals. Joyce grounded out to shortstop. Aguilar singled to right. Dickerson grounded out to pitcher, Aguilar to second. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Kintzler pitching for Marlins. Cabrera walked. Garcia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second, Garcia safe at second on fielding error by first baseman Aguilar. Gomes grounded out to shortstop, Garcia to third. Thames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Marlins 11 - Nationals 8.	Aguilar drives in 3 runs, Marlins outlast Nationals 11-8