Phillies - Top 1st. Castano pitching for Marlins. McCutchen popped out to second. Hoskins grounded out to second. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Parker pitching for Phillies. Dickerson struck out looking. Marte grounded out to pitcher. Joyce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Castano pitching for Marlins. Realmuto singled to deep left center. Segura singled to shallow right, Realmuto to second. Gosselin grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Segura out at second, Realmuto to third. Bohm grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Parker pitching for Phillies. Anderson flied out to center. Cooper popped out to second. Díaz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Castano pitching for Marlins. Knapp singled to right. Knapp to second on passed ball by Alfaro. Torreyes lined out to center. McCutchen reached on infield single to first, Knapp to third. Hoskins grounded out to pitcher, Knapp scored, McCutchen to second. Harper walked. Realmuto popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Hembree pitching for Phillies. Rojas grounded out to shortstop. Brinson homered to left (395 feet). Alfaro lined out to first. Suárez pitching for Phillies. Dickerson reached on infield single to first. Marte walked, Dickerson to second. Aguilar hit for Joyce. Aguilar lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Aguilar as designated hitter. Castano pitching for Marlins. Segura flied out to left. Gosselin grounded out to third. Bohm doubled to deep left. Hoyt pitching for Marlins. Knapp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Anderson reached on infield single to third. Cooper singled to right, Anderson to third. Díaz singled to left, Anderson scored, Cooper to second. Hale pitching for Phillies. Rojas reached on bunt single to catcher, Díaz to second, Cooper to third. Brinson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rojas to second, Díaz to third, Cooper out at home. Alfaro reached on infield single to shortstop, Díaz scored and Rojas scored, Brinson to second. Corey Dickerson grounds out softly, pitcher David Hale to first baseman Rhys Hoskins.  Corey Dickerson out on batter interference. David Hale pitches to Corey Dickerson. Marte struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Boxberger pitching for Marlins. Torreyes doubled to deep right center. McCutchen singled to center, Torreyes scored. Hoskins struck out swinging. Harper struck out swinging. Realmuto reached on infield single to second, McCutchen to second. Segura walked, Realmuto to second, McCutchen to third. Haseley hit for Gosselin. Haseley grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Harper in right field. Haseley in center field. Hale pitching for Phillies. Aguilar grounded out to second. Anderson walked. Cooper singled to right, Anderson to second. Phelps pitching for Phillies. Díaz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cooper to second, Anderson out at third. Rojas grounded into fielder's choice to second, Díaz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Kintzler pitching for Marlins. Bohm singled to deep center. Knapp grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bohm out at second. Gregorius hit for Torreyes. Gregorius grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Knapp out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Gregorius at shortstop. Phelps pitching for Phillies. Brinson popped out to second. Alfaro struck out swinging. Dickerson reached on infield single to third. Harrison ran for Dickerson. Harrison stole second. Marte singled to right, Harrison scored. Aguilar popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Harrison in right field. Brinson in left field. García pitching for Marlins. McCutchen struck out swinging. Hoskins popped out to first. Harper hit ground rule double to deep right. Realmuto singled to center, Harper scored. Segura struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 3 - Marlins 5.	Alfaro's 2 RBIs help Marlins earn split against Phils, 5-3