Phillies - Top 1st. Urena pitching for Marlins. McCutchen struck out looking. Hoskins safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Anderson. Hoskins to second on wild pitch by Ureña. Harper walked. Realmuto walked, Harper to second, Hoskins to third. Gregorius homered to right (366 feet), Hoskins scored, Harper scored and Realmuto scored. Segura struck out swinging. Bohm grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Howard pitching for Phillies. Dickerson walked. Marte lined into double play, second to first, Dickerson doubled off first. Aguilar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Urena pitching for Marlins. Haseley grounded out to pitcher. Garlick popped out to second. McCutchen singled to center. Hoskins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Howard pitching for Phillies. Joyce flied out to center. Anderson struck out looking. Cooper grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Urena pitching for Marlins. Harper homered to left (375 feet). Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Gregorius grounded out to shortstop. Segura lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Howard pitching for Phillies. Díaz struck out looking. Rojas popped out to first. Alfaro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Bohm flied out to right. Haseley walked. Garlick flied out to left. McCutchen walked, Haseley to second. Hoskins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Howard pitching for Phillies. Dickerson struck out swinging. Marte struck out swinging. Aguilar singled to right center. Joyce walked, Aguilar to second. Anderson homered to left (388 feet), Aguilar scored and Joyce scored. Hembree pitching for Phillies. Cooper grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Harper singled to center. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harper out at second. Gregorius singled to center, Realmuto to third. Hoyt pitching for Marlins. Realmuto scored on Hoyt wild pitch, Gregorius to second on wild pitch by Hoyt. Segura popped out to first. Gregorius to third on pickoff error by catcher Alfaro. Bohm grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Hembree pitching for Phillies. Díaz flied out to left. Rojas singled to left center. Alfaro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rojas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Stanek pitching for Marlins. Haseley singled to center. Garlick struck out swinging. McCutchen walked, Haseley to second. Hoskins fouled out to catcher. Harper walked, McCutchen to second, Haseley to third. Realmuto flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Romero pitching for Phillies. Dickerson fouled out to third. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Aguilar doubled to deep center. Brinson hit for Joyce. Brinson doubled to left, Aguilar scored. Anderson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Brinson in right field. Bleier pitching for Marlins. Gregorius grounded out to pitcher. Segura singled to center. Bohm singled to right, Segura to third. Haseley reached on infield single to catcher, Segura scored, Bohm to second. Smith pitching for Marlins. Garlick hit into fielder's choice to center, Haseley out at second, Bohm to third. McCutchen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Romero pitching for Phillies. Cooper singled to deep right. Díaz grounded out to third, Cooper to second. Chisholm hit for Rojas. Workman pitching for Phillies. Chisholm walked. Alfaro struck out swinging. Dickerson reached on infield single to catcher, Cooper scored on throwing error by catcher Realmuto, Dickerson to second, Chisholm safe at third on error. Marte grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 8th. Chisholm at shortstop. Smith pitching for Marlins. Hoskins struck out swinging. Harper doubled to right. Realmuto grounded out to third. Gregorius walked. Segura singled to deep center, Harper scored, Gregorius to third. Bohm doubled to shallow left, Gregorius scored, Segura to third. Haseley walked. Garlick doubled to left, Haseley scored, Segura scored and Bohm scored. McCutchen lined out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Workman pitching for Phillies. Aguilar homered to left center (398 feet). Brinson grounded out to pitcher. Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop. Hunter pitching for Phillies. Cooper struck out swinging. Díaz grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Quezada pitching for Marlins. Hoskins grounded out to shortstop. Harper grounded out to first. Knapp hit for Realmuto. Knapp flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Knapp catching. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Chisholm struck out looking. Alfaro reached on infield single to catcher. Dickerson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Alfaro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 12 - Marlins 6.	Harper sheds batting funk, leads Phillies past Marlins 12-6