Phillies - Top 1st. Garrett pitching for Marlins. McCutchen struck out looking. Segura struck out swinging. Harper flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Dickerson walked. Marte reached on infield single to catcher, Dickerson to second. Aguilar singled to right, Dickerson scored, Marte to third. Joyce singled to left, Marte scored, Aguilar to second. Anderson singled to right, Aguilar scored, Joyce to third. Cooper struck out swinging, Anderson out at second. Chisholm grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Garrett pitching for Marlins. Bohm homered to center (436 feet). Gregorius singled to right. Gosselin walked, Gregorius to second. Garlick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gosselin to second, Gregorius out at third. Knapp struck out swinging. Torreyes grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Rojas grounded out to third. Wallach grounded out to third. Dickerson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Garrett pitching for Marlins. McCutchen singled to left. Segura grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McCutchen out at second. Harper struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Marte doubled to deep left. Aguilar doubled to deep left, Marte scored. Joyce grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Aguilar out at third. Anderson struck out swinging. Cooper grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Garrett pitching for Marlins. Bohm walked. Gregorius struck out swinging. Gosselin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bohm out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Chisholm struck out looking. Rojas singled to left. Wallach struck out swinging. Dickerson popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Garrett pitching for Marlins. Garlick struck out swinging. Knapp grounded out to third. Torreyes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Marte doubled to first. Aguilar walked. Brinson hit for Joyce. Suárez pitching for Phillies. Brinson popped out to first. Anderson grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Aguilar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Brinson in right field. García pitching for Marlins. McCutchen lined out to left. Segura flied out to right. Harper singled to left. Bohm struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Cooper walked. Chisholm singled to shallow left, Cooper to second. Rojas doubled to left, Chisholm scored and Cooper scored. Wallach homered to center (413 feet), Rojas scored. Harrison hit for Dickerson. Harrison reached on infield single to third. Marte flied out to center. Aguilar struck out swinging. Brinson grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Harrison in right field. Brinson in left field. Vincent pitching for Marlins. Gregorius struck out swinging. Gosselin flied out to center. Garlick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 1 - Marlins 8.	Sanchez shuts down Phillies in first career complete game