Twins - Top 1st . Miley pitching for Astros . Garver reached on infield single to shortstop . Polanco struck out looking . Cruz walked , Garver to second . Rosario homered to left ( 339 feet ) , Garver scored and Cruz scored . Cron grounded out to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Pineda pitching for Twins . Springer walked . Altuve struck out looking . Bregman fouled out to first . Brantley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Miley pitching for Astros . Schoop doubled to left . Kepler struck out looking . Buxton flied out to center . Garver struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Pineda pitching for Twins . Correa singled to left . Gurriel popped out to second . Reddick grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Correa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Miley pitching for Astros . Polanco flied out to right . Cruz struck out looking . Rosario flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Pineda pitching for Twins . White walked . Stassi singled to center , White to second . Springer singled to center , White scored , Stassi to second . Altuve grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Springer out at second , Stassi to third . Bregman flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Miley pitching for Astros . Cron grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Schoop struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Pineda pitching for Twins . Brantley grounded out to third . Correa struck out looking . Gurriel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Miley pitching for Astros . Kepler grounded out to second . Buxton grounded out to second . Garver struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Pineda pitching for Twins . Reddick doubled to deep left . White singled to right , Reddick to third . Stassi flied out to right . Springer doubled to left , Reddick scored , White to third . Altuve struck out swinging . Bregman singled to left , White scored and Springer scored , Bregman thrown out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Miley pitching for Astros . Polanco flied out to center . Cruz lined out to first . Rosario grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Pineda pitching for Twins . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . Correa doubled to left . Harper pitching for Twins . Gurriel lined out to right , Correa to third . Reddick grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Rondón pitching for Astros . Cron struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Schoop doubled to deep right center . Kepler singled to right center , Schoop scored . Buxton singled to right , Kepler to third . Buxton stole second . Garver flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Hildenberger pitching for Twins . White singled to shallow center . Marisnick ran for White . Stassi grounded out to shortstop , Marisnick to second . Springer walked . Altuve walked , Springer to second , Marisnick to third . Bregman hit sacrifice fly to right , Marisnick scored , Springer to third . Mejía pitching for Twins . Brantley singled to left , Springer scored , Altuve to second . Duffey pitching for Twins . Correa out on batter interference . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Marisnick as designated hitter . Pressly pitching for Astros . Polanco grounded out to second . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Duffey pitching for Twins . Gurriel safe at first on error by shortstop Polanco . Reddick singled to right , Gurriel to third . Marisnick grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Gurriel scored on throwing error by pitcher Duffey , Reddick safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Duffey . Marisnick to second on passed ball by Garver , Reddick to third on passed ball by Garver . Marisnick to second on passed ball by Garver , Reddick to third on passed ball by Garver . Stassi struck out swinging . Springer struck out looking . Altuve homered to left ( 391 feet ) , Reddick scored and Marisnick scored . Bregman walked . Brantley grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Harris pitching for Astros . Cron grounded out to second . Gonzalez flied out to left . Schoop grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 4 - Astros 10 .	Altuve , Bregman help Astros rally for 10 - 4 win over Twins