Astros - Top 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Springer singled to center . Altuve lined out to right . Bregman hit sacrifice fly to right , Springer scored . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Blackmon grounded out to first . Story struck out swinging . Dahl doubled to shallow left . Arenado doubled to deep center , Dahl scored . Arenado to third on wild pitch by Urquidy . Murphy grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Gurriel homered to left center ( 401 feet ) . Reddick struck out looking . Chirinos struck out swinging . Straw singled to right . Straw to second on passed ball by Wolters . Urquidy grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Desmond singled to left . McMahon singled to left center , Desmond to third . Desmond scored on Urquidy wild pitch , McMahon to second on wild pitch by Urquidy . Wolters struck out looking . Márquez grounded out to second , McMahon to third . Blackmon walked . Story struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Springer singled to right . Altuve singled to left center , Springer to second . Bregman flied out to left . Brantley doubled to deep center , Altuve scored and Springer scored . Gurriel doubled to right , Brantley scored . Reddick struck out swinging . Chirinos struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Dahl struck out swinging . Arenado grounded out to pitcher . Murphy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Straw grounded out to second . Urquidy struck out looking . Springer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Desmond singled to left . McMahon reached on infield single to first , Desmond to second . Wolters flied out to left . Márquez sacrificed to third , McMahon to second , Desmond to third . James pitching for Astros . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Altuve singled to left . Bregman grounded out to shortstop , Altuve to second . Brantley struck out swinging . Gurriel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . James pitching for Astros . Story reached on infield single to catcher . Dahl singled to center , Story to third . Arenado walked , Dahl to second . Murphy walked , Story scored , Arenado to second , Dahl to third . Desmond doubled to right , Dahl scored and Arenado scored , Murphy to third . McMahon grounded out to shortstop , Murphy scored , Desmond to third . Wolters grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Desmond scored on throwing error by second baseman Altuve , Wolters safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Altuve , Wolters out at second . Márquez flied out to right . Josh James pitches to Charlie Blackmon . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 6th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Reddick grounded out to first . Chirinos flied out to center . Straw walked . White hit for James . White grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Straw out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Harris pitching for Astros . Blackmon singled to center . Story safe at first on error by second baseman Altuve , Blackmon safe at second on error by second baseman Altuve . Dahl singled to right center , Story to second , Blackmon to third . Arenado reached on infield single to third , Blackmon scored , Dahl to second , Story to third . Murphy grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Arenado to second , Dahl to third , Story out at home . Desmond grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 7th . Shaw pitching for Rockies . Springer doubled to deep right center . Altuve doubled to shallow left , Springer scored . Bregman doubled to deep right center , Altuve scored . McGee pitching for Rockies . Brantley grounded out to second , Bregman to third . Gurriel homered to left ( 428 feet ) , Bregman scored . Reddick popped out to shortstop . Chirinos struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Devenski pitching for Astros . McMahon walked . Wolters struck out swinging , McMahon stole second . Tapia hit for McGee . Tapia lined out to right . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Straw struck out looking . Kemp hit for Devenski . Kemp popped out to second . Springer grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Pressly pitching for Astros . Story flied out to center . Dahl struck out swinging . Arenado struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Altuve singled to right . Bregman fouled out to first . Altuve stole second . Brantley walked . Marisnick ran for Brantley . Gurriel struck out swinging . Reddick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Marisnick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Springer in right field . Marisnick in center field . Reddick in left field . Osuna pitching for Astros . Murphy flied out to center . Desmond struck out swinging . McMahon singled to right . Hampson ran for McMahon . Wolters grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 9 - Rockies 8 .	Gurriel hits 2 HRs , Astros beat Rockies , 9 - 8