Angels - Top 1st . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Fletcher doubled to center . Trout struck out swinging . Ohtani grounded out to first , Fletcher to third . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Suarez pitching for Angels . Springer reached on infield single to catcher . Altuve reached on bunt single to catcher , Springer to second . Bregman lined out to left . Brantley struck out swinging . Gurriel popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Simmons grounded out to third . Pujols struck out looking . Thaiss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Suarez pitching for Angels . Alvarez popped out to shortstop . White reached on infield single to second . Stassi struck out swinging . Kemp homered to right ( 370 feet ) , White scored . Springer singled to center . Springer stole second . Altuve grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Urquidy pitching for Astros . Lucroy doubled to deep center . Rengifo singled to right , Lucroy to third . Lucroy scored on Urquidy wild pitch , Rengifo to second on wild pitch by Urquidy . Fletcher singled to left , Rengifo scored on throwing error by left fielder Alvarez and Rengifo scored , Fletcher safe at second on throwing error by left fielder Alvarez . Trout flied out to center , Fletcher to third . Ohtani homered to left center ( 397 feet ) , Fletcher scored . Calhoun singled to left . Simmons singled to center , Calhoun to second . Pujols doubled to left , Calhoun scored , Simmons to third . Devenski pitching for Astros . Thaiss struck out swinging . Lucroy flied out to right . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Suarez pitching for Angels . Bregman struck out looking . Brantley grounded out to pitcher . Gurriel walked . Alvarez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Devenski pitching for Astros . Rengifo singled to center . Fletcher doubled to deep left , Rengifo to third . Trout hit sacrifice fly to center , Rengifo scored , Fletcher to third . Ohtani grounded out to second . Calhoun grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Suarez pitching for Angels . White popped out to second . Stassi walked . Kemp hit by pitch , Stassi to second . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Springer flied out to center , Stassi to third . Altuve grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . James pitching for Astros . Simmons singled to center . Simmons stole second . Pujols struck out swinging . Thaiss struck out swinging . Lucroy tripled to deep center , Simmons scored . Rengifo walked . Fletcher struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Fletcher at third base . Parker in left field . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Bregman struck out swinging . Brantley singled to left . Brantley to second on passed ball by Lucroy . Gurriel walked . Alvarez singled to center , Brantley scored , Gurriel to second . White doubled to shallow left , Gurriel scored , Alvarez to third . Reddick hit for Stassi . Anderson pitching for Angels . Reddick struck out swinging . Kemp walked . Springer struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Springer in center field . Reddick in right field . Chirinos catching . McHugh pitching for Astros . Trout homered to right center ( 391 feet ) . Ohtani lined out to center . Calhoun lined out to right . Simmons singled to center . Pujols grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Altuve doubled to deep center . Bregman walked . Brantley singled to right , Bregman to second , Altuve to third . Gurriel homered to left ( 407 feet ) , Altuve scored , Bregman scored and Brantley scored . Alvarez doubled to left . White struck out swinging . Reddick grounded out to shortstop . Chirinos flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Parker grounded out to third . Lucroy struck out swinging . Rengifo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Buttrey pitching for Angels . Springer struck out swinging . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . Bregman lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Harris pitching for Astros . Fletcher walked . Trout homered to center ( 424 feet ) , Fletcher scored . Ohtani grounded out to shortstop . Calhoun grounded out to second . Simmons flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Buttrey pitching for Angels . Brantley singled to shallow left center . Gurriel singled to right , Brantley to second . Gurriel to second on wild pitch by Buttrey , Brantley to third on wild pitch by Buttrey . Alvarez singled to center , Brantley scored and Gurriel scored . Marisnick ran for Alvarez . White singled to shallow left , Marisnick to second . Robles pitching for Angels . Reddick walked , White to second , Marisnick to third . Chirinos lined out to pitcher . Springer flied into double play , right to catcher , Reddick to second , White to third , Marisnick out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Springer in right field . Marisnick in center field . Reddick in left field . Osuna pitching for Astros . Pujols fouled out to first . Parker walked . Bour hit for Lucroy . Bour struck out swinging . Rengifo walked , Parker to second . Fletcher lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Garneau catching . Robles pitching for Angels . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . Bregman walked . Brantley singled to center , Bregman to second . Gurriel popped out to second . Marisnick walked , Brantley to second , Bregman to third . White struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 10th . Pressly pitching for Astros . Trout grounded out to shortstop . Ohtani struck out swinging . Calhoun singled to left center . Simmons struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 10th . Cole pitching for Angels . Reddick doubled to right center . Chirinos lined out to second . Springer singled to deep right , Reddick scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 10 - Astros 11 .	Springer 's single in 10th lifts Astros over Angels 11 - 10