Astros - Top 1st . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Springer singled to right . Altuve lined out to left . Brantley singled to deep right , Springer to third . Bregman walked , Brantley to second . Alvarez struck out swinging . Correa flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Armenteros pitching for Astros . Semien flied out to center . Grossman lined out to center . Chapman doubled to deep right center . Olson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Gurriel popped out to catcher . Maldonado singled to left . Marisnick grounded out to pitcher , Maldonado to second . Springer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Armenteros pitching for Astros . Canha grounded out to shortstop . Piscotty struck out swinging . Davis lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Altuve singled to center . Brantley singled to center , Altuve to second . Bregman doubled to deep center , Altuve scored , Brantley to third . Alvarez hit sacrifice fly to left , Brantley scored . Correa walked . Gurriel struck out swinging . Maldonado struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Armenteros pitching for Astros . Joseph singled to right . Phegley singled to center , Joseph to second . Semien reached on infield single to pitcher , Phegley to second , Joseph to third . Grossman singled to center , Joseph scored , Semien to second , Phegley to third . Chapman walked , Phegley scored , Grossman to second , Semien to third . Olson singled to right center , Semien scored , Chapman to second , Grossman to third . Canha singled to right , Chapman scored and Grossman scored , Canha thrown out at second , Olson to third . Piscotty struck out swinging . Davis grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Marisnick popped out to shortstop . Springer lined out to right . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Armenteros pitching for Astros . Joseph popped out to shortstop . Phegley grounded out to third . Semien struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Brantley flied out to center . Bregman fouled out to first . Alvarez homered to right ( 429 feet ) . Correa grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Devenski pitching for Astros . Grossman walked . Chapman hit by pitch , Grossman to second . Olson singled to deep right , Grossman scored , Chapman to third . Canha singled to left center , Chapman scored , Olson to third . Piscotty hit sacrifice fly to right , Olson scored . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Canha out at second . Joseph flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Gurriel singled to left . Maldonado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gurriel out at second . Marisnick popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Phegley singled to center . Semien lined out to right . Grossman struck out looking . Chapman doubled to left , Phegley to third . Olson walked . Canha struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Treinen pitching for Athletics . Springer singled to center . Altuve flied out to right . Brantley grounded out to first , Springer to second . Bregman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . McHugh pitching for Astros . Piscotty doubled to center . Davis flied out to right . Joseph grounded out to first , Piscotty to third . Pinder ran for Piscotty . Phegley fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Pinder in right field . Buchter pitching for Athletics . Alvarez homered to center ( 418 feet ) . Correa fouled out to first . Gurriel popped out to third . Maldonado flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Smith pitching for Astros . Semien lined out to left . Grossman struck out looking . Chapman singled to shallow right . Olson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Petit pitching for Athletics . Marisnick struck out swinging . Springer flied out to right . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 4 - Athletics 8 .	Chapman , Canha back Bassitt in A 's 8 - 4 win over Astros