Nationals - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Astros . Turner walked . Eaton singled to left , Turner to second . Rendon doubled to deep left , Eaton scored and Turner scored . Soto struck out swinging . Kendrick flied out to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Springer struck out swinging . Altuve doubled to left . Altuve caught stealing third , catcher to third . Brantley singled to center . Bregman homered to left ( 411 feet ) , Brantley scored . Gurriel grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Astros . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Suzuki singled to left center . Robles struck out swinging . Turner flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Alvarez lined out to second . Correa struck out looking . Chirinos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Astros . Eaton flied out to center . Rendon grounded out to second . Soto doubled to right . Kendrick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Reddick struck out swinging . Springer popped out to second . Altuve safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Turner . Brantley singled to right , Altuve to third . Bregman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brantley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Astros . Cabrera struck out swinging . Zimmerman reached on infield single to catcher . Suzuki lined out to left . Robles popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Gurriel struck out swinging . Alvarez singled to right . Correa grounded out to third , Alvarez to second . Chirinos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Astros . Turner singled to right center . Eaton grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Turner out at second . Rendon walked . Soto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Reddick grounded out to first . Springer grounded out to shortstop . Altuve singled to left center . Brantley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Verlander pitching for Astros . Kendrick lined out to center . Cabrera struck out swinging . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Bregman grounded out to shortstop . Gurriel doubled to left . Alvarez intentionally walked . Correa popped out to second . Tucker hit for Chirinos . Tucker struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Maldonado catching . Verlander pitching for Astros . Suzuki homered to left ( 381 feet ) . Robles walked . Pressly pitching for Astros . Turner walked , Robles to second . Eaton sacrificed to pitcher , Turner to second , Robles to third . Rendon flied out to center . Soto intentionally walked . Kendrick reached on infield single to shortstop , Robles scored , Soto to second , Turner to third . Cabrera singled to shallow center , Soto scored and Turner scored , Kendrick to second . Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Pressly , Kendrick to third on wild pitch by Pressly . Zimmerman reached on infield single to third , Kendrick scored , Cabrera scored on throwing error by third baseman Bregman , Zimmerman safe at second . James pitching for Astros . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 7th . Rodney pitching for Nationals . Reddick walked . Springer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reddick out at second . Altuve popped out to shortstop . Brantley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . James pitching for Astros . Robles struck out , Robles to first on passed ball by Maldonado . Turner struck out swinging . Eaton homered to right ( 365 feet ) , Robles scored . Rendon struck out swinging . Soto walked . Kendrick singled to left , Soto to second . Rondón pitching for Astros . Cabrera singled to center , Soto scored , Kendrick to third . Zimmerman grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Taylor in center field . Rainey pitching for Nationals . Bregman flied out to right . Gurriel lined out to center . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Springer in right field . Marisnick in center field . Reddick in left field . Devenski pitching for Astros . Suzuki grounded out to third . Taylor homered to left ( 393 feet ) . Turner struck out swinging . Parra hit for Eaton . Parra flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Parra in right field . Guerra pitching for Nationals . Correa flied out to center . Maldonado homered to left center ( 409 feet ) . Reddick grounded out to second . Springer safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rendon . Altuve singled to center , Springer to second . Marisnick grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Nationals 12 - Astros 3 .	Strasburg stars as Nats rout Astros 12 - 3 for 2 - 0 Series lead