Rays - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Meadows struck out swinging. Margot flied out to center. Wendle grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Hill pitching for Rays. Rojas walked. Marte singled to left center, Rojas to second. Marte stole second, Rojas stole third. Aguilar hit sacrifice fly to center, Rojas scored. Cooper struck out looking. Brinson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Díaz singled to left. Kiermaier grounded out to pitcher, Díaz to second. Adames grounded out to third. Zunino homered to left (397 feet), Díaz scored. Brosseau struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Hill pitching for Rays. Chisholm popped out to third. Berti doubled to right center. Wallach reached on infield single to second, Berti scored. Hernandez struck out bunting foul. Rojas doubled to deep left, Wallach thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Marlins. Hill struck out looking. Campbell pitching for Marlins. Meadows singled to right center. Margot singled to right center, Meadows to second. Wendle struck out swinging, Margot safe at second on throwing error by catcher Wallach, Meadows to third on wild pitch by Campbell. Díaz lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Hill pitching for Rays. Marte grounded out to second. Aguilar flied out to center. Cooper homered to left (364 feet). Brinson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Campbell pitching for Marlins. Kiermaier grounded out to first. Adames popped out to shortstop. Zunino flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Hill pitching for Rays. Chisholm walked. Berti struck out looking. Chisholm stole second. Chisholm stole third. Wallach hit sacrifice fly to right, Chisholm scored. Campbell struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Campbell pitching for Marlins. Brosseau singled to right center. Tsutsugo hit for Hill. Tsutsugo sacrificed to pitcher, Brosseau to second. Meadows walked. Margot singled to right, Brosseau scored, Meadows to third. Cimber pitching for Marlins. Wendle singled to left, Meadows scored, Margot to second. Díaz doubled to right, Wendle scored and Margot scored. Kiermaier lined into double play, center to second, Díaz doubled off second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Archer pitching for Rays. Tsutsugo at first base. Rojas flied out to left. Marte singled to center. Aguilar doubled to deep right, Marte scored. Aguilar scored on error, Cooper safe at first on fielding error by right fielder Meadows, Cooper safe at second on error. Brinson struck out swinging. Chisholm flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Top 6th. Pop pitching for Marlins. Adames flied out to center. Zunino fouled out to shortstop. Brosseau flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Archer pitching for Rays. Berti struck out swinging. Wallach singled to shallow center. Dickerson hit for Pop. Dickerson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wallach out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Bleier pitching for Marlins. Tsutsugo grounded out to first. Meadows struck out swinging. Margot grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Archer pitching for Rays. Rojas walked. Marte singled to center, Rojas to second. Thompson pitching for Rays. Aguilar walked, Marte to second, Rojas to third. Cooper singled to right, Rojas scored, Aguilar to second, Marte to third. Brinson struck out swinging. Springs pitching for Rays. Chisholm struck out looking. Berti singled to right, Aguilar scored and Marte scored, Cooper to third. Berti to second on wild pitch by Springs. Wallach struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Floro pitching for Marlins. Wendle doubled to deep right. Mejía hit for Springs. Mejía popped out to second. Kiermaier grounded out to second, Wendle to third. Wendle scored on error, Adames safe at first on error by first baseman Aguilar. Lowe hit for Zunino. Lowe flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Mejía catching. McHugh pitching for Rays. Duvall hit for Floro. Duvall homered to left (408 feet). Rojas walked. Rojas to second on passed ball by Mejía. Marte tripled to deep right, Rojas scored. Aguilar grounded out to first. Cooper doubled to deep center, Marte scored. Brinson popped out to first. Chisholm struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Bass pitching for Marlins. Anderson at third base. Duvall in right field. Brosseau popped out to first. Tsutsugo flied out to center. Meadows struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 7 - Marlins 12.	Rays land Raley for $10M, trade Wendle to Marlins, sign Choi