Rays - Top 1st. Lester pitching for Nationals. Margot singled to right. Margot stole second, Margot safe at third on throwing error by catcher Gomes. Arozarena hit sacrifice fly to center, Margot scored. Franco grounded out to second. Díaz homered to left (424 feet). Choi struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Rasmussen pitching for Rays. Schwarber struck out swinging. Turner singled to right center. Turner stole second. Soto walked. Soto stole second, Turner stole third. Bell singled to center, Turner scored and Soto scored. Gomes grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bell out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Lester pitching for Nationals. Zunino flied out to right. Kiermaier struck out swinging. Brosseau singled to left. Rasmussen singled to center, Brosseau to third. Margot walked, Rasmussen to second. Arozarena flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Rasmussen pitching for Rays. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Parra fouled out to left. Mercer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Lester pitching for Nationals. Franco singled to center. Díaz flied out to right. Franco stole second. Choi grounded out to first, Franco to third. Zunino homered to left (381 feet), Franco scored. Kiermaier flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Sherriff pitching for Rays. Lester grounded out to pitcher. Schwarber hit by pitch. Turner doubled to left, Schwarber to third. Soto singled to left center, Schwarber scored, Turner to third. Bell singled to left, Turner scored, Soto to second. Kittredge pitching for Rays. Gomes singled to left, Bell to second, Soto to third. Castro singled to right center, Bell scored and Soto scored, Gomes to second. Castro to second on wild pitch by Kittredge, Gomes to third on wild pitch by Kittredge. Parra struck out swinging. Mercer struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Lester pitching for Nationals. Brosseau walked. Phillips hit for Kittredge. Brosseau stole second. Phillips fouled out to left. Margot grounded out to second, Brosseau to third. Arozarena doubled to right, Brosseau scored. Franco grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Wacha pitching for Rays. Lester flied out to center. Schwarber struck out swinging. Turner homered to right center (400 feet). Soto singled to left. Bell walked, Soto to second. Gomes walked, Bell to second, Soto to third. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bell out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Lester pitching for Nationals. Díaz struck out swinging. Choi flied out to center. Zunino lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Wacha pitching for Rays. Parra grounded out to second. Mercer homered to left (395 feet). Lester struck out swinging. Schwarber struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Machado pitching for Nationals. Kiermaier struck out swinging. Brosseau flied out to shortstop. Wacha struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Wacha pitching for Rays. Turner tripled to deep right. Soto singled to left, Turner scored. Soto stole second. Bell grounded out to shortstop, Soto to third. Gomes struck out swinging. Castro homered to center (415 feet), Soto scored. Parra singled to right center. Mercer struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Machado pitching for Nationals. Margot grounded out to second. Arozarena lined out to shortstop. Franco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Mejía catching. Feyereisen pitching for Rays. Harrison hit for Machado. Harrison singled to right. Schwarber flied out to center. Zimmerman hit for Turner. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Soto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Harper pitching for Nationals. Mercer at shortstop. Harrison at second base. Díaz struck out swinging. Choi grounded out to second. Mejía singled to right. Kiermaier grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Fairbanks pitching for Rays. Bell walked. Bell to second on wild pitch by Fairbanks. Gomes singled to left, Bell scored. Castro walked, Gomes to second. Parra struck out looking. Mercer reached on infield single to second, Castro to second, Gomes to third. Harrison doubled to deep right, Gomes scored and Castro scored, Mercer to third. Schwarber walked. Robles hit for Harper. Castillo pitching for Rays. Robles hit sacrifice fly to right, Mercer scored, Harrison to third. Soto flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Robles in center field. Lobstein pitching for Nationals. Parra in right field. Brosseau struck out swinging. Meadows hit for Castillo. Meadows walked. Margot singled to left, Meadows to second. McGowin pitching for Nationals. Arozarena grounded into fielder's choice to third, Margot safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Castro, Meadows out at third. Franco singled to center, Margot scored, Arozarena to second. Díaz grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 6 - Nationals 15.	Birthday boy Turner ties mark with 3rd cycle, Nats top Rays