Rays - Top 1st. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Lowe grounded out to second. Franco grounded out to second. Wendle grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. Segura flied out to right. Realmuto lined out to third. Harper singled to center. Hoskins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Arozarena struck out swinging. Phillips flied out to left. Díaz safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Galvis. Kiermaier fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. McCutchen singled to left center. Galvis walked, McCutchen to second. Torreyes singled to shallow center, Galvis to second, McCutchen to third. Williams grounded into double play, third to second to first, McCutchen scored, Torreyes out at second, Galvis to third. Wheeler lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Mejía struck out swinging. Yarbrough struck out swinging. Lowe grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. Segura grounded out to second. Realmuto grounded out to first. Harper walked. Hoskins lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Franco doubled to right. Franco scored, Wendle safe at first on fielding error by left fielder McCutchen, Wendle advanced to second. Arozarena grounded out to third, Wendle to third. Phillips struck out swinging. Díaz singled to right, Wendle scored. Kiermaier grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. McCutchen lined out to right. Galvis grounded out to shortstop. Torreyes singled to center. Williams grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Mejía flied out to center. Yarbrough struck out swinging. Lowe homered to right (419 feet). Franco grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. Wheeler singled to center. Armstrong pitching for Rays. Segura grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wheeler out at second. Realmuto struck out swinging. Harper homered to center (445 feet), Segura scored. Hoskins flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Wendle singled to right. Arozarena grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wendle out at second. Phillips struck out swinging, Arozarena caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Armstrong pitching for Rays. McCutchen flied out to right. Galvis struck out swinging. Torreyes fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Díaz struck out swinging. Kiermaier struck out looking. Mejía singled to center. Meadows hit for Armstrong. Meadows lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Herrera hit for Williams. Chargois pitching for Rays. Herrera struck out swinging. Wheeler flied out to left. Segura grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Herrera in center field. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Lowe struck out swinging. Franco reached on infield single to second. Wendle singled to right, Franco to third. Arozarena grounded out to shortstop, Franco scored, Wendle to second. Phillips struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. McHugh pitching for Rays. Margot in left field. Realmuto reached on infield single to third. Harper grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Realmuto out at second. Hoskins homered to left (371 feet). McCutchen singled to deep right center. Galvis lined out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Wheeler pitching for Phillies. Díaz singled to deep right. Kiermaier doubled to left, Díaz to third. Mejía homered to right (409 feet), Díaz scored and Kiermaier scored. Brogdon pitching for Phillies. Margot struck out swinging. Lowe flied out to right. Franco doubled to deep center. Wendle struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Gregorius hit for Torreyes. McHugh pitching for Rays. Gregorius lined out to right. Herrera grounded out to first. Miller hit for Brogdon. Miller flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 7 - Phillies 4.	Mejia's 3-run homer in 9th leads Rays past skidding Phillies