Rays - Top 1st. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Arozarena struck out swinging. Franco tripled to deep center. Cruz singled to center, Franco scored. Díaz reached on infield single to catcher, Cruz to second. Luplow struck out swinging. Margot reached on infield single to third, Díaz to second, Cruz to third. Meadows struck out swinging. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. Motter grounded out to pitcher. Schwarber singled to right center. Renfroe singled to deep left, Schwarber to third. Martinez singled to center, Schwarber scored, Renfroe to second. Devers struck out swinging. Dalbec walked, Martinez to second, Renfroe to third. Verdugo grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Mejía grounded out to pitcher. Walls flied out to right. Arozarena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. Vázquez singled to deep left. Araúz flied out to left. Motter doubled to deep left center, Vázquez scored. Schwarber hit by pitch. Renfroe doubled to deep left, Motter scored, Schwarber to third. Martinez intentionally walked. Devers singled to center, Schwarber scored, Martinez to second, Renfroe to third. Dalbec doubled to left, Renfroe scored and Martinez scored, Devers to third. Verdugo hit sacrifice fly to center, Devers scored, Dalbec to third. Vázquez grounded out to third. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Franco singled to left. Cruz struck out swinging. Díaz flied out to right. Luplow walked, Franco to second. Margot struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Armstrong pitching for Rays. Araúz grounded out to shortstop. Motter struck out swinging. Schwarber struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Meadows flied out to center. Mejía flied out to left. Walls reached on infield single to third. Arozarena singled to right, Walls to second. Franco singled to right, Arozarena to second, Walls to third. Cruz safe at third on fielding error by center fielder Verdugo, Walls scored, Arozarena scored and Franco scored, Cruz scored on throwing error by second baseman Motter. Díaz reached on infield single to third. Luplow reached on infield single to catcher, Díaz to second. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Margot lined out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Armstrong pitching for Rays. Renfroe lined out to third. Martinez grounded out to second. Devers singled to center. Dalbec flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Meadows grounded out to shortstop. Mejía flied out to right. Walls struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Conley pitching for Rays. Verdugo struck out swinging. Vázquez struck out swinging. Araúz popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Arozarena struck out looking. Franco singled to center. Cruz struck out swinging. Díaz singled to right, Franco to second. Luplow singled to left, Franco scored, Díaz to third. Margot grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Díaz at first base. Wendle at third base. Chargois pitching for Rays. Motter tripled to deep center. Schwarber walked. Renfroe singled to left center, Motter scored, Schwarber to second. Martinez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Renfroe out at second, Schwarber to third. Devers intentionally walked. Dalbec grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Devers out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Taylor pitching for Red Sox. Meadows flied out to left. Zunino hit for Mejía. Zunino doubled to deep left. Walls grounded out to shortstop, Zunino to third. Ottavino pitching for Red Sox. Arozarena singled to center, Zunino scored. Franco lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Zunino catching. Feyereisen pitching for Rays. Verdugo grounded out to third. Vázquez flied out to center. Araúz homered to right center (416 feet). Motter struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Iglesias at shortstop. Araúz at second base. Ottavino pitching for Red Sox. Cruz homered to left (406 feet). Díaz struck out swinging. Davis pitching for Red Sox. Wendle grounded out to shortstop. Margot flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Robertson pitching for Rays. Schwarber struck out looking. Renfroe walked. Martinez struck out swinging. Devers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. Meadows homered to center (393 feet), Meadows scored. Zunino struck out swinging. Walls struck out swinging. Arozarena grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Arozarena in left field. Shaw hit for Dalbec. Margot in right field. McHugh pitching for Rays. Shaw hit ground rule double to left. Verdugo intentionally walked. Cordero ran for Shaw. Vázquez fouled out to catcher. Araúz grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Verdugo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 10th. Cordero at first base. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. Franco grounded out to pitcher. Cruz singled to right, Arozarena scored, Cruz to second. Lowe hit for Díaz. Lowe singled to right, Cruz scored on error, Lowe safe at second on throwing error by right fielder Renfroe. Gonsalves pitching for Red Sox. Wendle walked. Margot grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wendle out at second, Lowe to third. Kiermaier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Margot out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 10th. Lowe at first base. Araúz to third on balk. McHugh pitching for Rays. Iglesias singled to right, Araúz scored. Schwarber struck out swinging. Renfroe safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Wendle, Iglesias to second. Martinez lined out to right. Devers walked, Renfroe to second, Iglesias to third. Plawecki hit for Cordero. Plawecki grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Rays 11 - Red Sox 10.	Meadows, Rays rally from 6 runs down, beat Bosox 11-10 in 10