Rangers - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Borbon grounded out to second . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Hamilton doubled to deep left , Young to third . Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to center , Young scored . Cruz struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Jeter singled to right . Johnson walked , Jeter to second . Teixeira grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second , Jeter to third . Jeter scored on Teagarden 's passed ball . Rodriguez walked . Cano grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Davis struck out swinging . Arias struck out swinging . Teagarden struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Swisher lined out to shortstop . Thames reached on infield single to third . Granderson fouled out to first . Cervelli struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Andrus struck out swinging . Borbon struck out swinging . Young fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Jeter struck out swinging . Johnson hit by pitch . Teixeira lined out to right . Johnson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rodriguez batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Hamilton grounded out to second . Guerrero grounded out to third . Cruz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez hit by pitch . Cano reached on infield single to shortstop , Rodriguez to second . Swisher walked , Rodriguez to third , Cano to second . Thames struck out looking . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rodriguez and Cano scored on throwing error by first baseman Davis , Swisher safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Davis . Cervelli singled to left , Swisher scored , Granderson to second . Jeter flied out to right , Granderson to third . Johnson flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Davis struck out swinging . Arias singled to center . Teagarden struck out looking . Andrus lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Teixeira struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Cano flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Borbon hit by pitch . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Borbon out at second . Hamilton struck out swinging . Guerrero popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Swisher grounded out to third . Thames singled to left center . Granderson struck out swinging . Gardner stole second . Cervelli reached on infield single to shortstop , Gardner to third . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop , Gardner scored , Cervelli to second . Johnson flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 1 - Yankees 5 .	CC , Yanks win in six