Tigers - Top 1st . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Jackson struck out looking . Damon walked . Ordonez popped out to second . Cabrera walked , Damon to second . Boesch flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Thomas pitching for Tigers . Andrus grounded out to third . Young singled to right . Hamilton singled to center , Young to second . Guerrero doubled to deep center , Young and Hamilton scored , Guerrero out stretching at third . Cruz doubled to right . Smoak popped out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Inge singled to shallow center . Raburn flied out to right . Laird lined into double play , right to first , Inge doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Thomas pitching for Tigers . Arias singled to center . Teagarden walked , Arias to second . Borbon sacrificed to third , Arias to third , Teagarden to second . Andrus singled to left , Arias scored , Teagarden to third . Young walked , Andrus to second . Hamilton struck out swinging . Guerrero reached on infield single to shortstop , Teagarden scored , Andrus to third , Young to second . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Everett singled to center . Jackson reached on bunt single to catcher , Everett to second . Damon doubled to right , Everett and Jackson scored , Damon to third advancing on throw . Ordonez grounded out to first , Damon scored . Cabrera doubled to deep left . Boesch flied out to center . Inge flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Thomas pitching for Tigers . Smoak grounded out to shortstop . Arias fouled out to third . Teagarden singled to shallow center . Borbon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Raburn walked . Laird flied out to left . Santiago singled to left , Raburn to second . Jackson grounded out to first , Raburn to third , Santiago to second . Raburn scored , Santiago to third on wild pitch by Feldman . Santiago scored on error by catcher Teagarden . Damon walked . Damon stole second . Ordonez doubled to deep center , Damon scored . Cabrera doubled to deep right , Ordonez scored . Boesch singled to right , Cabrera scored . Inge flied out to right . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Andrus singled to center . Young grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Andrus out at second . Hamilton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Raburn grounded out to third . Laird walked . Santiago grounded out to first , Laird to second . Jackson singled to right , Laird to third . Damon walked , Jackson to second . Ordonez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Guerrero safe at second on error by left fielder Boesch . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Smoak walked . Arias grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Smoak out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 6th . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Boesch grounded out to first . Inge grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Teagarden grounded out to pitcher . Borbon grounded out to shortstop . Andrus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Raburn reached on bunt single to pitcher . Laird grounded out to third , Raburn to second . Santiago struck out looking . Jackson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Young flied out to center . Hamilton struck out swinging . Guerrero singled to right . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Damon grounded out to first . Ordonez walked . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ordonez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Smoak struck out looking . Arias struck out swinging . Teagarden struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Kelly grounded out to shortstop . Inge grounded out to shortstop . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Valverde pitching for Tigers . Borbon grounded out to second . Andrus grounded out to second . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Young to second on fielder 's indifference . Hamilton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 8 - Rangers 4 .	Feldman implodes early as Tigers stop Rangers