Rangers - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Andrus lined out to pitcher . Young singled to center . Hamilton struck out swinging . Guerrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to first . Figgins singled to right . Gutierrez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Figgins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Kinsler singled to left center . Murphy singled to left center , Kinsler to second . Smoak walked , Kinsler to third , Murphy to second . Treanor struck out swinging . Borbon grounded out to first , Kinsler scored , Murphy to third , Smoak to second . Andrus doubled to center , Murphy and Smoak scored . Young grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Lopez singled to right . Bradley flied out to right . Sweeney singled to center , Lopez to second . Kotchman walked , Lopez to third , Sweeney to second . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kotchman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Hamilton flied out to left . Guerrero singled to right . Guerrero caught stealing second , catcher to second . Kinsler walked . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Ja Wilson reached on infield single to second . Suzuki sacrificed to third , Ja Wilson to second . Figgins walked . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Lopez singled to left center , Ja Wilson scored , Figgins to third . Bradley reached on infield single to third , Figgins scored , Lopez to second . Sweeney flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Smoak flied out to left . Treanor reached on bunt single to third . Borbon struck out looking . Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop , Treanor to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Andrus out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Kotchman grounded out to third . Johnson popped out to second . Ja Wilson safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Young . Suzuki lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Hamilton homered to left ( 365 feet ) . Guerrero grounded out to third . Kinsler walked . Murphy walked , Kinsler to second . Smoak singled to right center , Kinsler scored , Murphy to third . Treanor walked , Smoak to second . Borbon grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Murphy out at home , Smoak to third , Treanor to second . Andrus struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Figgins safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Young . Gutierrez reached on bunt single to first , Figgins to third . Lopez grounded out to second , Figgins scored , Gutierrez to second . Bradley struck out looking . Sweeney flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 6th . Colome pitching for Mariners . Young struck out swinging . Hamilton flied out to left . Guerrero grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Kotchman struck out swinging . Johnson walked . Ja Wilson flied out to center . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Colome pitching for Mariners . Kinsler flied out to right . Murphy flied out to left . Smoak lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . O'Day pitching for Rangers . Figgins grounded out to first . Gutierrez grounded out to pitcher . Lopez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Texeira pitching for Mariners . Treanor lined out to shortstop . Borbon reached on bunt single to catcher . Andrus bunt grounded out to pitcher , Borbon to second . Young singled to center , Borbon scored . Hamilton singled to right , Young to third . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hamilton out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Ray pitching for Rangers . Bradley singled to right . Bradley to second on wild pitch by Ray . Sweeney flied out to center . Kotchman lined out to center . Johnson walked . Griffey Jr flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Texeira pitching for Mariners . Kinsler singled to center . Murphy struck out swinging . Smoak grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Kinsler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Suzuki walked . Figgins walked , Suzuki to second . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Lopez fouled out to first . Bradley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 6 - Mariners 3 .	Rangers tag five runs on Hernandez to rout M 's