Rangers - Top 1st . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Andrus singled to right . Young lined out to shortstop . Andrus caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Pennington singled to center . Barton hit ground rule double to deep center , Pennington to third . Sweeney grounded out to first , Pennington scored , Barton to third . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop , Barton scored . Chavez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Guerrero struck out looking . Kinsler singled to right center . Murphy flied out to left . Smoak flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Rosales singled to left . Patterson grounded out to first , Rosales to second . Powell grounded out to first , Rosales to third . Davis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Ramirez walked . Borbon grounded into double play , second to first , Ramirez out at second . Andrus reached on bunt single to pitcher . Young walked , Andrus to second . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Pennington struck out swinging . Barton flied out to right . Sweeney grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Guerrero flied out to left . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Murphy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Kouzmanoff flied out to right . Chavez struck out looking . Rosales struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Smoak struck out looking . Ramirez walked . Borbon singled to right , Ramirez to second . Andrus grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Borbon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Patterson homered to right ( 383 feet ) . Powell walked . Davis popped out to second . Pennington fouled out to second . Barton walked , Powell to second . Sweeney flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Young safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Kouzmanoff . Hamilton singled to right , Young to third . Ross pitching for Athletics . Guerrero singled to left , Young scored , Hamilton to second . Kinsler grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guerrero out at second , Hamilton to third . Murphy grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Kouzmanoff singled to left . Chavez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kouzmanoff out at second . Rosales safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Young . Patterson walked . Patterson stole second . Powell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Ross pitching for Athletics . Smoak doubled to right . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Borbon bunt grounded out to pitcher , Smoak to third . Andrus flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Davis singled to left . Pennington sacrificed to pitcher , Davis to second . Davis stole third . Barton singled to center , Davis scored , Barton to second on error by center fielder Borbon . Sweeney struck out swinging . Kouzmanoff intentionally walked . Fox hit for Chavez . Fox popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 8th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Young grounded out to third . Hamilton struck out swinging . Guerrero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . O'Day pitching for Rangers . Rosales struck out swinging . Patterson struck out swinging . Powell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Kinsler flied out to center . Murphy grounded out to pitcher . Smoak popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 1 - Athletics 4 .	Cahill , A 's top Rangers to take first