Rangers - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Andrus singled to center . Young singled to right , Andrus to third . Kinsler struck out looking . Guerrero walked , Young to second . Hamilton struck out swinging . Arias grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Harden pitching for Rangers . Pierre walked . Pierzynski doubled to deep right , Pierre to third . Rios flied out to center . Konerko grounded out to shortstop , Pierre scored . Kotsay flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Murphy singled to center . Treanor grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Murphy out at second . Gentry grounded into double play , third to second to first , Treanor out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Harden pitching for Rangers . Quentin homered to right center ( 417 feet ) . Ramirez singled to center . Vizquel singled to right , Ramirez to third . Beckham singled to center , Ramirez scored , Vizquel to third . Pierre bunt popped out foul to first . Pierzynski grounded out to third , Vizquel scored , Beckham to second . Rios flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Andrus lined out to left . Young popped out to shortstop . Kinsler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Harden pitching for Rangers . Konerko walked . Kotsay grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Konerko out at second . Quentin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Guerrero singled to left . Hamilton doubled to deep center , Guerrero to third . Arias reached on infield single to third . Murphy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Guerrero scored , Arias out at second , Hamilton to third . Treanor struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Harden pitching for Rangers . Ramirez fouled out to first . Vizquel walked . Beckham flied out to right . Pierre lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Gentry grounded out to shortstop . Andrus flied out to right . Young hit ground rule double to deep left center . Kinsler singled to left , Young scored . Guerrero flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Harden pitching for Rangers . Pierzynski doubled to deep right . Rios flied out to right . Konerko singled to center , Pierzynski to third . Kotsay struck out looking . Quentin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Konerko out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Hamilton grounded out to first . Arias singled to left . Murphy singled to center , Arias to second . Treanor singled to right , Arias to third , Murphy to second . Gentry singled to center , Arias and Murphy scored , Treanor to second . Santos pitching for White Sox . Treanor to third , Gentry to second on wild pitch by Santos . Andrus walked . Young hit sacrifice fly to center , Treanor scored , Gentry to third , Andrus to second . Kinsler doubled to deep left , Gentry and Andrus scored . Guerrero grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . O'Day pitching for Rangers . Ramirez flied out to left . Vizquel singled to right . Vizquel stole second . Beckham singled to left center , Vizquel scored , Beckham to second on error by left fielder Hamilton . Pierre walked . Ray pitching for Rangers . Pierzynski flied out to left . Rios reached on infield single to shortstop , Beckham to third , Pierre to second . Konerko walked , Beckham scored , Pierre to third , Rios to second . Kotsay flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Williams pitching for White Sox . Murphy singled to center , Hamilton to second . Putz pitching for White Sox . Treanor grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murphy out at second , Hamilton to third . Smoak hit for Gentry . Smoak singled to center , Hamilton scored , Treanor to second . Andrus struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Borbon in center field . Smoak at first base . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Quentin struck out swinging . Ramirez struck out looking . Vizquel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Putz pitching for White Sox . Young lined out to center . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero singled to center . Hamilton singled to center , Guerrero to second . Borbon lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Beckham struck out looking . Pierre grounded out to second . Pierzynski struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . Murphy flied out to left . Treanor flied out to right . Smoak homered to right ( 395 feet ) . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Rios singled to center . Konerko walked , Rios to second . Kotsay struck out looking . Quentin walked , Rios to third , Konerko to second . Lillibridge ran for Quentin . Ramirez popped out to second . Vizquel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 9 - White Sox 6 .	Kinsler , Rangers rally past Buehrle , ChiSox