Pirates - Top 1st . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Tabata singled to left center . Walker struck out looking . Tabata stole second . McCutchen walked . Jones singled to right , Tabata scored , McCutchen to second . Church struck out swinging . Alvarez doubled to left , McCutchen and Jones scored . Alvarez to third on wild pitch by Feldman . Doumit singled to right center , Alvarez scored . Milledge struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Andrus flied out to center . Young struck out swinging . Kinsler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Crosby grounded out to third . Tabata grounded out to second . Walker singled to left . McCutchen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Guerrero safe at first on error by shortstop Crosby . Hamilton doubled to deep right center , Guerrero to third . Cruz fouled out to first . Smoak grounded out to first , Guerrero scored , Hamilton to third . Treanor grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 3rd . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Jones singled to center . Jones caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Church struck out swinging . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Borbon grounded out to first . Andrus singled to left . Young struck out swinging . Kinsler fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Doumit reached on infield single to third . Milledge singled to right , Doumit to second . Crosby reached on bunt single to third , Doumit to third , Milledge to second . Tabata lined out to left . Walker hit sacrifice fly to left , Doumit scored , Milledge to third , Crosby to second on error by left fielder Hamilton . McCutchen struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Guerrero singled to left . Hamilton doubled to deep right , Guerrero to third . Cruz hit sacrifice fly to center , Guerrero scored , Hamilton to third . Smoak hit sacrifice fly to center , Hamilton scored . Treanor singled to left center . Borbon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Treanor out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Jones singled to right . Church grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jones out at second . Alvarez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Church out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Andrus struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . Kinsler singled to center . Guerrero flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Doumit grounded out to second . Milledge singled to right center . Milledge caught stealing second , catcher to second . Crosby grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Hamilton singled to left . Cruz struck out swinging . Hamilton stole second . Smoak walked . Donnelly pitching for Pirates . Treanor struck out swinging . Lopez pitching for Pirates . Borbon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Tabata reached on bunt single to pitcher . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Walker grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Tabata out at second . McCutchen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Meek pitching for Pirates . Andrus singled to right . Andrus stole second . Young tripled to deep right , Andrus scored . Kinsler singled to left center , Young scored , Kinsler out stretching at second . Guerrero grounded out to pitcher . Hamilton grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Jones flied out to left . Church flied out to left . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Hanrahan pitching for Pirates . Cruz grounded out to second . Smoak flied out to center . Treanor flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Doumit flied out to center . Milledge struck out swinging . Crosby doubled to deep left . Tabata reached on infield single to shortstop , Crosby to third . Walker flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Jackson pitching for Pirates . Borbon bunt grounded out to pitcher . Andrus walked . Young singled to left , Andrus to second . Kinsler flied out to center , Andrus to third . Guerrero singled to left , Andrus scored , Young to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 5 - Rangers 6 .	Rangers win 11 straight