Orioles - Top 1st . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Patterson struck out swinging . Tejada hit ground rule double to deep right center . Markakis flied out to center . Wigginton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Andrus flied out to center . Young flied out to center . Kinsler walked . Guerrero flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Jones struck out swinging . Pie flied out to center . Tatum struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Hamilton doubled to deep left center . Molina sacrificed to pitcher , Hamilton to third . Cruz singled to shallow right , Hamilton scored . Cruz stole second . Cruz safe at third on throwing error by catcher Tatum . Smoak struck out swinging . Borbon walked . Andrus reached on infield single to third , Borbon to third . Young singled to center , Borbon scored , Andrus to third . Kinsler grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Moore flied out to center . Lugo reached on infield single to shortstop . Patterson struck out swinging . Tejada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Guerrero flied out to left . Hamilton homered to right ( 413 feet ) . Molina flied out to center . Cruz popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Markakis doubled to deep right center . Wigginton grounded out to third . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Pie grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Smoak singled to right . Borbon popped out to second . Andrus grounded out to third , Smoak to second . Young grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Tatum flied out to right . Moore homered to right ( 409 feet ) . Lugo grounded out to third . Patterson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop . Guerrero walked , Kinsler to second . Hamilton walked , Kinsler to third , Guerrero to second . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to catcher to first , Kinsler out at home , Guerrero to third , Hamilton to second . Cruz walked . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Smoak lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Markakis flied out to left . Wigginton singled to right . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wigginton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Borbon lined out to third . Andrus struck out swinging . Young walked . Hernandez pitching for Orioles . Kinsler singled to center , Young to third . Guerrero popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Pie homered to right ( 410 feet ) . Tatum singled to left . Moore walked , Tatum to second . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Lugo struck out swinging . Patterson singled to center , Tatum scored , Moore to third . Tejada grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Patterson out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Orioles . Hamilton hit ground rule double to left . Molina flied out to center , Hamilton to third . Cruz struck out swinging . Smoak popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Markakis safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus . Markakis stole second . Wigginton singled to center , Markakis to third . Izturis ran for Wigginton . Jones hit by pitch , Izturis to second . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Pie hit by pitch , Markakis scored , Izturis to third , Jones to second . Tatum walked , Izturis scored , Jones to third , Pie to second . Moore popped out to shortstop . O'Day pitching for Rangers . Lugo singled to center , Jones scored , Pie thrown out at home , Tatum to second . Patterson grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Izturis at shortstop . Moore at first base . Lugo at second base . Berken pitching for Orioles . Borbon struck out looking . Andrus flied out to right . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Strop pitching for Rangers . Tejada struck out swinging . Markakis lined out to second . Izturis grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Simon pitching for Orioles . Kinsler flied out to left . Guerrero safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Tejada . Hamilton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Guerrero out at second . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Orioles 6 - Rangers 4 .	O 's rally for win as Rangers bullpen implodes