Rangers - Top 1st . Fister pitching for Mariners . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Young flied out to right . Hamilton hit by pitch . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hamilton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Suzuki struck out swinging . Figgins doubled to left . Kotchman walked . Gutierrez flied out to center . Branyan walked . Lopez singled to center , Figgins and Kotchman scored , Branyan to second . Moore walked , Branyan to third , Lopez to second . Saunders struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Fister pitching for Mariners . Cruz doubled to center . Murphy grounded out to second , Cruz to third . Guzman struck out swinging . Molina walked . Moreland flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Ja Wilson grounded out to third . Suzuki singled to center . Suzuki stole second . Figgins grounded out to pitcher . Kotchman walked . Suzuki stole third . Gutierrez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Fister pitching for Mariners . Andrus struck out swinging . Young grounded out to first . Hamilton singled to right . Guerrero doubled to left , Hamilton scored . Cruz singled to shallow center , Guerrero scored , Cruz to second advancing on throw . Murphy flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Branyan grounded out to second . Lopez singled to right . Moore homered to left ( 401 feet ) , Lopez scored . Saunders reached on bunt single to catcher . Saunders caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop to first to second to shortstop . Ja Wilson popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Guzman grounded out to second . Molina struck out swinging . Moreland grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to left . Suzuki stole second . Figgins sacrificed to pitcher , Suzuki to third . Kotchman grounded out to shortstop . Gutierrez doubled to left , Suzuki scored . Branyan walked . Lopez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Andrus hit by pitch . Young singled to right , Andrus to second . Hamilton flied out to center , Andrus to third . Andrus scored , Young to second on wild pitch by Fister . Guerrero flied out to center . Cruz intentionally walked . Murphy homered to right ( 392 feet ) , Young and Cruz scored . Guzman singled to right . Molina singled to center , Guzman to second . Seddon pitching for Mariners . Moreland singled to center , Guzman scored , Molina to second . Andrus reached on infield single to second , Molina to third , Moreland to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Moreland out at third , Andrus to second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Moore grounded out to second . Saunders struck out swinging . Ja Wilson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Seddon pitching for Mariners . Hamilton grounded out to second . Pauley pitching for Mariners . Guerrero struck out swinging . Cruz fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Figgins singled to right . Figgins stole second , Figgins safe at third on throwing error by catcher Molina . Kotchman hit sacrifice fly to right , Figgins scored . Gutierrez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Olson pitching for Mariners . Murphy struck out swinging . Guzman struck out swinging . Molina singled to shallow left . Moreland singled to center , Molina to second . Andrus reached on infield single to third , Molina to third , Moreland to second . Young homered to left ( 386 feet ) , Molina , Moreland and Andrus scored . Hamilton grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Branyan struck out swinging . Lopez lined out to pitcher . Moore struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Sweeney pitching for Mariners . Guerrero fouled out to catcher . Cruz walked . Murphy singled to center , Cruz to second . Guzman flied out to right , Cruz to third . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Saunders struck out swinging . Ja Wilson doubled to left . Suzuki reached on bunt single to catcher , Ja Wilson to third . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Suzuki stole second . Figgins struck out swinging . Kotchman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . White pitching for Mariners . Moreland flied out to left . Andrus struck out swinging . Young grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Gutierrez flied out to center . Branyan popped out to shortstop . Lopez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 11 - Mariners 6 .	Young slam , Murphy HR power Rangers past M 's