Rangers - Top 1st . Pavano pitching for Twins . Andrus grounded out to third . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Hamilton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Young out at second . Guerrero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Span walked . Hudson singled to left , Span to second . Cuddyer grounded out to first , Span to third , Hudson to second . Thome walked . Young popped out to second . Hardy hit ground rule double to deep left center , Span and Hudson scored , Thome to third . Repko hit by pitch . Tolbert tripled to right , Thome , Hardy and Repko scored . Butera flied out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Pavano pitching for Twins . Cruz grounded out to third . Kinsler grounded out to pitcher . Moreland grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Span flied out to left . Hudson struck out swinging . Cuddyer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Pavano pitching for Twins . Francoeur grounded out to third . Molina flied out to right . Andrus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Thome homered to right ( 422 feet ) . Young flied out to center . Hardy singled to center . Repko grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hardy out at second . Tolbert struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Young grounded out to third . Hamilton grounded out to second . Guerrero grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Guzman at shortstop . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Butera grounded out to shortstop . Span singled to right . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Span out at second . Cuddyer singled to left , Hudson to second . Thome homered to left center ( 406 feet ) , Hudson and Cuddyer scored . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Young walked . Hardy flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Cruz doubled to deep left . Kinsler singled to center , Cruz to third . Moreland singled to right , Cruz scored , Kinsler to second . Francoeur flied out to center , Kinsler to third . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , Moreland out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Borbon in center field . Teagarden catching . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Repko flied out to left . Tolbert flied out to right . Butera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Guzman singled to center . Young walked , Guzman to second . Borbon doubled to deep right center , Guzman and Young scored . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Borbon out at third . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guerrero out at second . Kinsler flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Harden pitching for Rangers . Span flied out to left . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Cuddyer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Moreland grounded out to second . Francoeur popped out to pitcher . Teagarden struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Cora at third base . Harden pitching for Rangers . Thome walked . Plouffe ran for Thome . Young grounded out to third , Plouffe to second . Hardy singled to right , Plouffe to third . Repko struck out swinging . Tolbert tripled to deep center , Plouffe and Hardy scored . Tolbert scored on Harden 's wild pitch . Butera flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Casilla at second base . Pavano pitching for Twins . Guzman singled to right . Cora singled to right center , Guzman to second . Borbon lined out to shortstop . Guerrero flied out to center . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Guzman out at third , Cora to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Strop pitching for Rangers . Span reached on infield single to shortstop . Casilla popped out to third . Cuddyer walked , Span to second . Plouffe struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Delaney pitching for Twins . Kinsler homered to left ( 369 feet ) . Moreland walked . Francoeur singled to center , Moreland to second . Teagarden grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Francoeur out at second , Moreland to third . Guzman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Teagarden out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - Twins 12 .	Twins ' Thome moves up HR list