Yankees - Top 1st . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Gardner flied out to center . Swisher struck out swinging . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Andrus walked . Young fouled out to right . Murphy grounded out to pitcher , Andrus to second . Guerrero singled to center , Andrus scored . Cruz struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez struck out looking . Cano doubled to deep right . Berkman singled to right center , Cano scored . Granderson singled to right , Berkman to second . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Granderson out at second , Berkman to third . Cervelli singled to right center , Berkman scored , Pena to third . Gardner walked , Cervelli to second . Swisher struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Kinsler grounded out to third . Moreland struck out swinging . Treanor singled to left center . Borbon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Teixeira struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Cano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Andrus struck out swinging . Young fouled out to right . Murphy walked . Guerrero doubled to deep left center , Murphy scored . Cruz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Berkman singled to left center . Granderson struck out swinging . Pena flied out to center . Cervelli walked , Berkman to second . Gardner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Kinsler flied out to left . Moreland grounded out to first . Treanor walked . Borbon singled to right , Treanor to second . Treanor to third , Borbon to second on wild pitch by Burnett . Andrus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Hunter pitching for Rangers . Swisher grounded out to second . Teixeira singled to center . Rodriguez walked , Teixeira to second . Cano lined into double play , second to shortstop , Teixeira doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Young flied out to right . Gaudin pitching for Yankees . Murphy struck out looking . Guerrero singled to left , Guerrero out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Berkman grounded out to first . Granderson reached on bunt single to first . Pena flied out to left . Cervelli walked , Granderson to second . Kearns hit for Gardner . Harden pitching for Rangers . Kearns hit by pitch , Granderson to third , Cervelli to second . Swisher flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Kearns in left field . Gaudin pitching for Yankees . Cruz singled to center . Kinsler singled to deep center , Cruz to third . Logan pitching for Yankees . Moreland struck out swinging . Treanor walked , Kinsler to second . Francoeur hit for Borbon . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to right , Cruz scored , Kinsler to third . Andrus singled to left , Kinsler scored , Treanor to third , Andrus to second advancing on throw . Young grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Murphy in center field . Cruz in left field . Francoeur in right field . Harden pitching for Rangers . Teixeira singled to shallow right . Rodriguez flied out to center . Cano singled to center , Teixeira to second . Berkman walked , Teixeira to third , Cano to second . Strop pitching for Rangers . Teixeira scored , Cano to third , Berkman to second on wild pitch by Strop . Granderson walked . Posada hit for Pena . Posada grounded into double play , second to first , Granderson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Nunez at shortstop . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Murphy singled to right . Guerrero lined out to left . Cruz struck out swinging . Kinsler walked , Murphy to second . Moreland singled to center , Murphy scored , Kinsler to second . Albaladejo pitching for Yankees . Treanor struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Davis at first base . Strop pitching for Rangers . Cervelli walked . Kearns struck out swinging . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Swisher singled to center , Cervelli to second . Teixeira walked , Cervelli to third , Swisher to second . Rodriguez doubled to left , Cervelli , Swisher and Teixeira scored . Rapada pitching for Rangers . Cano popped out to shortstop . Berkman intentionally walked . Granderson flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Wood pitching for Yankees . Francoeur singled to left . Andrus sacrificed to first , Francoeur to second . Young flied out to right , Francoeur to third . Murphy popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Nunez reached on infield single to shortstop . Nunez stole second . Cervelli sacrificed to third , Nunez to third . Thames hit for Kearns . Thames flied out to left . Swisher grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Golson in left field . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Guerrero walked . German ran for Guerrero . Cruz singled to right , German to third . Kinsler doubled to left , German scored , Cruz to third . Davis intentionally walked . Blanco hit for Treanor . Blanco popped out to first . Francoeur hit by pitch , Cruz scored , Kinsler to third , Davis to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 6 - Rangers 7 .	Rangers rally past Yankees \n\n