Tigers - Top 1st . Holland pitching for Rangers . Jackson struck out swinging . Sizemore walked . Raburn walked , Sizemore to second . Cabrera struck out looking . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Young singled to center . Murphy doubled to left , Young to third . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop , Young scored , Murphy to third . Cruz grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Inge hit by pitch . Wells singled to center , Inge to third . Laird struck out swinging . Santiago hit sacrifice fly to right , Inge scored . Jackson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Kinsler walked . Kinsler caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Moreland flied out to center . Treanor flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Sizemore singled to center . Raburn hit by pitch , Sizemore to second . Cabrera safe at first on error by second baseman Kinsler , Sizemore to third , Raburn to second . Peralta hit sacrifice fly to left , Sizemore scored . Inge flied out to left . Wells singled to left , Raburn scored , Cabrera to second . Laird flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Borbon popped out to shortstop . Andrus struck out swinging . Young flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Santiago safe at second on error by right fielder Cruz . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Sizemore singled to left , Santiago scored . Raburn flied out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Murphy homered to right ( 399 feet ) . Guerrero hit by pitch . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guerrero out at second . Cruz to second on wild pitch by Bonderman . Kinsler walked . Moreland singled to center , Cruz scored , Kinsler to second . Treanor struck out swinging . Borbon walked , Kinsler to third , Moreland to second . Andrus safe at first on error by third baseman Inge , Kinsler scored , Moreland to third , Borbon to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Andrus out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 5th . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Peralta lined out to first . Inge walked . Wells singled to right , Inge to second . Laird hit by pitch , Inge to third , Wells to second . Santiago struck out swinging . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Murphy doubled to deep left . Guerrero singled to center , Murphy to third . Cruz popped out to shortstop . Kinsler fouled out to catcher . Moreland walked , Guerrero to second . Treanor grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Rhymes hit for Sizemore . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Rhymes popped out to second . Raburn struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Rhymes at second base . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Borbon grounded out to shortstop . Weinhardt pitching for Tigers . Andrus singled to left . Young singled to right , Andrus to third . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Andrus scored , Young safe at second on error by second baseman Rhymes . Guerrero lined out to left . Cruz singled to left , Young scored , Murphy to third . Kinsler singled to center , Murphy scored , Cruz to third . Moreland grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 7th . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Peralta flied out to center . Inge grounded out to second . Wells reached on infield single to pitcher . Laird flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Treanor singled to right center . Borbon reached on bunt single to catcher , Treanor to second . Andrus reached on bunt single to third , Treanor to third , Borbon to second . Young doubled to right , Treanor , Borbon and Andrus scored . Murphy grounded out to second , Young to third . Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to center , Young scored . Cruz struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Cantu at third base . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Santiago popped out to shortstop . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Rhymes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Figaro pitching for Tigers . Kinsler walked . Moreland fouled out to third . Treanor grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kinsler out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Nippert pitching for Rangers . Raburn grounded out to third . Damon hit for Cabrera . Damon tripled to deep right . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Peralta popped out to second . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 4 - Rangers 11 .	Rangers win 6th straight as Murphy extends run