Tigers - Top 1st . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Jackson walked . Jackson stole second . Rhymes sacrificed to third , Jackson to third . Damon grounded out to first , Jackson scored . Cabrera walked . Raburn doubled to deep left , Cabrera scored . Boesch popped out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Andrus flied out to right . Young lined out to center . Murphy fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Peralta struck out swinging . Inge flied out to center . Avila safe at first on error by pitcher Lewis . Jackson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Guerrero homered to left center ( 437 feet ) . Cruz doubled to deep right center . Kinsler sacrificed to first , Cruz to third , Kinsler safe at second on throwing error by catcher Avila . Cruz scored on throwing error by catcher Avila . Moreland struck out swinging . Molina popped out to first . Borbon popped out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 3rd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Rhymes grounded out to shortstop . Damon grounded out to second . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop . Young singled to center , Andrus to third , Young to second advancing on throw . Murphy safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Galarraga , Andrus scored , Young to third . Guerrero grounded into double play , third to second to first , Young scored , Murphy out at second . Cruz walked . Kinsler flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 4th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Boesch struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Inge grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Moreland singled to right center . Molina struck out swinging . Borbon singled to right , Moreland to second . Andrus singled to left , Moreland to third , Borbon to second . Young hit sacrifice fly to right , Moreland scored , Borbon to third . Murphy homered to right ( 424 feet ) , Borbon and Andrus scored . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Guerrero popped out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Avila singled to right . Jackson flied out to right . Rhymes grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Avila safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Lewis . Damon walked , Avila to third , Rhymes to second . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right , Avila scored , Rhymes to third . Raburn doubled to deep right , Rhymes and Damon scored . Boesch lined out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Cruz doubled to left . Kinsler singled to center , Cruz scored . Moreland flied out to center . Molina popped out to second . Borbon lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Peralta safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Andrus . Inge flied out to center . Avila grounded out to first , Peralta to third . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Young singled to center . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at second . Perry pitching for Tigers . Murphy stole second . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Rhymes flied out to center . Damon tripled to deep center . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Damon scored . Raburn homered to center ( 419 feet ) . Wells hit for Boesch . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Wells singled to center . Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop , Wells to second . Inge fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Wells in right field . Perry pitching for Tigers . Cruz walked . Kinsler homered to center ( 423 feet ) , Cruz scored . Moreland grounded out to first . Molina popped out to second . Borbon grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Davis at first base . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Laird hit for Avila . Laird struck out looking . Jackson flied out to center . Sizemore hit for Rhymes . Sizemore popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Sizemore at second base . Laird catching . Valverde pitching for Tigers . Andrus grounded out to third . Young grounded out to shortstop . Murphy walked . Murphy caught stealing second , catcher to second . Guerrero batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Damon fouled out to third . Cabrera grounded out to third . Raburn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 7 - Rangers 11 .	Rangers run win streak to seven