Rangers - Top 1st . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Andrus singled to shallow left . Young walked , Andrus to second . Hamilton grounded out to first , Andrus to third , Young to second . Guerrero reached on infield single to first , Andrus scored , Young to third . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Guerrero to second . Kinsler grounded into double play , third to first , Guerrero out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Lee pitching for Rangers . Torres struck out looking . Sanchez doubled to shallow right . Posey popped into double play , second to shortstop , Sanchez doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Molina singled to right . Moreland struck out swinging . Lee doubled to center , Molina to third . Andrus hit sacrifice fly to center , Molina scored , Lee to third . Young flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Lee pitching for Rangers . Burrell struck out swinging . Ross flied out to left . Huff doubled to right . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Hamilton flied out to left . Guerrero lined out to center . Cruz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Lee pitching for Rangers . Renteria safe at first on error by third baseman Young . Lincecum bunt popped out foul to catcher . Torres hit by pitch , Renteria to second . Sanchez doubled to shallow left , Renteria scored , Torres to third . Posey singled to center , Torres scored , Sanchez to third . Burrell struck out looking . Ross struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Moreland doubled to right center . Lee grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Lee pitching for Rangers . Huff popped out to shortstop . Uribe struck out swinging . Renteria fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Andrus popped out to shortstop . Young grounded out to third . Hamilton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Lee pitching for Rangers . Lincecum grounded out to shortstop . Torres doubled to left . Sanchez doubled to deep center , Torres scored . Posey struck out looking . Burrell walked . Ross singled to center , Sanchez scored , Burrell to second . Huff singled to center , Burrell scored , Ross to second . O'Day pitching for Rangers . Uribe homered to left center , Ross and Huff scored . Renteria hit by pitch . Lincecum safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus , Renteria to second . Torres struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 6th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Guerrero struck out swinging . Cruz struck out swinging . Kinsler walked . Molina doubled to left , Kinsler scored . Moreland reached on infield single to third , Molina to third . Murphy hit for O'Day . Murphy singled to right , Molina scored , Moreland to second . Casilla pitching for Giants . Andrus struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Sanchez lined out to right . Posey struck out looking . Burrell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Schierholtz in right field . Ross in left field . Casilla pitching for Giants . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton lined out to center . Guerrero safe at first on error by first baseman Huff . Cruz lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 7th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Ross struck out swinging . Huff singled to right center . Huff caught stealing second , catcher to second . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Romo pitching for Giants . Kinsler reached on infield single to second , Kinsler out at second . Molina struck out swinging . Lopez pitching for Giants . Cantu hit for Moreland . Cantu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Cantu at first base . Lowe pitching for Rangers . Renteria singled to right , Renteria to third on error by right fielder Guerrero . Ishikawa hit for Lopez . Ishikawa doubled to deep left , Renteria scored . Torres fouled out to third . Sanchez singled to right , Ishikawa scored , Sanchez to second on error by right fielder Guerrero . Posey grounded out to shortstop . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Schierholtz singled to center , Sanchez scored . Ross popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 9th . Ramirez pitching for Giants . Ishikawa at first base . Borbon hit for Kirkman . Borbon reached on infield single to first , Borbon to second on throwing error by first baseman Ishikawa . Andrus walked . Young flied out to right . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Borbon to third , Andrus to second on wild pitch by Affeldt . Hamilton walked . Wilson pitching for Giants . Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to right , Borbon scored . Cruz doubled to deep right center , Andrus and Hamilton scored . Kinsler flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 7 - Giants 11 .	Giants light up Lee , Rangers for win