White Sox - Top 1st . Dunn pitching for Mariners . Eaton grounded out to first . Lamb walked . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lamb out at second . Abreu stole second . Grandal walked . Collins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Haniger walked . France struck out swinging . Seager singled to center , Haniger to second . White grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Seager out at second , Haniger to third . Moore lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Dunn pitching for Mariners . Robert doubled to deep center . Madrigal walked . Robert picked off second . Hamilton flied out to center . Mendick walked , Madrigal to second . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mendick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Murphy reached first base on catcher 's interference , Murphy to first on error by catcher Grandal . Trammell grounded out to first , Murphy to second . Haggerty grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Murphy out at third . Crawford grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . Dunn pitching for Mariners . Lamb grounded out to first . Abreu struck out swinging . Grandal grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Haniger struck out swinging . France singled to left center . Seager singled to right center , France to third . White grounded into fielder 's choice to third , France scored , Seager out at second . Moore walked , White to second . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moore out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Dunn pitching for Mariners . Collins struck out looking . Robert popped out to first . Madrigal flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Trammell struck out swinging . Haggerty grounded out to third . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Marmolejos at first base . Dunn pitching for Mariners . Hamilton walked . Mendick popped out to pitcher . Eaton walked , Hamilton to second . Eaton stole second , Hamilton stole third . Lamb walked . Abreu popped out to shortstop . Grandal walked , Hamilton scored , Lamb to second , Eaton to third . Vest pitching for Mariners . Collins singled to shallow left center , Eaton scored and Lamb scored , Grandal to second . Robert flied out to left . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Vaughn in left field . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Haniger flied out to left . France lined out to center . Seager fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Vest pitching for Mariners . Madrigal doubled to right . Vaughn struck out looking . Mendick singled to center , Madrigal scored . Eaton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mendick out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Marmolejos walked . Moore singled to right center , Marmolejos to second , Moore to second , Marmolejos safe at third on throwing error by right fielder Eaton . Foster pitching for White Sox . Murphy reached on infield single to third . Trammell singled to right , Marmolejos scored , Murphy to second , Moore to third . Haggerty struck out swinging . Crawford singled to right center , Moore scored , Trammell to second , Murphy to third . Haniger hit sacrifice fly to right , Murphy scored , Trammell to third . France walked , Crawford to second . Seager doubled to left , France scored , Trammell scored and Crawford scored . Marmolejos singled to deep center , Seager scored . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Moore grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Marmolejos out at second . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Graveman pitching for Mariners . Lamb walked . Abreu singled to center , Lamb to second . Grandal walked , Abreu to second , Lamb to third . Collins popped out to shortstop . Robert lined into double play , shortstop to second , Abreu doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Murphy struck out swinging . Trammell struck out swinging . Haggerty grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Misiewicz pitching for Mariners . Madrigal grounded out to pitcher . Vaughn singled to right . Mendick struck out swinging . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vaughn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Crawford flied out to left . Haniger flied out to right . France struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Bishop in left field . Montero pitching for Mariners . Lamb struck out looking . Abreu struck out swinging . Grandal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 4 - Mariners 8 .	Mariners use 7 - run inning to avoid sweep , top White Sox 8 - 4