White Sox - Top 1st . Pivetta pitching for Red Sox . Anderson struck out swinging . Eaton walked . Moncada walked , Eaton to second . Abreu doubled to left , Eaton scored , Moncada to third . Mercedes grounded out to shortstop , Moncada scored , Abreu to third . Collins popped out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Cease pitching for White Sox . Hernández singled to right . Verdugo struck out swinging . Martinez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Hernández out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Pivetta pitching for Red Sox . Robert lined out to center . Vaughn walked . Madrigal singled to shallow right , Vaughn to third . Anderson struck out swinging . Eaton walked , Madrigal to second . Moncada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Cease pitching for White Sox . Bogaerts reached on infield single to shortstop . Devers flied out to right . Gonzalez struck out looking . Arroyo walked , Bogaerts to second . Cordero walked , Arroyo to second , Bogaerts to third . Plawecki lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Pivetta pitching for Red Sox . Abreu singled to deep left . Mercedes flied out to right . Collins struck out swinging . Robert singled to right , Abreu to second . Vaughn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Cease pitching for White Sox . Hernández doubled to shallow left . Hernández to third on passed ball by Collins . Verdugo hit sacrifice fly to right , Hernández scored . Martinez singled to center . Bogaerts singled to right center , Martinez to third . Devers hit sacrifice fly to right , Martinez scored . Gonzalez walked , Bogaerts to second . Arroyo struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Pivetta pitching for Red Sox . Madrigal grounded out to shortstop . Anderson lined out to shortstop . Taylor pitching for Red Sox . Eaton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Cordero struck out swinging . Plawecki struck out looking . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Andriese pitching for Red Sox . Moncada flied out to right . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Mercedes singled to deep left , Mercedes out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Verdugo grounded out to first . Martinez grounded out to second . Bogaerts singled to left . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Devers reached on infield single to catcher , Bogaerts to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Andriese pitching for Red Sox . Collins fouled out to third . Robert singled to center . Robert stole second . Vaughn struck out swinging . Madrigal flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Arroyo grounded out to second . Cordero grounded out to pitcher . Plawecki doubled to deep center . Hernández singled to center , Plawecki scored , Hernández to second . Verdugo grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Andriese pitching for Red Sox . Anderson singled to shallow center . Anderson stole second , Anderson safe at third on error by shortstop Bogaerts . Eaton flied out to left . Moncada hit sacrifice fly to center , Anderson scored . Abreu struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Heuer pitching for White Sox . Martinez struck out swinging . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Devers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Ottavino pitching for Red Sox . Mercedes struck out looking . Collins struck out looking . Robert struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Heuer pitching for White Sox . Gonzalez homered to right center ( 410 feet ) . Arroyo reached on infield single to shortstop . Cordero struck out looking . Plawecki lined out to right . Hernández singled to center , Arroyo to second . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Verdugo walked , Hernández to second , Arroyo to third . Martinez walked , Arroyo scored , Verdugo to second , Hernández to third . Bogaerts hit ground rule double to right , Hernández scored and Verdugo scored , Martinez to third . Devers intentionally walked . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Vaughn reached on infield single to second . Madrigal grounded out to third , Vaughn to second . Vaughn to third on wild pitch by Barnes . Anderson struck out looking . Eaton doubled to deep center , Vaughn scored . Moncada grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 4 - Red Sox 7 .	New - look Red Sox top White Sox 7 - 4 , Gonzalez HR starts rally