Tigers - Top 1st . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Grossman grounded out to second . Candelario grounded out to second . Cabrera homered to center ( 445 feet ) . Schoop grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Urena pitching for Tigers . Anderson singled to right . Eaton singled to left , Anderson to third . Moncada flied out to left . Abreu grounded out to shortstop , Eaton to third . Mercedes grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 2nd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Castro lined out to right . Baddoo struck out looking . Ramos grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Urena pitching for Tigers . Grandal grounded out to shortstop . Lamb singled to center . García safe at first on fielding error by pitcher Ureña , Lamb to second . Madrigal grounded out to shortstop , García to second , Lamb to third . Anderson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 3rd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Goodrum struck out swinging . Jones lined out to right . Grossman singled to center . Candelario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Urena pitching for Tigers . Eaton singled to center . Moncada singled to right , Eaton to second . Abreu struck out swinging . Mercedes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Eaton scored , Moncada to second , Moncada safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Candelario . Grandal grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Mercedes out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 4th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Schoop struck out looking . Castro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Urena pitching for Tigers . Lamb safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Schoop . García grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Lamb out at second . Madrigal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 5th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Baddoo grounded out to shortstop . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Goodrum flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Urena pitching for Tigers . Anderson walked . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Anderson safe at second on fielding error by second baseman Castro . Moncada grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Eaton out at second , Anderson to third . Abreu grounded into double play , third to second to first , Moncada out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 6th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Jones struck out swinging . Grossman walked . Candelario grounded out to first , Grossman to second . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Grossman to third . Schoop struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Urena pitching for Tigers . Mercedes singled to shallow left . Grandal grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mercedes out at second . Lamb walked . Hamilton ran for Lamb . García singled to center , Hamilton to third . Madrigal grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Hamilton in center field . García in left field . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Castro walked . Baddoo flied out to right . Ramos doubled to center , Castro scored . Goodrum homered to right ( 368 feet ) , Ramos scored . Jones flied out to center . Grossman walked . Heuer pitching for White Sox . Candelario flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Urena pitching for Tigers . Anderson walked . Anderson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Eaton flied out to center . Moncada flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Foster pitching for White Sox . Cabrera struck out swinging . Schoop homered to left center ( 419 feet ) . Castro grounded out to second . Baddoo flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Abreu struck out looking . Mercedes singled to right . Grandal walked , Mercedes to second . Hamilton struck out swinging . García struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Ramos safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Moncada . Goodrum flied out to right . Jones struck out swinging . Grossman lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Soto pitching for Tigers . Madrigal grounded out to second . Anderson grounded out to second . Eaton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 5 - White Sox 2 .	Tigers overcome season - high 5 errors , beat White Sox 5 - 2