Twins - Top 1st . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Arraez singled to left . Donaldson homered to left ( 383 feet ) , Arraez scored . Larnach grounded out to first . Cruz flied out to left . Kepler flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Maeda pitching for Twins . Anderson popped out to second . Goodwin walked . Abreu walked , Goodwin to second . Grandal walked , Abreu to second , Goodwin to third . Collins grounded out to shortstop , Goodwin scored , Grandal to second , Abreu to third . Vaughn flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Polanco flied out to shortstop . Kirilloff singled to shallow center . Jeffers grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kirilloff out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Maeda pitching for Twins . Sheets singled to left . García walked , Sheets to second . Mendick flied out to center . Anderson lined out to right . Goodwin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Simmons grounded out to second . Arraez popped out to shortstop . Donaldson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Maeda pitching for Twins . Abreu walked . Grandal reached on bunt single to catcher , Abreu to second . Collins struck out swinging . Vaughn singled to right , Grandal to second , Abreu to third . Sheets grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Abreu scored , Vaughn out at second , Grandal to third . García singled to right , Grandal scored , Sheets to second . Mendick popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Larnach grounded out to pitcher . Cruz singled to left , Cruz out stretching at second . Kepler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Maeda pitching for Twins . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Goodwin grounded out to second . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Polanco walked . Kirilloff struck out swinging . Polanco caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop . Jeffers lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Maeda pitching for Twins . Grandal struck out swinging . Collins reached on infield single to second . Vaughn singled to left , Collins to second . Sheets doubled to shallow left , Collins scored , Vaughn to third . García hit sacrifice fly to center , Vaughn scored . Mendick singled to center , Sheets scored , Mendick to second . Coulombe pitching for Twins . Anderson singled to shallow right center , Mendick scored . Anderson picked off and caught stealing second . Danny Coulombe pitches to Brian Goodwin . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Simmons singled to right center . Arraez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Simmons out at second . Donaldson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Coulombe pitching for Twins . Goodwin popped out to left . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Grandal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Larnach doubled to deep right . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Cruz doubled to left , Larnach scored . Kepler doubled to deep center , Cruz scored . Polanco flied out to right , Kepler to third . Kirilloff grounded out to shortstop , Kepler scored . Burr pitching for White Sox . Jeffers grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Coulombe pitching for Twins . Collins struck out swinging . Vaughn walked . Sheets struck out swinging . Duffey pitching for Twins . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Goodwin in right field . Hamilton in center field . Burr pitching for White Sox . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . Arraez flied out to center . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Duffey pitching for Twins . Mendick grounded out to third . Anderson grounded out to third . Goodwin fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Larnach hit by pitch . Cruz struck out swinging , Larnach to second on wild pitch by Hendriks . Kepler walked . Kepler to second on wild pitch by Hendriks , Larnach to third on wild pitch by Hendriks . Polanco grounded out to second , Larnach scored , Kepler to third . Kirilloff flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 6 - White Sox 7 .	Giolito fires back at Donaldson , White Sox beat Twins 7 - 6