White Sox - Top 1st . Manning pitching for Tigers . Anderson singled to center . Sheets singled to left , Anderson to second . Abreu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sheets out at second , Anderson to third . Goodwin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Baddoo reached on infield single to second . Baddoo stole second . Schoop grounded out to shortstop , Baddoo to third . Grossman grounded out to shortstop , Baddoo scored . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Manning pitching for Tigers . García grounded out to second . Vaughn grounded out to third . Eaton walked . Burger singled to left , Eaton to second . Collins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Candelario singled to left . Haase doubled to deep left , Candelario to third . Cameron walked . Castro singled to center , Candelario scored , Cameron to second , Haase to third . Short struck out swinging . Baddoo doubled to deep right , Haase scored and Cameron scored , Castro to third . Schoop grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castro out at home . Grossman struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Manning pitching for Tigers . Anderson singled to center . Sheets grounded out to second , Anderson to second . Abreu singled to right , Anderson scored . Goodwin singled to right , Abreu to third . García hit sacrifice fly to left , Abreu scored . Vaughn singled to center , Goodwin to third . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Eaton grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Candelario singled to right . Haase flied into double play , right to first , Candelario doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Burger walked . Collins singled to center , Burger to second . Anderson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Collins out at second , Burger to third . Sheets struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Cameron struck out swinging . Castro singled to right center . Short struck out swinging . Baddoo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Abreu struck out swinging . Goodwin popped out to first . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Schoop singled to right . Grossman sacrificed to catcher , Schoop to second . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Schoop to third . Candelario doubled to right , Schoop scored . Haase singled to right , Candelario scored . Cameron grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Funkhouser pitching for Tigers . Vaughn lined out to first . Eaton struck out swinging . Burger tripled to right . Collins fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Castro struck out looking . Short struck out swinging . Baddoo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Funkhouser pitching for Tigers . Anderson struck out swinging . Sheets flied out to right . Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop . Norris pitching for Tigers . Abreu to second on wild pitch by Norris . Goodwin fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . Grossman walked . Heuer pitching for White Sox . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Candelario flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . García walked . Vaughn struck out looking . Eaton fouled out to third . Burger struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Heuer pitching for White Sox . Haase grounded out to third . Cameron singled to left center . Castro struck out looking , Cameron stole second . Short struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Hamilton hit for Collins . Soto pitching for Tigers . Hamilton singled to right . Anderson singled to right , Hamilton to third . Mendick hit for Sheets . Mendick struck out swinging . Abreu homered to left ( 379 feet ) , Hamilton scored and Anderson scored . Goodwin struck out swinging . García walked . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Vaughn lined out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Tigers 6 .	Candelario helps Tigers beat White Sox 6 - 5 for series win