Indians - Top 1st . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Zimmer singled to center . Rosario doubled to deep right , Zimmer to third . Ramírez hit by pitch . Reyes singled to center , Rosario scored and Zimmer scored , Ramírez thrown out at third . Ramirez struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Mejia pitching for Indians . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez grounded out to catcher . Abreu hit by pitch . Sheets fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . Chang struck out swinging . Clement singled to right center . Zimmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Mejia pitching for Indians . Moncada homered to right center ( 387 feet ) . Vaughn popped out to shortstop . Goodwin walked . García grounded out to second , Goodwin to second . Zavala struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Rosario flied out to right . Ramírez struck out swinging . Reyes lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Mejia pitching for Indians . Anderson fouled out to right . Hernandez flied out to center . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Ramirez flied out to center . Johnson singled to center . Pérez struck out swinging , Johnson stole second . Chang struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Mejia pitching for Indians . Sheets grounded out to shortstop . Moncada singled to center . Vaughn walked , Moncada to second . Goodwin singled to right , Moncada scored , Vaughn to third . García grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vaughn scored , Goodwin out at second . Zavala struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Clement flied out to right . Zimmer walked . Rosario grounded out to third , Zimmer to second . Ramírez singled to right , Zimmer scored . Reyes singled to right , Ramírez to second . Ramirez lined out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Mejia pitching for Indians . Anderson grounded out to third . Hernandez singled to right . Abreu walked , Hernandez to second . Sheets walked , Abreu to second , Hernandez to third . Parker pitching for Indians . Moncada struck out swinging . Vaughn walked , Hernandez scored , Sheets to second , Abreu to third . Goodwin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Mercado hit for Johnson . Crochet pitching for White Sox . Mercado popped out to second . Pérez struck out looking . Chang grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Mercado in right field . Sandlin pitching for Indians . García struck out looking . Zavala struck out swinging . Anderson reached on infield single to catcher , Anderson safe at second on throwing error by catcher Pérez . Hernandez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 7th . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Clement grounded out to shortstop . Zimmer grounded out to second . Rosario walked . Rosario to second on passed ball by Zavala . Ramírez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Sheets singled to shallow left . Moncada singled to right , Sheets to second . Vaughn singled to center , Moncada to second , Sheets thrown out at home . Goodwin popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Hamilton in center field . García in left field . Tepera pitching for White Sox . Reyes homered to left ( 393 feet ) . Ramirez singled to shallow center . Mercado walked , Ramirez to second . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Pérez sacrificed to catcher , Mercado to second , Ramirez to third . Chang struck out swinging . Clement flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Karinchak pitching for Indians . García reached on infield single to second . Collins hit for Zavala . García to second on passed ball by Pérez . García to third on pickoff error by catcher Pérez . Collins walked . Anderson singled to right , García scored , Collins to second . Hernandez reached on bunt single to catcher , Anderson to second , Collins to third . Abreu hit by pitch , Collins scored , Hernandez to second , Anderson to third . Wittgren pitching for Indians . Sheets struck out looking . Moncada struck out looking . Hamilton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 9th . Collins catching . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Zimmer struck out swinging . Rosario struck out swinging . Ramírez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - White Sox 6 .	ChiSox rally for 6 - 4 win over Indians after getting Kimbrel