White Sox - Top 1st . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Robert singled to right center . Moncada doubled to deep right center , Robert to third . Abreu hit by pitch . Jiménez struck out swinging . Grandal walked , Robert scored , Abreu to second , Moncada to third . Sheets struck out swinging . García lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Lambert pitching for White Sox . Harrison doubled to left . Marte lined out to center , Harrison to third . Olson hit sacrifice fly to right , Harrison scored . Lowrie walked . Chapman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lowrie out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Vaughn flied out to center . Hernandez grounded out to catcher . Robert singled to left . Moncada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Lambert pitching for White Sox . Canha walked . Kemp singled to center , Canha to second . Gomes struck out swinging . Andrus grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kemp out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Abreu popped out to first . Jiménez struck out swinging . Grandal walked . Sheets singled to shallow center , Grandal to third . García hit by pitch , Sheets to second . Vaughn fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Lambert pitching for White Sox . Harrison flied out to left . Marte grounded out to second . Olson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Kaprielian pitching for Athletics . Hernandez flied out to right . Robert grounded out to shortstop . Moncada reached on infield single to second . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moncada out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Lambert pitching for White Sox . Lowrie flied out to center . Chapman struck out swinging . Canha reached on infield single to shortstop . Kemp flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Puk pitching for Athletics . Jiménez singled to right center . Grandal reached on infield single to shortstop , Jiménez to second . Sheets singled to center , Jiménez scored , Grandal to second . García singled to center , Sheets to second , Grandal to third . Vaughn struck out swinging . Hernandez singled to right , Grandal scored and Sheets scored , García to third . Jefferies pitching for Athletics . Robert grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hernandez out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Goodwin in right field . Vaughn in left field . Lambert pitching for White Sox . Gomes flied out to left . Andrus flied out to left . Harrison lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Jefferies pitching for Athletics . Moncada grounded out to pitcher . Abreu struck out looking . Goodwin lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Crochet pitching for White Sox . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Olson grounded out to second . Davis hit for Lowrie . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Davis as designated hitter . Jefferies pitching for Athletics . Grandal flied out to left . Sheets flied out to center . García doubled to left center . Vaughn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Tepera pitching for White Sox . Chapman walked . Canha struck out swinging . Kemp grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Chapman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Jefferies pitching for Athletics . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Robert grounded out to second . Moncada doubled to deep left center . Abreu walked . Diekman pitching for Athletics . Abreu to second on wild pitch by Diekman , Moncada to third on wild pitch by Diekman . Goodwin singled to right , Moncada scored and Abreu scored . Grandal struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Burr pitching for White Sox . Gomes reached on infield single to shortstop . Andrus singled to left center , Gomes scored on fielding error by center fielder Robert , Andrus to second . Pinder hit for Harrison . Pinder grounded out to shortstop . Kimbrel pitching for White Sox . Marte singled to center , Andrus scored . Marte stole second , Marte safe at third on throwing error by catcher Grandal . Olson fouled out to third . Davis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Pinder in right field . Canha in left field . Kemp at second base . Guerra pitching for Athletics . Sheets struck out swinging . García singled to shallow right center . García stole second . Vaughn grounded out to third . Hernandez reached on infield single to first , García to third . Robert popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Chapman flied out to right . Canha fouled out to first . Bolt hit for Kemp . Bolt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Athletics 3 .	White Sox beat A 's 6 - 3 ; Oakland drops fourth straight game