Angels - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Marsh struck out looking . Fletcher flied out to center . Ohtani singled to shallow right . Stassi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Cobb pitching for Angels . Anderson struck out swinging . Robert grounded out to shortstop . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Walsh walked . Rengifo homered to right ( 396 feet ) , Walsh scored . Mayfield struck out looking . Rojas singled to shallow right center . Rojas caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Wong struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Cobb pitching for Angels . Jiménez struck out looking . Sheets walked . García reached on infield single to third , Sheets to second . González grounded into double play , second to first , García out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Marsh grounded out to first . Fletcher grounded out to third . Ohtani struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Cobb pitching for Angels . Collins singled to left . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Collins out at second . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hernandez out at second . Robert struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Stassi singled to deep left . Walsh singled to shallow left , Stassi to second . Rengifo grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Walsh safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Anderson , Stassi to third . Mayfield doubled to shallow left , Rengifo scored on error , Stassi scored and Walsh scored , Mayfield safe at third on throwing error by left fielder Jiménez . Rojas homered to right ( 427 feet ) , Mayfield scored . Wong struck out looking . Marsh struck out looking . Fletcher grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Cobb pitching for Angels . Abreu safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Mayfield . Jiménez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at second . Sheets walked , Jiménez to second . García grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sheets out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 5th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Ohtani singled to right . Stassi walked , Ohtani to second . Stassi to second on wild pitch by Fry , Ohtani to third on wild pitch by Fry . Walsh singled to left , Ohtani scored . Rengifo hit by pitch , Walsh to second , Stassi to third . Mayfield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stassi scored , Rengifo out at second , Walsh to third . Rojas grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mayfield out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Cobb pitching for Angels . González struck out swinging . Collins flied out to left . Hernandez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Hamilton in center field . Hamilton in right field . Burr pitching for White Sox . Wong grounded out to second . Marsh singled to shallow left . Fletcher grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Marsh out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Guerra pitching for Angels . Anderson singled to right . Anderson to second on wild pitch by Guerra . Robert fouled out to first . Abreu singled to right center , Anderson scored . Jiménez doubled to left , Abreu to third . Sheets struck out swinging . Hamilton fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Ohtani struck out swinging . Stassi safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Anderson . Walsh grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stassi out at second . Walsh to second on wild pitch by Ruiz . Rengifo popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Guerra pitching for Angels . González singled to right . Collins walked , González to second . Hernandez walked , Collins to second , González to third . Herget pitching for Angels . Anderson struck out swinging . Robert singled to right , González scored , Hernandez to second , Collins to third . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center , Collins scored , Hernandez to third . Jiménez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Mayfield struck out swinging . Rojas struck out swinging . Wong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Lagares in right field . Mayers pitching for Angels . Sheets flied out to center . Hamilton singled to left . González struck out swinging . Collins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Wright Jr. pitching for White Sox . Marsh flied out to left . Fletcher grounded out to shortstop . Ohtani hit by pitch . Abreu at third base . Romy Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Stassi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Ortega pitching for Angels . Hernandez grounded out to second . Anderson struck out swinging . Robert singled to shallow left . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 9 - White Sox 3 .	Cobb ’s 5 scoreless IP in return lead Angels over White Sox