White Sox - Top 1st . Howard pitching for Rangers . Robert singled to center . Moncada grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Robert out at second . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Abreu safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Kiner - Falefa , Moncada out at second . Grandal walked . Jiménez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Taveras struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to first . García walked . Lowe singled to left , García to third . Ibáñez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lowe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Howard pitching for Rangers . Sheets struck out looking . García walked . Goodwin grounded into fielder 's choice to first , García out at second , Goodwin safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Kiner - Falefa . González flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Solak grounded out to second . Calhoun singled to center . Heim flied out to right . Holt flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Howard pitching for Rangers . Robert struck out swinging . Moncada walked . Abreu flied out to right . Grandal lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Taveras struck out looking . Kiner - Falefa fouled out to right . García flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Rangers . Jiménez fouled out to first . Sheets walked . García grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sheets to second . Goodwin grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , García out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Lowe struck out swinging . Ibáñez singled to center . Solak grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ibáñez safe at second on error by second baseman González . Calhoun walked , Solak to second , Ibáñez to third . Heim grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ibáñez scored , Calhoun out at second , Solak to third . Heim stole second . Holt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Rangers . González lined out to center . Robert lined out to right . Moncada walked . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Taveras struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa reached on infield single to third . García grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kiner - Falefa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Rangers . Grandal homered to center ( 431 feet ) . Jiménez grounded out to shortstop . Sheets grounded out to shortstop . García grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Lowe singled to right . Ibáñez singled to left , Lowe to second . Solak sacrificed to third , Ibáñez to second , Lowe to third . Peters hit for Calhoun . Crochet pitching for White Sox . Peters singled to center , Lowe scored , Peters to second , Ibáñez thrown out at home . Heim flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Peters in left field . Patton pitching for Rangers . Goodwin grounded out to shortstop . González reached on infield single to third . Robert grounded out to shortstop , González to second . Moncada flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Kopech pitching for White Sox . Holt struck out swinging . Taveras grounded out to first . Kiner - Falefa singled to right . García singled to deep right , Kiner - Falefa to third . García stole second . Lowe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Santana pitching for Rangers . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Grandal walked . Jiménez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Grandal out at second . Sheets walked , Jiménez to second . García lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Kimbrel pitching for White Sox . Ibáñez struck out swinging . Solak flied out to center . Peters walked . Peters stole second . Heim struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Barlow pitching for Rangers . Goodwin struck out swinging . González flied out to center . Robert struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 1 - Rangers 2 .	Peters , Rangers stop Lynn , AL Central - leading White Sox 2 - 1