White Sox - Top 1st . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Anderson struck out swinging . Robert doubled to left center . Abreu flied out to right . Grandal popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Baddoo grounded out to first . Schoop reached on infield single to shortstop . Grossman doubled to deep right , Schoop thrown out at home . Candelario flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Jiménez lined out to right . Moncada grounded out to second . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Haase struck out swinging . Goodrum grounded out to shortstop . Cameron singled to center . Paredes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Engel grounded out to second . Hernandez singled to right center . Anderson doubled to deep right , Hernandez to third . Robert singled to left , Hernandez scored and Anderson scored . Abreu singled to shallow center , Robert to second . Grandal walked , Abreu to second , Robert to third . Jiménez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Grandal out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Reyes doubled to deep left . Reyes to third on wild pitch by Keuchel . Baddoo singled to left , Reyes scored . Schoop flied out to center , Baddoo to second . Grossman struck out looking . Candelario reached on infield single to third , Baddoo to third . Haase grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Moncada doubled to deep center , Moncada out stretching at third . García singled to left . Engel popped out to first . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , García out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Goodrum grounded out to pitcher . Cameron singled to right center . Paredes flied out to left . Reyes singled to center , Cameron to second . Baddoo singled to right , Cameron scored , Reyes to third . Schoop walked , Baddoo to second . Grossman grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Anderson flied out to left . Robert grounded out to third . Abreu doubled to deep right . Grandal walked . Jiménez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Candelario grounded out to shortstop . Haase grounded out to shortstop . Goodrum reached on infield single to shortstop . Cameron singled to center , Goodrum to second . Paredes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Krol pitching for Tigers . Moncada reached on infield single to pitcher , Moncada safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Krol . García sacrificed to third , Moncada to third . Engel struck out swinging . Hernandez walked . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernandez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Reyes reached on infield single to third , Reyes safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Anderson . Reyes stole third . Baddoo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reyes out at home . Schoop grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Baddoo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Robert flied out to left . Abreu flied out to left . Grandal walked . Jiménez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Grossman singled to left . Candelario singled to right , Grossman to second . Haase grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Candelario out at second , Grossman to third . Goodrum singled to right , Grossman scored . Goodrum to second on passed ball by Grandal . Cameron walked . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Cameron stole second , Goodrum stole third . Paredes walked . Reyes singled to shallow right , Cameron scored and Goodrum scored , Paredes thrown out at third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Foley pitching for Tigers . Moncada struck out looking . García lined out to first . Engel doubled to left . Hernandez walked . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Anderson singled to deep center , Engel scored , Hernandez to third . Robert grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Anderson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Baddoo struck out swinging . Schoop flied out to right . Grossman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Abreu popped out to first . Grandal grounded out to first . Jiménez singled to right . Moncada walked , Jiménez to second . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 3 - Tigers 5 .	White Sox lose to Tigers , putting AL Central clinch on hold