Reds - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for White Sox . India grounded out to third . Schrock struck out swinging . Castellanos popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . O'Brien pitching for Reds . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Robert homered to center ( 415 feet ) . Abreu grounded out to third . Grandal walked . Jiménez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Votto singled to right . Stephenson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Votto out at second . Suárez flied out to right . Farmer popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . O'Brien pitching for Reds . Moncada homered to right center ( 423 feet ) . García walked . Sheets struck out swinging . Hernandez walked , García to second . Cessa pitching for Reds . Anderson struck out swinging . Robert grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Barnhart lined out to left . Friedl popped out to shortstop . India grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Cessa pitching for Reds . Abreu grounded out to third . Grandal struck out swinging . Jiménez singled to right . Moncada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Schrock struck out looking . Castellanos struck out swinging . Votto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Cessa pitching for Reds . García tripled to center , García out stretching at home . Sheets homered to right ( 413 feet ) . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Anderson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Stephenson lined out to center . Suárez homered to center ( 416 feet ) . Farmer grounded out to third . Barnhart struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Lorenzen pitching for Reds . Robert walked . Abreu flied out to center . Grandal grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Robert out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Friedl flied out to center . India grounded out to third . Schrock lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Lorenzen pitching for Reds . Jiménez singled to center , Jiménez safe at second on fielding error by center fielder Friedl . Moncada walked . García sacrificed to third , Moncada to second , Jiménez to third . Sheets singled to left , Jiménez scored , Moncada to third . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Moncada scored , Sheets out at second . Anderson singled to center , Hernandez to third . Santillan pitching for Reds . Robert flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 7th . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Castellanos singled to left . Votto flied out to left . Stephenson singled to right , Castellanos to second . Suárez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Stephenson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Santillan pitching for Reds . Abreu fouled out to first . Grandal walked . Jiménez safe at first on fielding error by center fielder Friedl , Grandal safe at second on error . Moncada struck out looking . García grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jiménez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 8th . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Farmer hit by pitch . DeShields hit for Barnhart . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Farmer safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Moncada . Cabrera hit for Friedl . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DeShields out at second , Farmer to third . India grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Stephenson catching . DeShields in center field . Cabrera at first base . Garrett pitching for Reds . Vaughn grounded out to third . Hernandez doubled to left . Hernandez to third on wild pitch by Garrett . Anderson grounded out to third . Robert homered to left ( 445 feet ) , Hernandez scored . Abreu struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Vaughn as designated hitter . Foster pitching for White Sox . Schrock flied out to second . Castellanos flied out to right . Votto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 1 - White Sox 7 .	Robert , Lopez lift White Sox over eliminated Reds 7 - 1