Tigers - Top 1st . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Baddoo flied out to center . Grossman struck out swinging . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Anderson doubled to deep right . Robert grounded out to shortstop , Anderson to third . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Grandal walked . Jiménez walked , Grandal to second . Moncada popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Cabrera struck out swinging . Castro flied out to center . Haase flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Peralta pitching for Tigers . García grounded out to second . Sheets fouled out to third . Hernandez hit by pitch . Anderson singled to right , Hernandez to third . Robert flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Goodrum singled to center . Cameron struck out looking , Goodrum out at second . Castro lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Abreu homered to left ( 380 feet ) . Grandal singled to center . Jiménez singled to right , Grandal to third . Moncada struck out swinging . García grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jiménez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Baddoo singled to left . Baddoo stole second . Grossman doubled to deep right , Baddoo scored . Grossman to third on passed ball by Grandal . Schoop grounded out to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . Castro flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Sheets singled to center . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hernandez second , Sheets to second , Sheets safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Schoop . Anderson singled to shallow center , Sheets scored , Anderson to second , Hernandez to third . Robert hit sacrifice fly to center , Hernandez scored , Anderson to third . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson scored . Grandal walked , Abreu to second . Jiménez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Grandal out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 5th . Lynn pitching for White Sox . Haase walked . Goodrum grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Haase out at second . Cameron singled to right . Castro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Moncada flied out to right . García lined out to center . Sheets struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Crochet pitching for White Sox . Baddoo struck out swinging . Grossman walked . Schoop singled to right , Grossman to second . Schoop stole second , Grossman stole third . Cabrera struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Hernandez struck out swinging . Anderson singled to left center . Robert lined out to right . Abreu doubled to deep right center , Anderson scored . Grandal grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Tepera pitching for White Sox . Haase singled to left center . Goodrum grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Haase out at second . Cameron walked . Castro singled to center , Cameron to third . Castro stole second . Baddoo walked . Grossman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Jiménez struck out swinging . Moncada doubled to left . García doubled to left , Moncada to third . Sheets singled to center , Moncada scored and García scored . Hernandez singled to center , Sheets to second . Anderson walked , Hernandez to second , Sheets to third . Robert struck out looking . Abreu walked , Sheets scored , Anderson to second , Hernandez to third . Krol pitching for Tigers . Grandal struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Hamilton in left field . Kimbrel pitching for White Sox . Schoop struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . Castro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Krol pitching for Tigers . Hamilton flied out to right . Moncada grounded out to pitcher . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Haase struck out looking . Goodrum struck out swinging . Cameron struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 1 - White Sox 8 .	Lynn , Abreu lift White Sox over Tigers for 5th straight win