Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Chen pitching for Royals . Bloomquist singled to center . Hill singled to left , Bloomquist to second . Upton struck out looking . Montero grounded out to first , Bloomquist to third , Hill to second . Young popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Dyson grounded out to third . Hosmer struck out swinging . Butler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Chen pitching for Royals . Kubel doubled to deep right . Goldschmidt singled to left , Kubel to third . Ransom struck out swinging . Roberts flied out to center , Kubel thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Gordon walked . Francoeur struck out swinging . Moustakas grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gordon out at second . Pena singled to right , Moustakas to second . Getz singled to center , Moustakas scored , Pena thrown out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Chen pitching for Royals . Bloomquist struck out looking . Hill grounded out to pitcher . Upton walked . Upton stole second . Montero walked . Young grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Escobar singled to left . Dyson flied out to right . Hosmer flied out to left . Butler homered to center , Escobar scored . ( 426 feet ) . Gordon flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Chen pitching for Royals . Kubel singled to right . Goldschmidt singled to left , Kubel to second . Ransom grounded into double play , third to second to first , Goldschmidt out at second , Kubel to third . Roberts popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Francoeur popped out to second . Moustakas homered to right . ( 419 feet ) . Pena flied out to center . Getz flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Chen pitching for Royals . Bloomquist grounded out to third . Hill flied out to left . Upton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Escobar singled to right . Escobar to second on balk by Kennedy . Dyson reached on bunt single to catcher , Escobar to third . Hosmer singled to right , Escobar scored , Dyson to second . Dyson to third , Hosmer to second on wild pitch by Kennedy . Butler hit sacrifice fly to center , Dyson scored . Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks . Gordon struck out swinging . Francoeur struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Chen pitching for Royals . Montero grounded out to shortstop . Young popped out to first . Kubel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks . Moustakas reached on infield single to shortstop . Pena singled to center , Moustakas to second . Getz flied out to left . Moustakas to third , Pena to second on wild pitch by Zagurski . Escobar walked . Dyson hit sacrifice fly to center , Moustakas scored . Hosmer lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Chen pitching for Royals . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right . Ransom grounded out to shortstop . Roberts doubled to deep left , Goldschmidt scored . Crow pitching for Royals . Bloomquist singled to right , Roberts scored . Hill grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bloomquist out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Butler struck out swinging . Gordon popped out to second . Francoeur flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . James Crow pitching for Royals . Upton singled to left . Mijares pitching for Royals . Montero walked , Upton to second . Young singled to left , Upton to third , Montero to second . Kubel hit sacrifice fly to left , Upton scored . Holland pitching for Royals . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Young out at second , Montero to third . Overbay hit for Ransom . Overbay grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Moustakas grounded out to second . Pena reached on infield single to shortstop . Getz flied out to center . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Broxton pitching for Royals . Roberts flied out to right . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Hill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Royals 7 .	Butler , Moustakas power Royals past D - backs