Royals - Top 1st . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Gordon flied out to left . Falu popped out to shortstop . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Adcock pitching for Royals . Choo walked . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Choo out at second . Kipnis lined into double play , third to first , Brantley doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Moustakas flied out to left . Francoeur walked . Hosmer homered to center , Francoeur scored . ( 399 feet ) . Pena grounded out to second . Dyson grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Adcock pitching for Royals . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Kotchman flied out to center . Damon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Escobar flied out to center . Gordon struck out swinging . Falu grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Adcock pitching for Royals . Chisenhall homered to right.(377 feet ) . Carlin singled to center . Diaz flied out to left . Choo singled to left , Carlin to second . Brantley walked , Carlin to third , Choo to second . Kipnis singled to center , Carlin and Choo scored , Brantley to third . Lopez reached on infield single to third , Brantley scored , Kipnis to second , Kipnis to third on error by third baseman Moustakas . Kotchman singled to left , Kipnis scored , Lopez to second . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Damon flied out to left . Chisenhall grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 4th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Butler grounded out to first . Moustakas walked . Francoeur grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Moustakas out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Carlin singled to center . Diaz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carlin out at second . Choo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Hosmer grounded out to second . Pena homered to center . ( 416 feet ) . Dyson tripled to right , Dyson scored on throwing error by second baseman Kipnis . Escobar struck out swinging . Gordon singled to right . Falu struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Brantley grounded out to pitcher . Kipnis reached on bunt single to pitcher . Kipnis stole second . Lopez singled to left , Kipnis scored advancing on play . Lopez out stretching at second . Kotchman lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Smith pitching for Indians . Butler grounded out to pitcher . Moustakas singled to center . Francoeur struck out swinging . Hagadone pitching for Indians . Hosmer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moustakas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Damon flied out to center . Chisenhall singled to right center . Carlin grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Chisenhall out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Cunningham in left field . Hagadone pitching for Indians . Pena grounded out to third . Dyson walked . Dyson stole second . Escobar singled to right , Dyson scored . Gordon grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Escobar out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Diaz reached on infield single to second . Mijares pitching for Royals . Choo struck out swinging . Brantley singled to center , Diaz scored . Kipnis singled to center , Brantley to second . Brantley stole third . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Brantley scored , Kipnis safe at second on error by second baseman Falu . Kotchman fouled out to catcher . Holland pitching for Royals . Cunningham singled to right , Kipnis to third , Lopez to second . Chisenhall grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Pestano pitching for Indians . Falu struck out swinging . Butler struck out swinging . Moustakas walked . Francoeur singled to right , Moustakas to second . Hosmer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Holland pitching for Royals . Carlin struck out looking . Diaz struck out swinging . Choo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Pena grounded out to second . Dyson struck out looking . Escobar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 5 - Indians 8 .	Lopez , Kipnis combine for 5 RBIs to lift Indians