Athletics - Top 1st . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Weeks tripled to deep right center . Cowgill grounded out to shortstop , Weeks scored . Reddick struck out swinging . Cespedes grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Gordon singled to right center . Betancourt singled to right , Gordon to second . Butler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Betancourt out at second , Gordon to third . Moustakas walked . Francoeur singled to left , Gordon scored , Moustakas to second . Hosmer fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Ka'aihue popped out to first . Inge popped out to second . Crisp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Escobar lined out to right . Dyson singled to left . Quintero grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Dyson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Pennington flied out to center . Weeks walked . Cowgill walked , Weeks to second . Reddick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cowgill out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Gordon doubled to deep left center . Betancourt sacrificed to third , Gordon to third . Butler struck out swinging . Moustakas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Cespedes doubled to right center , Cespedes to third on error by center fielder Dyson . Cespedes scored on Hochevar 's wild pitch . Ka'aihue fouled out to third . Inge flied out to center . Crisp lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 4th . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Francoeur flied out to left . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher . Escobar singled to left center . Escobar stole second . Dyson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Suzuki singled to left . Pennington sacrificed to pitcher , Suzuki to second . Suzuki to third on passed ball by Quintero . Weeks walked . Cowgill struck out swinging . Reddick tripled to deep right , Suzuki and Weeks scored . Cespedes singled to right , Reddick scored . Collins pitching for Royals . Ka'aihue doubled to deep right center , Cespedes scored . Inge struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Quintero flied out to center . Gordon grounded out to third . Betancourt fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Collins pitching for Royals . Crisp fouled out to third . Suzuki struck out swinging . Pennington struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Butler walked . Moustakas flied out to right . Francoeur singled to right , Butler to second . Hosmer doubled to deep left , Butler scored , Francoeur to third . Escobar flied out to right , Francoeur thrown out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Coleman pitching for Royals . Pena catching . Weeks singled to left . Cowgill struck out looking . Reddick walked , Weeks to second . Rosales ran for Weeks . Cespedes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reddick out at second , Rosales to third . Ka'aihue struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Rosales at second base . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Dyson singled to left . Pena doubled to left , Dyson to third . Gordon struck out swinging . Betancourt hit sacrifice fly to center , Dyson scored . Butler struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Coleman pitching for Royals . Inge flied out to left . Crisp lined out to left . Suzuki walked . Pennington safe at second on error by second baseman Betancourt , Suzuki to third . Crow pitching for Royals . Rosales singled to right center , Suzuki and Pennington scored . Cowgill singled to right center , Rosales to third . Reddick safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar , Rosales scored , Cowgill to second . Cespedes singled to left , Cowgill to third , Reddick to second . Ka'aihue flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Cook pitching for Athletics . Moustakas fouled out to third . Francoeur popped out to second . Hosmer walked . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Maier in right field . Mijares pitching for Royals . Inge flied out to right . Crisp walked . Suzuki struck out swinging . Pennington grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Dyson singled to left . Pena fouled out to first . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dyson out at second . Gordon to second on fielder 's indifference . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Royals 3 .	A 's crush Royals to finally end 9 - game slide