Cardinals - Top 1st . Mazzaro pitching for Royals . Furcal walked . Jay hit by pitch , Furcal to second . Holliday singled to right , Furcal to third , Jay to second . Beltran doubled to deep left , Furcal and Jay scored , Holliday to third . Molina singled to right , Holliday scored , Beltran to third . Freese walked , Molina to second . Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to left , Beltran scored . Greene struck out swinging . Molina stole third , Freese stole second . Schumaker struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt singled to center . Butler singled to shallow right , Betancourt to third . Hosmer singled to left center , Betancourt scored , Butler to second . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop , Butler to third , Hosmer to second . Moustakas struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Mazzaro pitching for Royals . Furcal singled to right . Jay singled to right , Furcal to third . Holliday flied out to center . Beltran doubled to deep right center , Furcal and Jay scored . Colon pitching for Royals . Molina singled to right , Beltran to third . Freese doubled to left , Beltran and Molina scored . Carpenter singled to right , Freese to third . Greene doubled to deep right center , Freese and Carpenter scored . Schumaker struck out swinging . Furcal grounded out to pitcher . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Perez singled to center . Escobar singled to center , Perez to second . Dyson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Perez out at third , Escobar to second . Gordon flied out to center , Escobar to third . Dyson stole second . Betancourt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Colon pitching for Royals . Jay popped out to shortstop . Holliday singled to left . Beltran flied out to left . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Butler flied out to center . Hosmer flied out to left . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Colon pitching for Royals . Freese flied out to right . Carpenter doubled to left . Carpenter to third on wild pitch by Colon . Greene popped out to second . Schumaker doubled to right , Carpenter scored . Furcal walked . Jay grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Moustakas hit by pitch . Perez homered to left ( 388 feet ) , Moustakas scored . Escobar flied out to left . Dyson bunt popped out to first . Gordon singled to right center . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gordon out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Colon pitching for Royals . Holliday walked . Beltran grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Holliday out at second . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Butler flied out to right . Hosmer flied out to left . Francoeur grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Colon pitching for Royals . Freese singled to right . Carpenter grounded out to pitcher , Freese to second . Greene grounded out to shortstop , Freese to third . Collins pitching for Royals . Schumaker walked . Furcal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Moustakas singled to right . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Moustakas out at second . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop , Perez to second . Dyson grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Collins pitching for Royals . Jay struck out looking . Holliday singled to right . Beltran grounded into double play , third to second to first , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Freeman pitching for Cardinals . Gordon flied out to center . Betancourt walked . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Betancourt out at second . Hosmer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Herrera pitching for Royals . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Freese singled to center . Carpenter flied out to left . Greene fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Descalso at second base . Greene at shortstop . Sanchez pitching for Cardinals . Francoeur struck out looking . Moustakas flied out to left . Perez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Mijares pitching for Royals . Robinson hit for Schumaker . Robinson struck out looking . Descalso singled to center . Jay struck out swinging . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Robinson in right field . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Escobar flied out to right . Dyson reached on infield single to shortstop . Gordon struck out swinging . Dyson to second on fielder 's indifference . Betancourt walked . Butler singled to left center , Dyson scored , Betancourt to third . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 11 - Royals 4 .	Cards ' Beltran ( four RBIs ) big in return to KC