Royals - Top 1st . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Gordon struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to third . Hosmer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Mazzaro pitching for Royals . Lawrie grounded out to pitcher . Rasmus flied out to center . Bautista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Butler flied out to center . Betancourt popped out to third . Moustakas fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Mazzaro pitching for Royals . Encarnacion singled to right . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Escobar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Encarnacion out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Francoeur singled to left . Perez singled to center , Francoeur to second . Bourgeois tripled to deep center , Francoeur and Perez scored . Gordon hit sacrifice fly to center , Bourgeois scored . Escobar popped out to second . Hosmer struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Mazzaro pitching for Royals . Davis singled to center . Lind struck out swinging . Davis caught stealing second , catcher to second . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Butler walked . Betancourt singled to center , Butler to second . Moustakas struck out swinging . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Butler out at third , Betancourt to second . Perez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Mazzaro pitching for Royals . Lawrie singled to center . Rasmus reached on bunt single to third , Lawrie to second . Bautista flied out to center , Lawrie to third . Encarnacion reached on infield single to shortstop , Lawrie scored , Rasmus to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop , Rasmus to third , Encarnacion to second . Davis singled to right , Rasmus and Encarnacion scored , Escobar to third , Davis to second advancing on throw . Lind homered to right ( 408 feet ) , Escobar and Davis scored . Mathis singled to deep left . Lawrie singled to center , Mathis to third . Rasmus grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Bourgeois flied out to center . Gordon popped out to shortstop . Escobar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Mazzaro pitching for Royals . Bautista reached on infield single to pitcher . Encarnacion lined out to left . Johnson reached on bunt single to third , Bautista to second . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bautista out at third , Johnson to second . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Hosmer flied out to left . Butler grounded out to third . Betancourt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Mazzaro pitching for Royals . Lind singled to left . Lind to second on wild pitch by Mazzaro . Mathis lined out to center . Holland pitching for Royals . Lawrie fouled out to first . Rasmus walked . Bautista struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Moustakas doubled to right . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Francoeur grounded out to third , Moustakas to third . Perez flied out to right , Moustakas thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Dyson in center field . Holland pitching for Royals . Encarnacion walked . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Encarnacion out at second . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Dyson doubled to deep left . Gordon struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to third . Dyson stole third . Hosmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Mijares pitching for Royals . Davis popped out to second . Lind grounded out to first . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Butler struck out swinging . Betancourt flied out to center . Moustakas grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 3 - Blue Jays 6 .	Lind 's homer caps rally , lifts Jays over Royals