Royals - Top 1st . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Gordon struck out looking . Escobar struck out swinging . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Lawrie grounded out to second . Rasmus doubled to right . Bautista grounded out to second , Rasmus to third . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Butler struck out looking . Betancourt grounded out to third . Moustakas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Lind fouled out to third . Escobar flied out to right . Davis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Francoeur grounded out to third . Perez reached on infield single to third . Dyson doubled to right center , Perez to third . Gordon walked . Escobar singled to right , Perez scored , Dyson to third , Gordon to second . Hosmer singled to left , Dyson scored , Gordon to third , Escobar to second . Butler reached on infield single to third , Gordon scored , Escobar to third , Hosmer to second , Escobar scored , Hosmer to third on throwing error by third baseman Lawrie . Betancourt walked , Butler to second . Moustakas hit sacrifice fly to center , Hosmer scored . Francoeur grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Johnson doubled to deep right . Arencibia homered to left ( 426 feet ) , Johnson scored . Lawrie grounded out to third . Rasmus walked . Bautista flied out to left . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rasmus out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Dyson grounded out to shortstop . Gordon singled to center . Escobar doubled to left , Gordon to third . Hosmer grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Lind struck out swinging . Escobar doubled to deep right center . Davis lined into double play , second to shortstop , Escobar doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Butler grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Moustakas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Johnson struck out swinging . Arencibia safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Lawrie flied out to center . Rasmus reached on infield single to first , Arencibia to second . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 6th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Perez singled to right . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Dyson flied out to center . Gordon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Collins pitching for Royals . Encarnacion flied out to right . Lind struck out swinging . Escobar walked . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Hosmer grounded out to second . Dyson pitching for Blue Jays . Butler walked . Butler stole second . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Collins pitching for Royals . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Arencibia homered to left center ( 401 feet ) . Holland pitching for Royals . Lawrie struck out looking . Rasmus popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Cordero pitching for Blue Jays . Moustakas singled to center . Francoeur reached on infield single to second , Moustakas to second . Perez singled to center , Moustakas to third , Francoeur to second . Dyson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Moustakas out at home , Francoeur to third , Perez to second . Gordon singled to right center , Francoeur scored , Perez to third , Dyson to second . Escobar struck out swinging . Hosmer reached on infield single to second , Perez and Dyson scored , Gordon to second . Carpenter pitching for Blue Jays . Butler lined out to right . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Crow pitching for Royals . Bautista grounded out to third . Encarnacion walked . Lind singled to center , Encarnacion to second . Escobar singled to left , Encarnacion scored , Lind to second . Davis grounded out to third , Lind to third , Escobar to second . Mijares pitching for Royals . Francisco hit for Johnson . Francisco tripled to deep right center , Lind and Escobar scored . Herrera pitching for Royals . Arencibia grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Vizquel at second base . Carpenter pitching for Blue Jays . Betancourt homered to left center ( 404 feet ) . Moustakas grounded out to pitcher . Francoeur struck out swinging . Perez reached on infield single to third . Dyson doubled to deep right , Perez to third . Gordon flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Broxton pitching for Royals . Lawrie grounded out to first . Rasmus singled to right . Bautista lined into double play , third to first , Rasmus doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 9 - Blue Jays 6 .	Hochevar leaves early but still wins for Royals