Twins - Top 1st . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Span struck out swinging . Revere grounded out to first . Mauer lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Diamond pitching for Twins . Gordon singled to center . Escobar safe at first on error by second baseman Casilla , Gordon to second . Butler grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Escobar out at second , Gordon to third . Cain singled to center , Gordon scored . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cain out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 2nd . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Willingham walked . Doumit grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Willingham out at second . Parmelee singled to right center . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Parmelee out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Moustakas singled to shallow center . Francoeur flied out to right . Hosmer singled to right , Moustakas to second . Betancourt singled to center , Moustakas scored , Hosmer to third . Gordon struck out looking . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Casilla hit by pitch . Carroll grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Casilla out at second . Span struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Butler singled to center . Cain flied out to left . Perez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Butler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Revere tripled to right . Mauer grounded out to second , Revere scored . Willingham singled to left . Doumit singled to right , Willingham to third . Parmelee grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Willingham scored , Doumit out at second . Dozier struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Moustakas singled to right . Francoeur grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Moustakas out at second . Hosmer walked . Betancourt flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Casilla bunt grounded out to pitcher . Carroll popped out to shortstop . Span flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Gordon singled to center . Escobar singled to left , Gordon to second . Butler flied out to right , Gordon to third . Cain singled to left , Gordon scored , Escobar to third , Cain to second advancing on throw . Perez intentionally walked . Moustakas safe at first on error by first baseman Parmelee , Escobar scored , Cain to third , Perez to second . Francoeur lined into double play , second to shortstop , Perez doubled off second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 6th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Revere walked . Mauer sacrificed to pitcher , Revere to second . Willingham grounded out to second , Revere to third . Doumit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Hosmer struck out looking . Betancourt popped out to shortstop . Gordon fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Parmelee singled to right . Dozier flied out to right . Casilla singled to left , Parmelee to second . Carroll doubled to left , Parmelee scored , Casilla to third . Mijares pitching for Royals . Span grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Casilla out at home , Carroll to third , Span to second . Revere flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Gray pitching for Twins . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Butler singled to center . Cain doubled to deep center , Butler scored . Dyson ran for Cain . Perez lined out to left . Duensing pitching for Twins . Moustakas flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Dyson in center field . Mijares pitching for Royals . Mauer reached on infield single to shortstop . Crow pitching for Royals . Willingham grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mauer out at second . Doumit grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Mastroianni in right field . Revere in center field . Duensing pitching for Twins . Francoeur doubled to center . Hosmer grounded out to third , Francoeur to third . Betancourt doubled to left , Francoeur scored . Getz ran for Betancourt . Getz to third on wild pitch by Duensing . Gordon singled to left center , Getz scored . Burnett pitching for Twins . Escobar singled to left , Gordon to second . Butler lined into double play , first to shortstop , Gordon doubled off second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Getz at second base . James Crow pitching for Royals . Parmelee struck out looking . Dozier flied out to center . Casilla grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 3 - Royals 7 .	Cain , Gordon too much for Twins in Royals ' win