Royals - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Angels . Gordon struck out swinging . Escobar struck out looking . Cain hit by pitch . Butler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Trout doubled to center . Hunter singled to center , Trout to third . Trout scored , Hunter to second on wild pitch by Hochevar . Trumbo singled to left , Hunter to third . Morales grounded out to first , Hunter scored , Trumbo to second . Callaspo doubled to center , Trumbo scored . Kendrick flied out to right , Callaspo to third . Izturis grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Moustakas doubled to right . Perez flied out to right , Moustakas to third . Francoeur struck out swinging . Hosmer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Bourjos reached on infield single to shortstop . Wilson sacrificed to first , Bourjos to second , Wilson safe at first on error by first baseman Hosmer . Trout grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bourjos out at third , Wilson to second , Wilson to third , Trout to second on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas . Hunter singled to left , Wilson and Trout scored , Hunter to second advancing on throw . Hunter to third on wild pitch by Hochevar . Trumbo grounded out to pitcher , Hunter scored . Morales struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Betancourt popped out to shortstop . Gordon walked . Escobar popped out to second . Cain hit by pitch , Gordon to second . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Callaspo walked . Kendrick singled to left , Callaspo to third . Izturis doubled to deep right , Callaspo scored , Kendrick thrown out at home . Izturis caught stealing third , catcher to third . Bourjos struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Moustakas popped out to second . Perez safe at first on error by shortstop Izturis . Francoeur struck out swinging . Hosmer walked , Perez to second . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 4th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Wilson homered to left center ( 402 feet ) . Trout hit by pitch . Teaford pitching for Royals . Hunter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Trout out at second . Trumbo singled to center . Morales popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Gordon struck out swinging . Escobar singled to right . Cain struck out swinging . Butler homered to left ( 359 feet ) , Escobar scored . Moustakas flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Teaford pitching for Royals . Callaspo singled to center . Kendrick singled to center , Callaspo to second . Izturis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kendrick out at second , Callaspo to third . Bourjos grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Isringhausen pitching for Angels . Perez flied out to center . Francoeur struck out swinging . Hosmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Teaford pitching for Royals . Wilson lined out to first . Trout flied out to left . Hunter singled to center . Trumbo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Hawkins pitching for Angels . Betancourt flied out to center . Gordon flied out to left . Escobar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Teaford pitching for Royals . Morales lined out to left . Callaspo doubled to deep center . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop , Callaspo to third . Izturis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Downs pitching for Angels . Cain grounded out to pitcher . Butler walked . Moustakas struck out swinging . Perez singled to left , Butler to second . Francoeur homered to left center ( 415 feet ) , Butler and Perez scored . Hosmer walked . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Betancourt popped out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Teaford pitching for Royals . Bourjos singled to right . Coleman pitching for Royals . Wilson sacrificed to first , Bourjos to second . Trout homered to center ( 431 feet ) , Bourjos scored . Hunter homered to left center ( 406 feet ) . Trumbo walked . Morales struck out swinging . Callaspo flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Frieri pitching for Angels . Gordon singled to center . Escobar struck out swinging . Gordon to second on fielder 's indifference . Cain struck out swinging . Butler singled to center , Gordon scored . Moustakas flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Angels 11 .	Weaver wins 7th straight as Angels hold on