Royals - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Gordon struck out looking . Escobar struck out swinging . Cain struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Smith pitching for Royals . Ackley flied out to left . Wells hit by pitch . Saunders struck out swinging . Montero grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Butler walked . Perez singled to deep left , Butler to second . Hosmer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Perez out at second , Butler to third . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Smith pitching for Royals . Seager singled to center . Olivo lined out to shortstop . Seager stole second . Carp doubled to left , Seager scored . Robinson grounded out to third . Ryan fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Getz popped out to third . Dyson singled to right . Gordon struck out swinging , Dyson to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Escobar singled to left , Dyson scored . Escobar stole second . Cain fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Smith pitching for Royals . Ackley flied out to center . Wells struck out swinging . Saunders doubled to deep left . Montero flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Butler grounded out to third . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Hosmer reached on infield single to second . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hosmer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Smith pitching for Royals . Seager singled to left . Olivo struck out swinging . Carp singled to right center , Seager to second . Robinson doubled to left , Seager scored , Carp to third . Ryan hit sacrifice fly to center , Carp scored . Ackley flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Getz singled to left . Dyson walked , Getz to second . Gordon flied out to center , Getz to third , Dyson to second . Escobar grounded out to third , Getz scored , Dyson to third . Cain fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Smith pitching for Royals . Wells flied out to right . Saunders singled to center . Montero flied out to right . Seager lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Butler struck out swinging . Perez struck out swinging . Hosmer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Smith pitching for Royals . Olivo flied out to center . Carp struck out swinging . Robinson fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Betancourt grounded out to third . Getz grounded out to first . Dyson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Herrera pitching for Royals . Ryan singled to right . Ackley singled to left , Ryan to second . Wells bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ryan out at third , Ackley to second . Collins pitching for Royals . Saunders struck out swinging . Ackley to third , Wells to second on wild pitch by Collins . Montero intentionally walked . Seager singled to right center , Ackley and Wells scored , Montero to third . Olivo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Seager out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Luetge pitching for Mariners . Gordon struck out swinging . League pitching for Mariners . Escobar singled to center . Escobar stole second . Cain struck out swinging . Butler singled to center , Escobar scored . Perez singled to left center , Butler to second . Perez pitching for Mariners . Butler to third , Perez to second on wild pitch by Perez . Hosmer singled to left , Butler and Perez scored , Hosmer to third on throwing error by left fielder Robinson . Betancourt struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Mijares pitching for Royals . Carp doubled to deep left . Kawasaki ran for Carp . Robinson sacrificed to catcher , Kawasaki to third , Robinson safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Mijares . Kawasaki scored on throwing error by pitcher Mijares . Holland pitching for Royals . Ryan sacrificed to pitcher , Robinson to third . Ackley intentionally walked . Wells singled to left , Robinson scored , Ackley to second . Saunders struck out looking . Montero grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 9th . Ackley at first base . Kawasaki at second base . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Getz grounded out to first . Dyson walked . Gordon singled to right , Dyson to third . Escobar grounded out to pitcher , Dyson scored , Gordon to second . Cain struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Mariners 7 .	King Felix helps Mariners finish sweep of Royals