Royals - Top 1st . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Cain flied out to center . Escobar reached on infield single to third . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Escobar out at second . Gordon stole second . Butler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Smith pitching for Royals . Ciriaco singled to shallow right . Ellsbury flied out to center . Pedroia doubled to shallow right , Ciriaco to third . Ross singled to left , Ciriaco scored , Pedroia to third . Loney grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ross out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Perez reached on infield single to third . Francoeur struck out swinging . Giavotella flied out to center . Hosmer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Smith pitching for Royals . Lavarnway popped out to first . Gomez walked . Aviles doubled to left , Gomez scored . Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop , Aviles to third . Ciriaco popped out to shortstop . Ellsbury lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Cain walked . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cain safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Ciriaco . Gordon fouled out to third . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Smith pitching for Royals . Pedroia flied out to center . Ross struck out looking . Loney grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Perez grounded out to third . Francoeur struck out looking . Giavotella singled to right . Hosmer singled to center , Giavotella to second . Abreu singled to left , Giavotella scored , Hosmer to third , Abreu to second advancing on throw . Cain homered to left ( 377 feet ) , Hosmer and Abreu scored . Escobar walked . Escobar stole second , Escobar safe at third on throwing error by catcher Lavarnway . Gordon struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Smith pitching for Royals . Lavarnway grounded out to third . Gomez grounded out to third . Aviles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Butler struck out swinging . Perez flied out to right . Francoeur grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Smith pitching for Royals . Podsednik flied out to center . Ciriaco homered to left ( 364 feet ) . Ellsbury singled to right . Pedroia grounded out to third , Ellsbury to second . Ellsbury stole third . Ross walked . Loney singled to center , Ellsbury scored , Ross to second . Lavarnway flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Beato pitching for Red Sox . Giavotella flied out to center . Hosmer grounded out to second . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Smith pitching for Royals . Gomez safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar . Aviles singled to left , Gomez to second . Collins pitching for Royals . Podsednik flied out to left . Ciriaco struck out looking . Ellsbury reached on infield single to second , Gomez scored , Aviles to third . Crow pitching for Royals . Pedroia grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Beato pitching for Red Sox . Cain grounded out to third . Escobar struck out swinging . Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop . Gordon caught stealing second , catcher to second . Butler batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Jeffress pitching for Royals . Ross singled to center . Loney grounded out to second , Ross to second . Lavarnway singled to right , Ross to third . Gomez walked , Lavarnway to second . Aviles struck out swinging . Podsednik safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar , Ross scored , Lavarnway to third , Gomez to second . Ciriaco reached on infield single to third , Lavarnway scored , Gomez to third , Podsednik to second . Bueno pitching for Royals . Ellsbury popped out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 8th . Beato pitching for Red Sox . Butler singled to left . Perez singled to left , Butler to second . Francoeur walked , Butler to third , Perez to second . Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Giavotella struck out swinging . Hosmer hit sacrifice fly to right , Butler scored . Abreu singled to center , Perez scored , Francoeur to third . Cain struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Coleman pitching for Royals . Pedroia homered to left ( 399 feet ) . Ross struck out swinging . Loney struck out swinging . Lavarnway struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Melancon pitching for Red Sox . Escobar grounded out to first . Gordon singled to right . Butler struck out swinging . Gordon to second on fielder 's indifference . Perez lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Red Sox 8 .	Loney powers Red Sox in debut