Giants - Top 1st . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Winn grounded out to second . Frandsen singled to left . Lewis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Frandsen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Zito pitching for Giants . Stewart popped out to third . Swisher singled to left . Chavez walked , Swisher to second . Johnson walked , Swisher to third , Chavez to second . Cust walked , Swisher scored , Chavez to third , Johnson to second . Crosby reached on infield single to pitcher , Chavez scored , Johnson to third , Cust to second . Ellis walked , Johnson scored , Cust to third , Crosby to second . Buck grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ellis out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Bonds struck out looking . Klesko hit ground rule double to deep center . Molina singled to center , Klesko to third . Feliz walked , Molina to second . Vizquel hit sacrifice fly to right , Klesko scored , Molina to third . Ortmeier grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Zito pitching for Giants . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Stewart flied out to right . Swisher flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Winn flied out to center . Frandsen grounded out to second . Lewis walked . Bonds singled to center , Lewis to second . Klesko grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Zito pitching for Giants . Chavez singled to right . Johnson homered to center , Chavez scored . Cust walked . Crosby grounded into double play , second to first , Cust out at second . Ellis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Molina flied out to left . Feliz grounded out to second . Vizquel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Zito pitching for Giants . Buck singled to left . Kendall struck out looking . Stewart walked , Buck to second . Swisher grounded into double play , third to second to first , Stewart out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Ortmeier grounded out to pitcher . Winn grounded out to second . Frandsen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Zito pitching for Giants . Chavez walked . Chulk pitching for Giants . Johnson singled to center , Chavez to third . Cust singled to center , Chavez scored , Johnson to third . Crosby grounded out to shortstop , Johnson scored , Cust to second . Ellis flied out to left . Buck flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Lewis singled to center . Bonds singled to left center , Lewis to second . Klesko struck out looking . Molina singled to center , Lewis scored , Bonds to second . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bonds out at third , Molina to second . Vizquel flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Chulk pitching for Giants . Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop . Stewart hit by pitch , Kendall to second . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Swisher doubled to deep center , Kendall and Stewart scored . Chavez struck out looking . Johnson walked . Cust struck out swinging . Crosby walked , Swisher to third , Johnson to second . Marshall pitching for Athletics . Bocachica in center field . Swisher in right field . Buck in left field . Ellis flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Marshall pitching for Athletics . Ortmeier singled to center , Ortmeier to second on error by center fielder Bocachica . Winn doubled to deep center , Ortmeier scored . Frandsen grounded out to third . Lewis struck out swinging . Bonds walked . Alfonzo catching . Klesko grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Buck homered to left . Kendall struck out swinging . Bocachica struck out swinging . Swisher walked . Calero pitching for Athletics . Chavez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Calero pitching for Athletics . Alfonzo struck out swinging . Feliz singled to center . Vizquel grounded out to second , Feliz to second . Kline pitching for Giants . Ortmeier struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Kline pitching for Giants . Johnson walked . Cust doubled to right , Johnson to third . Crosby walked . Taschner pitching for Giants . San Francisco 's Manager Bochy ejected by Miller in the 8th . Buck doubled to deep center . Kendall grounded out to second . Bocachica walked . Scutaro hit for Chavez . Swisher struck out swinging . Scutaro singled to left , Buck scored , Bocachica to second . Scutaro at third base . Flores pitching for Athletics . Johnson flied out to left . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Flores pitching for Athletics . Winn grounded out to second . Frandsen flied out to center . Lewis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 3 - Athletics 15 .	A 's pound Zito in Oakland return , rout Giants