Dodgers - Top 1st . Cain pitching for Giants . Furcal popped out to shortstop . Pierre grounded out to first . Martin singled to left . Kent grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Roberts singled to right . Winn sacrificed to third , Roberts to second . Durham walked . Bonds grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Durham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Cain pitching for Giants . Gonzalez flied out to center . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . Loney flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Klesko flied out to right . Molina flied out to center . Aurilia flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Cain pitching for Giants . Ethier singled to center . Billingsley struck out bunting foul . Furcal singled to right , Ethier to second . Pierre singled to center , Ethier scored , Furcal thrown out at third , Pierre to second . Pierre stole third , Pierre scored on throwing error by catcher Molina . Martin walked . Kent grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Vizquel grounded out to second . Cain struck out swinging . Roberts singled to center . Winn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Cain pitching for Giants . Gonzalez singled to center . Garciaparra flied out to left . Loney grounded out to second , Gonzalez to second . Ethier intentionally walked . Billingsley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Durham grounded out to second . Bonds walked . Klesko grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bonds out at second . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Cain pitching for Giants . Furcal reached on infield single to pitcher . Pierre sacrificed to pitcher , Furcal to second . Martin singled to left center , Furcal scored . Kent grounded into double play , second to first , Martin out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Aurilia struck out swinging . Lewis hit for Cain . Vizquel singled to center . Lewis singled to right center , Vizquel to second . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lewis out at second , Vizquel to third . Misch pitching for Giants . Winn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Misch pitching for Giants . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Garciaparra flied out to right . Loney doubled to left . Ethier grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Durham grounded out to first . Bonds walked . Klesko grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bonds out at second . Betemit hit for Billingsley . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Klesko out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Misch pitching for Giants . Betemit grounded out to first . Furcal walked . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Furcal out at second . Martin hit by pitch , Pierre to second . Correia pitching for Giants . Kent walked , Pierre to third , Martin to second . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Ethier in left field . Kemp in right field . Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Aurilia grounded out to second . Feliz hit for Correia . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . Frandsen hit for Roberts . Feliz singled to center . Feliz in right field . Kline pitching for Giants . Winn in center field . Frandsen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Feliz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Kline pitching for Giants . Garciaparra grounded out to third . Loney singled to center . Loney caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ethier singled to center . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Kemp grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Winn singled to left . Durham safe at first on error by first baseman Loney , Winn to third . Bonds grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Winn scored , Durham out at second . Klesko grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 9th . Kline pitching for Giants . Furcal batting . Martin doubled to left , Pierre to third . Saenz hit for Broxton . Kent singled to center , Pierre scored , Martin to third . Martinez ran for Kent . Saenz singled to right , Martin scored , Martinez to second . Garciaparra singled to left , Martinez scored , Saenz to second . Taschner pitching for Giants . Loney singled to left , Saenz to third , Garciaparra to second . Ethier doubled to deep center , Saenz , Garciaparra and Loney scored . Kemp flied out to center . Martinez at second base . Seanez pitching for Dodgers . Lieberthal catching . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Seanez pitching for Dodgers . Molina flied out to right . Aurilia struck out swinging . Vizquel singled to right . Feliz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 9 - Giants 1 .	Dodgers blow open close game late to beat Giants