Giants - Top 1st . Mitre pitching for Marlins . Davis grounded out to third . Roberts singled to right . Winn grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Roberts out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Ortiz pitching for Giants . Ramirez fouled out to catcher . De Aza flied out to left . Willingham singled to center . Jacobs singled to right , Willingham to second . Uggla singled to center , Willingham scored , Jacobs to second . Hermida homered to right center , Jacobs and Uggla scored . Olivo flied out to right . 4 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Mitre pitching for Marlins . Klesko walked . Molina popped out to shortstop . Durham reached on infield single to third , Klesko to second . Aurilia doubled to deep left , Klesko scored , Durham to third . Vizquel hit sacrifice fly to right , Durham scored , Aurilia to third . Ortiz grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Giants . Amezaga flied out to left . Mitre walked . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mitre out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Mitre pitching for Marlins . Davis lined out to center . Roberts lined out to right . Winn doubled to deep left . Klesko walked . Molina singled to left , Winn scored , Klesko to second . Durham struck out swinging . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Giants . De Aza bunt grounded out to pitcher . Willingham grounded out to third . Jacobs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Mitre pitching for Marlins . Aurilia singled to right . Vizquel singled to right , Aurilia to second . Ortiz bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Aurilia out at third , Vizquel to second . Davis grounded out to third , Vizquel to third , Ortiz to second . Roberts grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Ortiz pitching for Giants . Uggla singled to left . Hermida singled to right , Uggla to second . Olivo flied out to right . Amezaga flied out to left . Mitre fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Mitre pitching for Marlins . Winn lined out to shortstop . Klesko singled to left . Klesko stole second . Molina singled to center , Klesko scored . Durham lined out to center . Aurilia singled to center , Molina to second . Vizquel walked , Molina to third , Aurilia to second . Ortiz singled to right , Molina scored , Aurilia to third , Vizquel to second . Wolf pitching for Marlins . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ortiz out at second . 2 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Ramirez walked . Taschner pitching for Giants . De Aza sacrificed to pitcher , Ramirez to second . Ramirez stole third . Ramirez scored on throwing error by catcher Molina . Willingham walked . Jacobs struck out swinging . Uggla walked , Willingham to second . Hermida struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Wolf pitching for Marlins . Roberts tripled to deep center . Winn hit by pitch . Klesko fouled out to third . Molina singled to right , Roberts scored , Winn to third . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Linden in right field . Durham struck out looking . Aurilia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Taschner pitching for Giants . Olivo singled to center . Amezaga struck out swinging . Linden walked , Olivo to second . Chulk pitching for Giants . Ramirez flied out to left . De Aza grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Linden out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Vizquel grounded out to first . Chulk reached on infield single to first . Davis singled to right , Chulk to second . Roberts struck out swinging . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Chulk pitching for Giants . Willingham struck out swinging . Kline pitching for Giants . Jacobs flied out to left . Atchison pitching for Giants . Uggla lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Klesko struck out swinging . Molina singled to center . Durham walked , Molina to second . Molina to third , Durham to second on wild pitch by Tankersley . Aurilia struck out looking . Vizquel singled to left , Molina scored , Durham scored , Vizquel to second on error by catcher Olivo . Vizquel caught stealing third , catcher to third . Atchison batting . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Wood hit for Tankersley . Atchison pitching for Giants . Wood struck out swinging . Olivo homered to center . Amezaga doubled to deep left . Cabrera hit for Linden . Cabrera singled to center , Amezaga scored . Correia pitching for Giants . Feliz at third base . Ramirez flied out to center . De Aza struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Ross in right field . Amezaga in center field . Cabrera at third base . Feliz flied out to left . Davis hit by pitch . Roberts flied out to right . Davis stole second . Winn walked . Klesko struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Wilson pitching for Giants . Willingham flied out to left . Jacobs walked . Uggla grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jacobs out at second . Ross struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 8 - Marlins 7 .	Molina 's three RBIs lead Giants past Marlins