Pirates - Top 1st. Morales pitching for Rockies. Harrison doubled to left. Polanco struck out looking. McCutchen walked. Sanchez flied out to right. Walker fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Volquez pitching for Pirates. Blackmon walked. Rutledge grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blackmon out at second. Dickerson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Morales pitching for Rockies. Mercer singled to left. Alvarez flied out to right. Stewart walked, Mercer to second. Volquez walked, Mercer to third, Stewart to second. Harrison singled to left, Mercer scored, Stewart to third, Volquez to second. Polanco hit sacrifice fly to left, Stewart scored. McCutchen struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Volquez pitching for Pirates. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Paulsen grounded out to third. Rosario doubled to deep center. Rosario to third on wild pitch by Volquez. Barnes walked. LeMahieu singled to center, Rosario scored, Barnes to second. Morales grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Morales pitching for Rockies. Sanchez singled to center. Walker fouled out to catcher. Mercer singled to center, Sanchez to second. Alvarez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mercer out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Volquez pitching for Pirates. Blackmon flied out to left. Rutledge struck out swinging. Dickerson struck out swinging, Dickerson safe at first on wild pitch by Volquez. Arenado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dickerson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Morales pitching for Rockies. Stewart singled to left. Volquez sacrificed to third, Stewart to second. Harrison flied out to left. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Volquez pitching for Pirates. Paulsen popped out to second. Rosario safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez. Barnes homered to left (410 feet), Rosario scored. LeMahieu singled to right. Morales sacrificed to first, LeMahieu to second. Blackmon doubled to deep right center, LeMahieu scored. Rutledge flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 5th. Morales pitching for Rockies. McCutchen walked. Sanchez walked, McCutchen to second. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Walker singled to right, McCutchen to third, Sanchez to second. Mercer lined into double play, to third, McCutchen doubled off third. Alvarez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Volquez pitching for Pirates. Dickerson flied out to center. Arenado walked. Paulsen doubled to left center, Arenado to third. Rosario intentionally walked. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Barnes grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rosario out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Stewart singled to left. Snider hit for Hughes. Snider homered to right center (411 feet), Stewart scored. Harrison singled to left center. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez in right field. Harrison stole second. Harrison stole third. Polanco struck out swinging. McCutchen struck out swinging. Davis hit for Sanchez. Davis doubled to deep right, Harrison scored. Walker grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Davis at first base. Wilson pitching for Pirates. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to left. Blackmon singled to right. Rutledge grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Mercer lined out to center. Alvarez singled to left. Stewart struck out looking. Martinez hit for Wilson. Martinez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Harrison at third base. Watson pitching for Pirates. Martinez in left field. Dickerson grounded out to second. Arenado homered to center (427 feet). Paulsen grounded out to first. Rosario singled to left. Culberson hit for Belisle. Culberson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Harrison homered to right center (419 feet). Polanco homered to right (388 feet). McCutchen grounded out to third. Davis flied out to left. Walker lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Watson pitching for Pirates. LeMahieu reached on infield single to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to first, LeMahieu to second. LeMahieu caught stealing third, catcher to third. Blackmon grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Brown pitching for Rockies. Mercer lined out to center. Morel hit for Watson. Morel lined out to first. Stewart singled to left center. Martinez reached on infield single to second, Stewart to second. Harrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Rutledge struck out swinging. Dickerson grounded out to third. Arenado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 7 - Rockies 5.	Harrison's 4 hits leads Pirates past Rockies, 7-5