Pirates - Top 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Harrison grounded out to third. Polanco singled to left center. Polanco stole second. McCutchen struck out swinging. Polanco out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Walker batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Pence popped out to shortstop. Crawford singled to right. Posey reached on infield single to shortstop, Crawford to second. Sandoval walked, Crawford to third, Posey to second. Morse reached on infield single to third, Crawford scored, Posey to third, Sandoval to second. Panik walked, Posey scored, Sandoval to third, Morse to second. Blanco singled to shallow left, Sandoval scored, Morse to third, Panik to second. Susac struck out swinging. Lincecum grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Walker doubled to deep center. Davis walked. Walker to third, Davis to second on wild pitch by Lincecum. Snider grounded out to first, Walker scored, Davis to third. Mercer struck out swinging. Stewart grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Crawford flied out to left. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Morton walked. Harrison homered to left center (391 feet), Morton scored. Polanco flied out to left. McCutchen grounded out to third. Walker grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Sandoval singled to left. Morse singled to shallow right, Sandoval to second. Panik flied out to center, Sandoval to third. Blanco hit by pitch, Morse to second. Susac singled to left, Sandoval scored, Morse to third, Blanco to second. Lincecum grounded into double play, third to second to first, Susac out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Davis lined out to second. Snider singled to center. Snider to second on wild pitch by Lincecum. Mercer homered to left (371 feet), Snider scored. Stewart walked. Gutierrez pitching for Giants. Morton struck out bunting foul. Harrison flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Pence singled to left. Pence stole second. Crawford walked. Posey lined out to third. Sandoval fouled out to catcher. Morse lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Gutierrez pitching for Giants. Polanco popped out to shortstop. McCutchen flied out to right. Walker popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Panik lined out to right. Blanco singled to left. Susac grounded out to second, Blanco to second. Colvin hit for Gutierrez. Blanco to third on wild pitch by Morton. Colvin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Lopez pitching for Giants. Sanchez hit for Davis. Sanchez walked. Snider grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Sanchez safe at second on error by shortstop Crawford. Machi pitching for Giants. Mercer sacrificed to first, Sanchez to third, Snider to second. Stewart walked double play, shortstop to pitcher to third to pitcher to shortstop, Sanchez out at home, Snider out at third, Stewart to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 6th. Sanchez at first base. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Pence grounded out to second. Crawford grounded out to second. Posey lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Martinez hit for Hughes. Machi pitching for Giants. Martinez grounded out to second. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. Polanco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Wilson pitching for Pirates. Sandoval grounded out to first. Morse walked. Panik singled to center, Morse to second. Perez ran for Morse. Blanco singled to right, Perez scored, Panik to third. Panik scored, Blanco to second on passed ball by Stewart. Susac struck out swinging. Arias hit for Machi. Arias grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Perez in left field. Romo pitching for Giants. McCutchen struck out looking. Walker flied out to left. Sanchez walked. Snider flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Gomez pitching for Pirates. Pence flied out to center. Crawford walked. Posey grounded into fielder's choice to second, Crawford safe at second on error by second baseman Walker. Sandoval singled to right center, Crawford scored, Posey to second. Frieri pitching for Pirates. Perez popped out to second. Panik struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 9th. Casilla pitching for Giants. Mercer flied out to center. Stewart singled to left center. Alvarez hit for Frieri. Alvarez flied out to left. Stewart to second on fielder's indifference. Harrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 5 - Giants 7.	Giants profit on Pirates' blunder, end skid