Pirates - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison doubled to left. Polanco flied out to center. McCutchen walked. Davis struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. Hill singled to center. Peralta lined out to shortstop. Trumbo walked, Hill to second. Montero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Alvarez flied out to center. Snider grounded out to first. Mercer lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Pacheco singled to shallow center. Gregorius lined out to left. An Marte lined out to center. Anderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Worley grounded out to shortstop. Harrison homered to left (388 feet). Polanco grounded out to first. McCutchen grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Inciarte lined out to right. Hill grounded out to third. Peralta doubled to deep center. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Davis grounded out to second. Martin fouled out to catcher. Alvarez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Montero grounded out to first. Pacheco grounded out to shortstop. Gregorius safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez. An Marte singled to right, Gregorius to third. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Snider popped out to shortstop. Mercer reached on bunt single to pitcher. Worley sacrificed to pitcher, Mercer to second. Harrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Inciarte singled to left. Hill grounded out to third, Inciarte to second. Peralta singled to right, Inciarte scored, Peralta to second on throwing error by right fielder Polanco. Trumbo popped out to second. Montero grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Polanco flied out to center. McCutchen singled to right. Davis flied out to left. Martin singled to right, McCutchen to second. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Morel at third base. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Pacheco grounded out to shortstop. Gregorius reached on infield single to catcher. An Marte flied out to right. Kieschnick hit for Anderson. Kieschnick struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Snider struck out swinging. Mercer flied out to center. Sanchez hit for Worley. Sanchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Inciarte walked. Hill singled to left center, Inciarte to third. Peralta grounded out to first, Hill to second. Trumbo struck out looking. Montero intentionally walked. Pacheco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison reached on infield single to shortstop. Polanco reached first base on catcher's interference, Harrison to second. McCutchen singled to left center, Harrison scored, Polanco to second. Davis grounded out to first, Polanco to third, McCutchen to second. Martin safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Ziegler, Polanco and McCutchen scored. Morel doubled to deep center, Martin scored. Stites pitching for Diamondbacks. Snider grounded out to shortstop, Morel to third. Mercer grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Martinez in left field. Gregorius lined out to shortstop. An Marte flied out to center. Al Marte hit for Stites. Al Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Martinez grounded out to second. Harrison walked. Polanco doubled to center, Harrison to third. McCutchen hit by pitch. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Davis struck out swinging. Martin singled to left center, Harrison scored, Polanco to third, McCutchen to second. Morel singled to center, Polanco and McCutchen scored, Martin to second. Watson struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Frieri pitching for Pirates. Inciarte flied out to center. Hill walked. Hill to second on fielder's indifference. Peralta homered to right (386 feet), Hill scored. Trumbo fouled out to catcher. Montero flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 8 - Diamondbacks 3.	McCutchen, Pirates call D-backs out on HBP