Pirates - Top 1st. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Harrison flied out to right. Polanco grounded out to second. Martin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Carrera struck out swinging. Kinsler struck out looking. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Davis walked. Marte hit by pitch, Davis to second. Alvarez struck out swinging. Mercer popped out to shortstop. Snider struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Martinez singled to center. Hunter singled to left center, Martinez to second. Kelly grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hunter out at second, Martinez to third. Castellanos tripled to deep center, Martinez scored. Avila struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Nix flied out to center. Harrison doubled to deep left. Polanco grounded out to second, Harrison to third. Martin doubled to deep right, Harrison scored. Davis struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Suarez grounded out to second. Carrera flied out to right. Kinsler singled to left. Kinsler to second on wild pitch by Worley. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Alvarez singled to center. Mercer tripled to left, Alvarez scored. Snider homered to right (394 feet), Mercer scored. Nix popped out to second. Harrison flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Hunter doubled to deep right. Kelly struck out swinging. Castellanos grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Polanco grounded out to third. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Davis singled to center. Marte flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Avila homered to right (394 feet). Suarez singled to center. Carrera safe at first on error by second baseman Nix, Suarez to second. Kinsler sacrificed to third, Suarez to third, Carrera to second. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right, Suarez scored, Carrera to third. Martinez singled to center, Carrera scored. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 6th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Alvarez struck out swinging. Mercer walked. Snider grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mercer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Kelly grounded out to first. Castellanos homered to left center (431 feet). Avila walked. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Suarez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Avila out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Nix grounded out to shortstop. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. Polanco grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Pimentel pitching for Pirates. Carrera tripled to deep right center. Kinsler walked. Kinsler stole second. Cabrera intentionally walked. Martinez singled to right, Carrera and Kinsler scored, Cabrera to third. Gomez pitching for Pirates. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera scored, Martinez out at second. Kelly singled to center, Hunter to second. Castellanos grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kelly out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Chamberlain pitching for Tigers. Martin flied out to center. Davis walked. Marte struck out swinging. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Gomez pitching for Pirates. Avila grounded out to shortstop. Suarez grounded out to third. Carrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Tigers. Mercer walked. Snider walked, Mercer to second. Nix flied out to left. Harrison grounded into double play, third to first, Mercer out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Tigers 8.	Tigers rally past Pirates 8-4