Red Sox - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Betts singled to left. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Cespedes flied out to left. Betts to second on wild pitch by Liriano, Betts safe at third on throwing error by catcher Martin. Napoli walked. Craig walked, Napoli to second. Middlebrooks grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Craig out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Harrison popped out to second. Polanco homered to right (392 feet). McCutchen walked. Walker grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, McCutchen out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Castillo grounded out to catcher. Vazquez struck out looking. Buchholz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Martin lined out to left. Marte safe at first on error by first baseman Napoli. Davis doubled to right, Marte to third. Barmes doubled to deep left, Marte and Davis scored. Liriano singled to right, Barmes to third. Harrison singled to center, Barmes scored, Liriano to second. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harrison out at second, Liriano to third. McCutchen struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Betts walked. Bogaerts grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Betts out at second. Cespedes popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Walker homered to right (347 feet). Martin popped out to first. Marte grounded out to pitcher. Davis grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Napoli walked. Craig lined out to center. Middlebrooks lined out to left. Castillo reached on infield single to second, Napoli to second. Vazquez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Barmes grounded out to second. Liriano struck out looking. Harrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Brentz hit for Buchholz. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Brentz doubled to left. Betts flied out to right, Brentz to third. Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop, Brentz scored. Cespedes flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Wright pitching for Red Sox. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen singled to left. Walker singled to left, McCutchen to second. Martin reached on infield single to third, McCutchen to third, Walker to second. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCutchen scored, Martin out at second, Walker to third. Davis homered to center (421 feet), Walker and Marte scored. Barmes singled to left. Liriano flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Napoli walked. Craig grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Napoli out at second. Middlebrooks grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Cecchini at third base. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Middlebrooks at first base. Nava in left field. Harrison flied out to left. Polanco fouled out to left. McCutchen doubled to deep right. Walker popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Wilson pitching for Pirates. Marte in center field. Snider in left field. Castillo flied out to center. Vazquez singled to center. Nava singled to left, Vazquez to second. Betts struck out swinging. Vazquez to third, Nava to second on wild pitch by Wilson. Bogaerts flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Marte reached on infield single to third. Davis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Marte out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Harrison at second base. Stewart catching. Morel at third base. Axford pitching for Pirates. Cecchini hit by pitch. Lavarnway hit for Barnes. Lavarnway struck out swinging. Craig struck out looking. Middlebrooks lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Barmes singled to left. Snider popped out to shortstop. Harrison doubled to right, Barmes to third. Polanco struck out looking. Stewart popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Gomez pitching for Pirates. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Vazquez grounded out to first. Nava struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 1 - Pirates 9.	Pirates overwhelm Buchholz, Red Sox in 9-1 win