Indians - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Bourn struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Kipnis doubled to left center. Swisher hit ground rule double to deep left, Kipnis scored. Brantley grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Myers pitching for Indians. Reyes walked. Cabrera grounded out to third, Reyes to second. Bautista homered to left (430 feet), Reyes scored. Encarnacion flied out to right. Lind grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds grounded out to third. Chisenhall flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Myers pitching for Indians. Arencibia homered to center (460 feet). DeRosa flied out to center. Rasmus grounded out to first. Bonifacio singled to left. Reyes grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Stubbs grounded out to pitcher. Bourn hit by pitch. Cabrera grounded out to third, Bourn to second. Kipnis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Myers pitching for Indians. Cabrera flied out to center. Bautista flied out to center. Encarnacion fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Swisher flied out to center. Brantley grounded out to second. Santana homered to left (419 feet). Reynolds homered to left (442 feet). Chisenhall struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Myers pitching for Indians. Lind grounded out to first. Arencibia singled to left. DeRosa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arencibia out at second. Rasmus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Stubbs safe at first on throwing error by third baseman DeRosa. Bourn singled to left, Stubbs to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Kipnis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bourn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Myers pitching for Indians. Bonifacio bunt grounded out to third. Reyes singled to right. Reyes stole second. Cabrera walked. Bautista lined out to center. Encarnacion homered to left (365 feet), Reyes and Cabrera scored. Lind flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Swisher walked. Brantley hit by pitch, Swisher to second. Santana hit ground rule double to left, Swisher scored, Brantley to third. Reynolds popped out to second. Chisenhall doubled to deep left center, Brantley and Santana scored. Delabar pitching for Blue Jays. Stubbs struck out looking. Bourn reached on infield single to second, Chisenhall to third. Cabrera grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Myers pitching for Indians. Arencibia homered to left (371 feet). Allen pitching for Indians. DeRosa struck out swinging. Rasmus homered to right (411 feet). Bonifacio doubled to center. Reyes flied out to left. Cabrera safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Reynolds, Bonifacio scored. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Allen. Bautista walked. Encarnacion walked, Cabrera to third, Bautista to second. Lind flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 7th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Kipnis grounded out to second. Swisher singled to left. Brantley grounded out to pitcher, Swisher to second. Santana singled to right, Swisher to third. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Reynolds singled to right, Swisher scored, Santana to second. Chisenhall struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Albers pitching for Indians. Arencibia safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera. DeRosa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Arencibia out at second. Rasmus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 8th. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Stubbs popped out to second. Bourn grounded out to first. Cabrera doubled to deep right center. Kipnis doubled to left, Cabrera scored. Swisher walked. Brantley reached on infield single to second, Kipnis to third, Swisher to second. Santana grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Albers pitching for Indians. Bonifacio grounded out to second. Reyes walked. Cabrera walked, Reyes to second. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reyes scored, Cabrera out at second. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Davis in right field. Reynolds struck out swinging. Chisenhall grounded out to third. Stubbs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 8 - Blue Jays 10.	Arencibia, Encarnacion homers power Jays