Blue Jays - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Reyes grounded out to first. Cabrera grounded out to third. Bautista flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson singled to center. Hunter struck out looking. Cabrera singled to left, Jackson to third. Fielder grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jackson scored, Cabrera out at second. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Lind flied out to left. Arencibia singled to right center. Rasmus grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Tuiasosopo safe at first on error by second baseman Bonifacio. Peralta singled to left, Tuiasosopo to second. Avila grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Peralta out at second, Tuiasosopo to third. Infante singled to left, Tuiasosopo scored. Jackson flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Izturis singled to right. Bonifacio grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Izturis out at second. Reyes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Hunter popped out to second. Cabrera flied out to left. Fielder walked. Martinez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Bautista grounded out to pitcher. Encarnacion doubled to left. Lind flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Tuiasosopo flied out to left. Peralta struck out swinging. Avila grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Arencibia fouled out to catcher. Rasmus singled to deep right. Izturis grounded out to pitcher, Rasmus to second. Bonifacio doubled to left, Rasmus scored. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Infante singled to left. Jackson grounded out to catcher, Infante to second. Hunter singled to center, Infante scored. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Hunter to third. Fielder intentionally walked. Delabar pitching for Blue Jays. Martinez walked, Hunter scored, Cabrera to third, Fielder to second. Dirks hit for Tuiasosopo. Dirks walked, Cabrera scored, Fielder to third, Martinez to second. Peralta singled to right center, Fielder scored, Martinez to third, Dirks to second. Avila struck out swinging. Infante fouled out to catcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Dirks in left field. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Cabrera singled to center. Bautista singled to deep left, Cabrera to second. Encarnacion doubled to left, Cabrera scored, Bautista to third. Downs pitching for Tigers. DeRosa hit for Lind. DeRosa doubled to left, Bautista and Encarnacion scored. Arencibia flied out to center, DeRosa to third. Rasmus struck out swinging. Izturis walked. Bonifacio struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. DeRosa at first base. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson reached on infield single to second. Hunter flied out to center. Cabrera flied out to center. Fielder reached on infield single to second, Jackson to second. Martinez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Downs pitching for Tigers. Reyes lined out to third. Cabrera singled to center. Villarreal pitching for Tigers. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Villarreal. Bautista walked. Encarnacion walked, Cabrera to third, Bautista to second. DeRosa walked, Cabrera scored, Bautista to third, Encarnacion to second. Dotel pitching for Tigers. Arencibia doubled to deep center, Bautista, Encarnacion and DeRosa scored. Rasmus struck out looking. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Dirks grounded out to first. Peralta singled to left. Avila flied out to right. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Dotel pitching for Tigers. Bonifacio grounded out to pitcher. Reyes singled to right. Cabrera walked, Reyes to second. Bautista struck out swinging, Reyes stole third, Cabrera stole second. Encarnacion struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson grounded out to pitcher. Hunter flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Coke pitching for Tigers. DeRosa fouled out to shortstop. Arencibia struck out looking. Rasmus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Fielder struck out looking. Martinez struck out looking. Dirks lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 8 - Tigers 6.	Jays rally from 5 runs down to stun Tigers \n