Blue Jays - Top 1st. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Reyes struck out swinging. Bautista flied out to right. Encarnacion flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Victorino struck out swinging. Pedroia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Lind singled to center. Rasmus grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lind out at second. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rasmus out at second. Davis stole second. Arencibia grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Ortiz popped out to third. Napoli walked. Nava singled to left center, Napoli to second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Drew tripled to deep center, Napoli and Nava scored. Iglesias flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Bonifacio grounded out to first. Reyes singled to right center. Reyes to second on wild pitch by Webster. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury singled to right. Ellsbury to second on passed ball by Arencibia. Victorino struck out swinging. Pedroia lined out to left. Ortiz intentionally walked. Napoli singled to right, Ellsbury scored, Ortiz to second. Nava singled to right, Ortiz thrown out at home, Napoli to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Encarnacion walked. Lind struck out swinging. Rasmus safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Drew, Encarnacion to second. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rasmus out at second, Encarnacion to third. Arencibia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Drew doubled to deep center. Snyder ran for Drew. Iglesias singled to right, Snyder to third. Iglesias stole second. Ellsbury singled to center, Snyder and Iglesias scored. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Victorino struck out swinging, Ellsbury out on batter interference. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Snyder at third base. Iglesias at shortstop. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Izturis singled to left. Bonifacio walked, Izturis to second. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bonifacio out at second, Izturis to third. Bautista singled to right, Izturis scored, Reyes to third. Encarnacion singled to center, Reyes scored, Bautista to third. Lind hit sacrifice fly to center, Bautista scored. Rasmus flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop. Ortiz singled to right center, Pedroia to second. Napoli lined out to center. Nava grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ortiz out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Webster pitching for Red Sox. Davis singled to left. Davis stole second. Arencibia grounded out to first, Davis to third. Izturis hit sacrifice fly to left, Davis scored. Bonifacio grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Saltalamacchia flied out to right. Wagner pitching for Blue Jays. Snyder flied out to center. Iglesias reached on infield single to shortstop. Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Bailey pitching for Red Sox. Reyes struck out swinging. Bautista struck out swinging. Encarnacion homered to center (425 feet). Miller pitching for Red Sox. Lind struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Wagner pitching for Blue Jays. Victorino singled to left. Pedroia singled to left, Victorino to second. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Ortiz struck out looking. Victorino to third, Pedroia to second on wild pitch by Cecil. Napoli walked. Gomes hit for Nava. Gomes singled to left, Victorino scored, Pedroia to third, Napoli to second. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Saltalamacchia walked, Pedroia scored, Napoli to third, Gomes to second. Snyder struck out swinging. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Gomes in left field. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Rasmus popped out to first. Davis singled to right. Arencibia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Victorino popped out to shortstop. Pedroia tripled to deep center. Ortiz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Uehara pitching for Red Sox. Izturis struck out looking. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Red Sox 7.	Red Sox blow lead but hold off Jays