Tigers - Top 1st. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson singled to center. Dirks doubled to deep center, Jackson scored. Hunter grounded out to shortstop, Dirks to third. Fielder singled to center, Dirks scored. Fielder to second on wild pitch by Rogers. Martinez flied out to left. Peralta struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Reyes popped out to shortstop. Bautista flied out to center. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Avila grounded out to second. Santiago struck out looking. Kelly lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Lind struck out swinging. Rasmus flied out to left. Izturis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson singled to left. Dirks walked, Jackson to second. Hunter doubled to left, Jackson scored, Dirks to third. Fielder struck out swinging. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Dirks out at home, Hunter to third. Peralta doubled to right center, Hunter scored, Martinez to third. Avila lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Davis lined out to center. Arencibia fouled out to right. Kawasaki grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Santiago grounded out to second. Kelly singled to right. Jackson struck out swinging. Dirks safe at first on error by center fielder Rasmus, Kelly to third. Hunter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. Bautista lined out to right. Encarnacion singled to center. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Fielder walked. Martinez singled to left, Fielder to second. Peralta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Martinez out at second, Fielder to third. Avila grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Rasmus grounded out to third. Izturis reached on infield single to second. Davis walked, Izturis to second. Arencibia flied out to center, Izturis to third. Kawasaki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Santiago singled to right center. Kelly singled to left, Santiago to second. Jackson singled to left, Santiago scored, Kelly to second. Wagner pitching for Blue Jays. Dirks flied out to center, Kelly to third, Jackson to second. Hunter hit sacrifice fly to center, Kelly scored, Jackson to third. Fielder reached on infield single to shortstop, Jackson scored. Martinez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Reyes singled to right. Bautista struck out looking. Encarnacion walked, Reyes to second. Lind grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Encarnacion out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Wagner pitching for Blue Jays. Peralta struck out swinging. Avila struck out swinging. Santiago grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Rasmus grounded out to second. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Bonifacio at second base. Kawasaki at shortstop. Wagner pitching for Blue Jays. Kelly doubled to right. Jackson homered to center (445 feet), Kelly scored. Dirks walked. Hunter singled to left, Dirks to second. Oliver pitching for Blue Jays. Fielder struck out swinging. Martinez struck out swinging. Peralta flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Coke pitching for Tigers. Arencibia singled to right. Kawasaki grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Arencibia out at second. Bonifacio popped out to second. Bautista grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Avila grounded out to second. Santiago doubled to left. Kelly hit by pitch. Jackson walked, Santiago to third, Kelly to second. Dirks walked, Santiago scored, Kelly to third, Jackson to second. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Hunter hit sacrifice fly to right, Kelly scored. Fielder grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Pena at first base. Downs pitching for Tigers. Thole hit for Encarnacion. Thole singled to left center. Lind struck out swinging. Rasmus grounded out to first, Thole to second. Izturis singled to center, Thole scored. Davis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 11 - Blue Jays 1.	Verlander-led Tigers stop Jays