Blue Jays - Top 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Reyes popped out to second. Bautista struck out looking. Encarnacion grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Bourn singled to right. Cabrera singled to center, Bourn to second. Kipnis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second, Bourn to third. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Lind grounded out to first. Rasmus struck out looking. Izturis walked. Thole struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Brantley walked. Santana walked, Brantley to second. Giambi singled to center, Brantley scored, Santana to third. Chisenhall flied out to right. Stubbs struck out swinging. Bourn grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Giambi out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Bonifacio grounded out to first. Kawasaki walked. Reyes grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kawasaki out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera struck out swinging. Kipnis struck out looking. Swisher singled to center. Brantley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Bautista walked. Encarnacion grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bautista out at second. Lind grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Santana struck out swinging. Giambi grounded out to second. Chisenhall grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Rasmus doubled to deep left. Izturis grounded out to second, Rasmus to third. Thole grounded out to second. Bonifacio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Stubbs struck out looking. Bourn flied out to left. Cabrera walked. Kipnis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Kawasaki grounded out to second. Reyes singled to left, Reyes out stretching at second. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Swisher struck out swinging. Brantley lined out to right. Santana popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Lind doubled to deep right center. Rasmus grounded out to second, Lind to third. Izturis walked. Thole walked, Izturis to second. Bonifacio singled to right, Lind and Izturis scored, Thole to second, Thole to third, Bonifacio to second on error by right fielder Stubbs. Guilmet pitching for Indians. Kawasaki struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 7th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Giambi struck out swinging. Chisenhall walked. Stubbs grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Chisenhall out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Guilmet pitching for Indians. Reyes grounded out to first. Pestano pitching for Indians. Bautista flied out to center. Encarnacion flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Bourn singled to center. Bourn stole second. Cabrera struck out looking. Kipnis grounded out to second, Bourn to third. Swisher walked. Brantley singled to left center, Bourn scored, Swisher to second. Santana singled to left, Swisher to third, Brantley to second. Raburn hit for Giambi. Wagner pitching for Blue Jays. Raburn struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Hill pitching for Indians. Lind struck out looking. Rasmus walked. Izturis flied out to right. Arencibia hit for Thole. Smith pitching for Indians. Arencibia singled to left, Rasmus to second. Bonifacio walked, Rasmus to third, Arencibia to second. Kawasaki singled to left center, Rasmus and Arencibia scored, Bonifacio to second, Bonifacio scored, Kawasaki to second on error by center fielder Bourn. Reyes hit by pitch. Shaw pitching for Indians. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 9th. Arencibia catching. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Chisenhall grounded out to first. Stubbs grounded out to second. Bourn singled to right. Bourn to second on fielder's indifference. Cabrera singled to center, Bourn scored. Cabrera to second on fielder's indifference. Kipnis walked, Cabrera to third. Swisher safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Kawasaki, Cabrera scored, Kipnis to third. Delabar pitching for Blue Jays. Aviles ran for Swisher. Brantley flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Indians 4.	Kawasaki's clutch hit in 9th sparks Blue Jays