Astros - Top 1st. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Villar doubled to center. Altuve sacrificed to pitcher, Villar to third. Castro struck out swinging. Carter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Lyles pitching for Astros. Reyes doubled to right. Cabrera grounded out to catcher, Reyes to third. Bautista popped out to second. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Wallace walked. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wallace out at second. Krauss homered to right (387 feet), Martinez scored. Dominguez struck out swinging. Barnes grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Lind grounded out to pitcher. Rasmus singled to right. Izturis walked, Rasmus to second. Lawrie fouled out to first. Thole flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Villar struck out bunting foul. Altuve struck out looking. Castro walked. Carter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Reyes homered to right center (414 feet). Cabrera doubled to deep center. Cabrera to third on balk by Lyles. Bautista hit sacrifice fly to left, Cabrera scored. Encarnacion walked. Lind grounded into fielder's choice to third, Encarnacion out at second. Rasmus struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Wallace singled to left center. Martinez doubled to right center, Wallace to third. Krauss doubled to right, Wallace and Martinez scored. Dominguez fouled out to catcher. Barnes fouled out to first. Villar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Izturis grounded out to first. Lawrie homered to left (361 feet). Thole walked. Reyes singled to left, Thole to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reyes out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Altuve grounded out to second. Castro struck out swinging. Carter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Bautista grounded out to second. Encarnacion doubled to center. Lind lined out to center. Rasmus doubled to right, Encarnacion scored. Izturis popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Wallace doubled to deep center. Martinez singled to shallow center, Wallace to third. Krauss grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wallace scored, Martinez out at second. Dominguez hit by pitch. Barnes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dominguez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Lawrie doubled to left. Blackley pitching for Astros. Thole bunt popped out foul to third. Reyes walked. Cabrera flied out to center, Lawrie to third. Clemens pitching for Astros. Reyes stole second. Bautista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Villar grounded out to pitcher. Altuve walked. Altuve stole second. Castro singled to left center, Altuve scored. Carter walked, Castro to second. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Wallace grounded into fielder's choice to first, Carter out at second, Castro to third. Maxwell hit for Martinez. Maxwell grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wallace out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Maxwell in right field. Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros. Encarnacion homered to left (367 feet). Lind homered to right center (398 feet). Rasmus doubled to deep right, Rasmus to third on error by right fielder Maxwell. Izturis doubled to right, Rasmus scored. Lawrie walked. Thole hit by pitch, Izturis to third, Lawrie to second. Wright pitching for Astros. Reyes walked, Izturis scored, Lawrie to third, Thole to second. Cabrera fouled out to first. Ambriz pitching for Astros. Bautista popped out to second. Encarnacion homered to left (363 feet), Lawrie, Thole and Reyes scored. Lind struck out swinging. 8 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 8th. Davis in left field. Delabar pitching for Blue Jays. Krauss struck out swinging. Dominguez grounded out to shortstop. Barnes reached on infield single to shortstop. Villar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Cisnero pitching for Astros. Rasmus singled to center. Izturis lined out to second. Lawrie grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rasmus out at second. Thole grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Altuve singled to center. Corporan hit for Castro. Corporan struck out looking. Carter singled to shallow right, Altuve to second. Wallace grounded out to first, Altuve to third, Carter to second. Maxwell grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 6 - Blue Jays 12.	Encarnacion hits 2 HRs in 8-run 7th inning