Blue Jays - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Reyes homered to right center (420 feet). Izturis walked. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Izturis out at second, Bautista to second, Izturis to second on error by third baseman Seager. Encarnacion struck out looking. Lind struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Miller grounded out to first. Franklin walked. Seager singled to right, Franklin to third. Morales grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Seager out at second. Ibanez batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Rasmus walked. Lawrie grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rasmus out at second. Thole grounded out to second, Lawrie to second. Bonifacio grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Ibanez struck out swinging. Morse singled to right. Smoak struck out swinging. Saunders grounded into fielder's choice to second, Morse out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Reyes flied out to center. Izturis flied out to right. Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bautista out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Blanco grounded out to third. Miller struck out swinging. Franklin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Lind safe at first on error by third baseman Seager. Rasmus reached on infield single to first, Lind hit by batted ball out at second. Lawrie grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rasmus safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Miller. Lawrie stole second. Thole struck out looking. Bonifacio doubled to center, Rasmus and Lawrie scored. Reyes singled to center, Bonifacio scored. Reyes caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Izturis batting. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Seager lined out to right. Morales reached on infield single to shortstop. Ibanez singled to center, Morales to second. Morse grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Izturis lined out to left. Bautista walked. Encarnacion flied out to left. Lind singled to right, Bautista to second. Rasmus singled to left center, Bautista scored, Lind to second. Lawrie singled to left, Lind scored, Rasmus to second. Thole grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Smoak flied out to left. Saunders walked. Blanco popped out to shortstop. Miller singled to center, Saunders to second. Franklin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Capps pitching for Mariners. Bonifacio grounded out to first. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. Izturis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Seager grounded out to first. Morales flied out to center. Ibanez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Capps pitching for Mariners. Bautista singled to left. Encarnacion doubled to left, Bautista to third, Bautista scored on throwing error by left fielder Ibanez. Lind walked. Rasmus struck out swinging. Lawrie struck out swinging. Thole flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Blue Jays. Morse grounded out to first. Smoak reached on infield single to second. Saunders struck out looking. Blanco walked, Smoak to second. Miller tripled to deep center, Smoak and Blanco scored. Franklin flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Luetge pitching for Mariners. Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop. Reyes lined out to right. Izturis popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Seager grounded out to shortstop. Morales doubled to right center. Ibanez struck out swinging. Santos pitching for Blue Jays. Morse grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Luetge pitching for Mariners. Bautista hit by pitch. Encarnacion grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bautista out at second. Lind grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Santos pitching for Blue Jays. Smoak struck out swinging. Saunders flied out to left. Blanco fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 7 - Mariners 2.	Blue Jays handle Felix to defeat Mariners