Mariners - Top 1st . Gee pitching for Royals . Marte singled to left . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Marte out at second . Canó grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Smith safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Gee . Cruz hit by pitch , Canó to second . Seager singled to right , Smith and Canó scored , Cruz to second . Lind grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Seager out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 1st . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Merrifield grounded out to third . Pérez grounded out to third . Morales flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Gee pitching for Royals . Iannetta grounded out to shortstop . Martín struck out looking . O'Malley walked . Marte flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Eibner singled to left center . Cuthbert lined out to right . Orlando grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eibner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Gee pitching for Royals . Smith singled to right . Canó flied out to left . Cruz struck out swinging . Seager lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Gordon doubled to deep center . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Butera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gordon out at third . Merrifield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Gee pitching for Royals . Lind grounded out to first . Iannetta struck out swinging . Martín singled to right . O'Malley singled to right center , Martín to third . Flynn pitching for Royals . Marte reached on bunt single to pitcher , Martín scored , O'Malley to second . Smith struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Pérez singled to left . Morales struck out swinging . Eibner grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pérez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Canó singled to left center . Cruz struck out swinging . Seager grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first to shortstop , Canó out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Cuthbert grounded out to third . Orlando struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Lind lined out to right . Iannetta walked . Martín popped out to shortstop . O'Malley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Escobar grounded out to third . Butera grounded out to third . Merrifield doubled to deep right . Pérez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Pounders pitching for Royals . Marte walked . Smith struck out swinging . Canó homered to right ( 436 feet ) , Marte scored . Cruz reached on infield single to second . Seager singled to right center , Cruz to third . Lind homered to right ( 435 feet ) , Cruz and Seager scored . Iannetta struck out swinging . Martín reached on infield single to third . O'Malley struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Montgomery pitching for Mariners . Morales flied out to right . Eibner homered to left center ( 412 feet ) . Diaz pitching for Mariners . Cuthbert doubled to left . Orlando struck out swinging . Gordon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Colón at shortstop . Wang pitching for Royals . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Smith singled to center . Canó grounded out to first , Smith to second . Robertson hit for Cruz . Robertson singled to right , Smith to third . Seager flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Robertson in right field . Rollins pitching for Mariners . Colón grounded out to shortstop . Butera singled to right . Merrifield walked , Butera to second . Pérez singled to right , Butera to third , Merrifield to second . Morales walked , Butera scored , Merrifield to third , Pérez to second . Benoit pitching for Mariners . Eibner singled to center , Merrifield scored , Pérez to third , Morales to second . Cuthbert hit sacrifice fly to center , Pérez scored . Orlando flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Young pitching for Royals . Lind lined out to left . Iannetta struck out swinging . Martín struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Cishek pitching for Mariners . Gordon homered to right ( 412 feet ) . Colón walked . Butera struck out swinging . Merrifield flied out to center . Pérez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Royals 5 .	Cano , Lind homer to help Mariners hold off Royals , 8 - 5