Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Stratton pitching for Giants . Peralta doubled to left . Pollock walked . Lamb hit by pitch , Peralta to third , Pollock to second . Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to center , Peralta scored , Pollock to third . Martinez doubled to deep left , Pollock scored , Lamb thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Span struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Stratton pitching for Giants . Marte doubled to right . Mathis struck out looking . Walker struck out looking . Peralta flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Sandoval grounded out to second . Parker struck out swinging . Pence grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Stratton pitching for Giants . Pollock lined out to left . Lamb flied out to right . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik singled to deep center . Hundley doubled to deep center , Panik to third . Stratton grounded out to first . Span flied out to left . Jones fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Stratton pitching for Giants . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Descalso popped out to third . Marte walked . Mathis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford grounded out to second . Sandoval grounded out to second . Parker popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Stratton pitching for Giants . Walker singled to right center . Peralta singled to right center , Walker to third , Peralta out stretching at second . Pollock safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval , Walker scored . Lamb walked . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Martinez walked , Pollock to third , Lamb to second . Descalso flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 5th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Pence struck out swinging . Panik lined out to right . Hundley singled to right . Moncrief hit for Stratton . Moncrief grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Crick pitching for Giants . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Mathis singled to right . Walker safe at first on error by shortstop Crawford , Mathis to second . Peralta singled to center , Mathis scored , Walker to second . Walker to third , Peralta to second on passed ball by Hundley . Pollock struck out swinging . Lamb popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 6th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Span lined out to right . Jones flied out to left . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Crick pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Martinez tripled to deep right . Descalso popped out to second . Marte flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Sandoval doubled to deep left center . Parker doubled to deep right , Sandoval scored . Pence homered to left ( 376 feet ) , Parker scored . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik walked . Hundley flied out to right . G칩mez hit for Crick . G칩mez popped out to second . Rosales at second base . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Span grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Mathis popped out to second . Rosales flied out to center . Peralta grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Tomlinson hit for Jones . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Tomlinson singled to right . Crawford singled to center , Tomlinson to third . Posey hit for Sandoval . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Tomlinson scored , Crawford out at second . Parker struck out swinging , Parker safe at first on wild pitch by Hernandez . Parker caught stealing second , catcher to second . Pence batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Tomlinson at third base . Posey at first base . Dyson pitching for Giants . Pollock grounded out to third . Lamb grounded out to first . Goldschmidt singled to center . Martinez singled to right , Goldschmidt to second . Herrmann hit for Hernandez . Herrmann walked , Goldschmidt to third , Martinez to second . Marte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Pence grounded out to pitcher . Panik grounded out to first . Hundley singled to center . Hern치ndez hit for Dyson . Hern치ndez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Strickland pitching for Giants . Mathis walked . Blanco ran for Mathis . Rosales sacrificed to pitcher , Blanco to second . Peralta lined out to right , Blanco to third . Pollock flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 10th . Iannetta catching . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Span doubled to deep right . Tomlinson intentionally walked . Crawford grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tomlinson out at second , Span to third . Posey intentionally walked . Posey to second on fielder 's indifference . Parker reached on infield single to second , Span scored , Posey to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Giants 5 .	Giants rally from 4 down to beat Diamondbacks 5 - 4 in 10