Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Peralta walked . Blanco grounded out to first , Peralta to second . Lamb grounded out to first , Peralta to third . Goldschmidt doubled to deep left , Peralta scored . Martinez popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández struck out swinging . Tomlinson popped out to second . Posey grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Descalso flied out to left . Marte bunt grounded out to pitcher . Herrmann grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Pence flied out to left . Hundley flied out to center . Gómez singled to center . Parker homered to center ( 422 feet ) , Gómez scored . Jones struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Corbin grounded out to shortstop . Peralta grounded out to second . Blanco lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Samardzija doubled to deep center . Hernández safe at first on error by shortstop Marte . Tomlinson sacrificed to catcher , Samardzija to third , Hernández to second . Posey intentionally walked . Pence singled to left , Samardzija and Hernández scored , Posey to second . Hundley struck out swinging . Posey stole third . Gómez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pence out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Lamb singled to center . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Martinez singled to right , Lamb to second . Descalso singled to right , Lamb scored , Martinez to third . Marte flied out to left , Martinez out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Parker struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . Samardzija grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Herrmann struck out swinging . Corbin struck out swinging . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández doubled to right , Hernández safe going back to second on missed tag error by second baseman Descalso . Tomlinson struck out swinging . Posey intentionally walked . Hernández stole third , Posey stole second . Pence struck out swinging . Hundley singled to center , Hernández and Posey scored . Gómez singled to right , Hundley to second . Parker struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Blanco bunt grounded out to third . Lamb walked . Goldschmidt grounded out to third , Lamb to second . Martinez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones struck out looking . Samardzija lined out to right . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Descalso flied out to center . Marte singled to center . Herrmann walked , Marte to second . Drury hit for Corbin . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Drury hit by pitch , Marte to third , Herrmann to second . Osich pitching for Giants . Peralta grounded out to first , Marte scored , Herrmann to third , Drury to second . Pollock hit for Blanco . Suárez pitching for Giants . Pollock grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Pollock in center field . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Tomlinson popped out to second . Posey walked . Pence singled to right , Posey to second . Hundley lined out to left . Gómez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Suarez pitching for Giants . Lamb grounded out to first . Goldschmidt flied out to right . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Parker grounded out to second . Jones grounded out to first . Suárez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Suarez pitching for Giants . Descalso grounded out to first . Marte singled to center . Herrmann struck out looking . Iannetta hit for De La Rosa . Iannetta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Giants 6 .	Samardzija , Giants beat Diamondbacks 6 - 3 to take series