Pirates - Top 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. McLouth singled to left. McLouth to second on passed ball by Munson. Wilson walked. Bay flied out to right, McLouth to third. Wilson caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Biggio grounded out to third. Taveras struck out looking. Berkman walked. Ensberg homered to left, Berkman scored. Wilson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Randa lined out to third. Burnitz grounded out to catcher. Castillo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Lane flied out to center. Munson flied out to center. Everett safe at first on error by shortstop Wilson. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Everett out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Paulino singled to right. Duke sacrificed to third, Paulino to second. McLouth flied out to center, Paulino to third. Wilson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Biggio doubled to left. Taveras singled to right, Biggio to third. Berkman lined into double play, to first, Taveras doubled off first. Ensberg flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Bay struck out looking. Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop. Randa grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wilson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Wilson struck out looking. Lane struck out looking. Munson walked. Everett walked, Munson to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Everett out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Burnitz flied out to left. Castillo flied out to center. Paulino walked. Duke struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Biggio singled to left. Taveras grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Biggio out at second. Berkman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. McLouth singled to right. Wilson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McLouth out at second. Bay homered to left. Wilson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Ensberg grounded out to shortstop. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Lane homered to left. Munson hit by pitch. Burke hit for Rodriguez. Everett walked, Munson to second. Qualls pitching for Astros. Burke struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Qualls pitching for Astros. Randa singled to right center. Burnitz grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Randa out at second. Capps pitching for Pirates. Castillo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Biggio singled to left. Taveras struck out looking. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Berkman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Biggio out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Sanchez hit for Capps. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Paulino singled to right center. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Paulino out at second. Marte pitching for Pirates. McLouth grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Marte pitching for Pirates. Ensberg walked. Wilson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ensberg out at second. Ausmus catching. Lidge pitching for Astros. Lane struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Lidge pitching for Astros. Wilson singled to right. Bay walked, Wilson to second. Wilson singled to left, Wilson scored, Bay to second. Randa struck out swinging. Duffy ran for Wilson. Burnitz grounded out to pitcher, Bay to third, Wilson to second. Castillo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 2 - Astros 3.	Ensberg homers in Astros' record sixth straight game