Pirates - Top 1st. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Duffy grounded out to first. Wilson flied out to center. Bay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Santos pitching for Pirates. Eckstein struck out swinging. Luna singled to center. Luna stole second, Luna safe at third on throwing error by catcher Paulino. Pujols intentionally walked. Edmonds singled to center, Luna scored, Pujols to third. Encarnacion hit ground rule double to right, Pujols scored, Edmonds to third. Spiezio struck out swinging. Bennett grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 2nd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Wilson popped out to third. Burnitz hit by pitch. Randa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Burnitz out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Santos pitching for Pirates. Taguchi grounded out to shortstop. Suppan grounded out to shortstop. Eckstein reached on infield single to third. Eckstein picked off first. Luna batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. Paulino singled to center. Santos sacrificed to catcher, Paulino to second, Santos safe at first on error by catcher Bennett. Duffy hit by pitch, Paulino to third, Santos to second. Wilson singled to center, Paulino scored, Santos to third, Duffy to second. Bay struck out looking. Wilson singled to center, Santos and Duffy scored, Wilson to third. Burnitz popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Santos pitching for Pirates. Luna singled to center. Pujols popped out to third. Luna caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Edmonds walked. Encarnacion homered to left, Edmonds scored. Spiezio lined out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Randa popped out to first. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Paulino lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Santos pitching for Pirates. Bennett walked. Taguchi grounded out to second, Bennett to second. Suppan grounded out to pitcher. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Santos grounded out to third. Duffy struck out swinging. Wilson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Santos pitching for Pirates. Luna struck out swinging. Pujols singled to left. Edmonds flied out to left. Encarnacion tripled to deep right, Pujols scored. Spiezio flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Bay fouled out to right. Wilson struck out looking. Torres pitching for Pirates. Burnitz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Bennett grounded out to first. Taguchi grounded out to third. Suppan struck out swinging, Suppan safe at first on passed ball by Paulino. Eckstein singled to right, Suppan to second. Luna singled to center, Suppan to third, Eckstein to second. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Randa grounded out to shortstop. Castillo flied out to center. McLouth hit for Torres. Paulino singled to right. Hernandez pitching for Pirates. McLouth lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Pirates. Edmonds singled to right. Encarnacion grounded into double play, third to second to first, Edmonds out at second. Spiezio homered to right. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Bennett grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Duffy struck out looking. Wilson flied out to center. Bay grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez hit for Looper. Hernandez pitching for Pirates. Taguchi grounded out to third. Rodriguez lined out to center. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Eckstein flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Burnitz popped out to pitcher. Sanchez hit for Castillo. Randa walked. Sanchez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 3 - Cardinals 6.	Encarnacion just misses cycle in Cardinals' victory