Pirates - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Indians. McLouth homered to right center. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez singled to right. Bay grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sanchez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Snell pitching for Pirates. Sizemore walked. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sizemore out at second. Peralta struck out looking. Hafner walked, Blake to second. Martinez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Indians. Burnitz doubled to right. Doumit singled to left, Burnitz to third. Wilson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Burnitz scored, Doumit out at second. Paulino grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Broussard doubled to deep left center. Belliard singled to center, Broussard scored. Hollandsworth walked, Belliard to second. Merloni sacrificed to pitcher, Belliard to third, Hollandsworth to second. Sizemore grounded out to first, Belliard scored, Hollandsworth to third. Blake struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Indians. Castillo lined out to second. McLouth grounded out to second. Wilson singled to right center. Sanchez walked, Wilson to second. Bay homered to left, Wilson and Sanchez scored. Burnitz singled to right. Doumit grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Peralta struck out swinging. Hafner grounded out to second. Martinez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Indians. Wilson flied out to right. Paulino doubled to right. Castillo homered to left, Paulino scored. McLouth walked. McLouth stole second. McLouth stole third. Wilson hit sacrifice fly to center, McLouth scored. Carmona pitching for Indians. Sanchez singled to right. Bay singled to left, Sanchez to second. Burnitz reached first base on catcher's interference, Sanchez to third, Bay to second. Burnitz batting. Doumit grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 4th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Broussard walked. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to third, Broussard safe at second on error by second baseman Castillo. Hollandsworth grounded into fielder's choice to second, Belliard out at second, Broussard to third. Merloni grounded out to shortstop, Broussard scored, Hollandsworth to second. Sizemore homered to right, Hollandsworth scored. Blake singled to right. Blake stole second. Peralta flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Wilson singled to center. Paulino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilson out at second. Castillo grounded out to first, Paulino to second. McLouth grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Hafner flied out to center. Martinez walked. Broussard struck out swinging. Martinez to second on wild pitch by Snell. Belliard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Wilson popped out to third. Sanchez grounded out to second. Marte pitching for Pirates. Michaels hit for Hollandsworth. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Marte pitching for Pirates. Michaels singled to left. Merloni grounded into double play, third to second to first, Michaels out at second. Michaels in left field. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Burnitz grounded out to first. Doumit struck out swinging. Torres pitching for Pirates. Wilson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Blake doubled to deep left. Peralta flied out to center, Blake to third. Hafner lined out to second. Martinez singled to left, Blake scored. Broussard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Paulino flied out to center. Sauerbeck pitching for Indians. Castillo singled to left. Hernandez pitching for Pirates. McLouth grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castillo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Pirates. Belliard grounded out to second. Michaels grounded out to third. Mota pitching for Indians. Merloni flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Mota pitching for Indians. Wilson flied out to left. Sanchez popped out to shortstop. Bay homered to right. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Burnitz grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Sizemore struck out swinging. Blake struck out swinging. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 9 - Indians 6.	Bay homers twice as Pirates hold off Indians