Pirates - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. McLouth flied out to center. Wilson grounded out to second. Sanchez popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Pirates. Counsell singled to right. Byrnes flied out to center. Gonzalez doubled to left, Counsell to third. Jackson hit by pitch. Green popped out to second. Easley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Bay homered to left. Burnitz popped out to shortstop. Wilson struck out looking. Paulino walked. Castillo doubled to deep right center, Paulino to third. Perez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Pirates. Estrada grounded out to third. Hudson walked. Hernandez sacrificed to catcher, Hudson to second. Counsell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. McLouth doubled to deep right. Wilson struck out swinging. Sanchez popped into double play, second to shortstop, McLouth doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Pirates. Byrnes flied out to left. Gonzalez fouled out to third. Jackson walked. Green grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Bay struck out swinging. Burnitz singled to center. Wilson struck out swinging. Paulino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Burnitz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Pirates. Easley flied out to right. Estrada popped out to shortstop. Hudson singled to left. Hernandez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Castillo struck out swinging. Perez struck out swinging. McLouth flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Pirates. Counsell struck out swinging. Byrnes doubled to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Jackson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson reached on infield single to third. Sanchez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wilson out at second. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Pirates. Green grounded out to second. Easley walked. Easley to second on balk by Perez. Estrada flied out to center, Easley to third. Hudson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Burnitz walked. Wilson struck out swinging. Burnitz caught stealing second, catcher to second. Paulino walked. Doumit hit for Perez. Castillo singled to center, Paulino to second. Marte pitching for Pirates. Green hit for Hernandez. Doumit popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Marte pitching for Pirates. Green walked. Counsell sacrificed to third, Green to second. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop, Green to third. Gonzalez reached on bunt single to third, Green scored. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Jackson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. McLouth grounded out to second. Wilson flied out to left. Sanchez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Marte pitching for Pirates. Green walked. Easley singled to center, Green to second. Estrada sacrificed to pitcher, Green to third, Easley to second. Clark hit for Medders. Hudson hit sacrifice fly to right, Green scored, Hudson safe at first on error by right fielder Burnitz. Easley to third, Hudson to first on error by right fielder Burnitz. Clark struck out looking. Torres pitching for Pirates. Counsell reached on infield single to pitcher, Easley scored, Hudson to third, Hudson scored, Counsell to third on throwing error by pitcher Marte. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark at first base. Byrnes grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Bay singled to center. Burnitz singled to center, Bay to second. Wilson walked, Bay to third, Burnitz to second. Paulino fouled out to first. Hernandez hit for Torres. Castillo singled to center, Bay and Burnitz scored, Wilson to second. Hernandez struck out swinging. McLouth flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 3 - Diamondbacks 4.	Pitchers duel gets crazy late as D-Backs hold off Bucs