Pirates - Top 1st. Wood pitching for Royals. Bautista singled to left. Wilson singled to left, Bautista to second. Casey grounded out to second, Bautista scored, Wilson to third. Bay grounded out to third. Burnitz grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 1st. Snell pitching for Pirates. DeJesus flied out to left. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. Mientkiewicz doubled to left center. Brown grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Wood pitching for Royals. Sanchez doubled to left. Randa safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Teahen, Sanchez to third. Castillo singled to left, Sanchez scored, Randa to third. Paulino grounded out to second, Randa scored, Castillo to second. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castillo out at third. Wilson walked, Bautista to second. Casey hit by pitch, Bautista to third, Wilson to second. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to third, Casey out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Stairs struck out swinging. Teahen singled to right center. Berroa grounded into double play, third to second to first, Teahen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Wood pitching for Royals. Burnitz grounded out to second. Sanchez grounded out to second. Randa walked. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Randa out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Bako flied out to left. Gathright grounded out to first. DeJesus popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Wood pitching for Royals. Paulino grounded out to second. Bautista grounded out to third. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Grudzielanek reached on infield single to shortstop. Mientkiewicz flied out to left. Brown flied out to right. Stairs grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Wood pitching for Royals. Casey hit by pitch. Bay grounded into double play, third to second to first, Casey out at second. Burnitz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Teahen walked. Berroa grounded out to second, Teahen to second. Bako struck out swinging. Teahen picked off second. Gathright batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Wood pitching for Royals. Sanchez struck out looking. Randa flied out to center. Castillo doubled to deep left center. Paulino singled to left, Castillo scored. Bautista doubled to left, Paulino to third. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Wilson struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Gathright singled to center. DeJesus grounded out to second, Gathright to second. Grudzielanek singled to center, Gathright scored. Mientkiewicz walked, Grudzielanek to second. Brown doubled to deep right, Grudzielanek scored, Mientkiewicz to third. Capps pitching for Pirates. Stairs singled to left, Mientkiewicz scored, Brown to third. Teahen struck out swinging. Berroa singled to right, Brown scored, Stairs to third. Bako grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Casey grounded out to first. Wilson hit for Burnitz. Dessens pitching for Royals. Bay walked. Wilson flied out to right. Wilson in right field. Marte pitching for Pirates. Sanchez lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Marte pitching for Pirates. Gathright reached on bunt single to third. DeJesus sacrificed to pitcher, Gathright to second. Grudzielanek struck out looking. Mientkiewicz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Dessens pitching for Royals. Randa grounded out to pitcher. Castillo flied out to right. Torres pitching for Pirates. Paulino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Brown singled to left. Stairs grounded out to second, Brown to second. Teahen homered to right center, Brown scored. Berroa struck out swinging. Burgos pitching for Royals. Bako grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Burgos pitching for Royals. Bautista walked. Wilson singled to left, Bautista to second. Casey struck out swinging. Bay grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Wilson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Royals 6.	Teahen's two-run homer vaults Royals past Pirates