Nationals - Top 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Soriano doubled to deep right. Lopez grounded out to catcher, Soriano to third. Vidro grounded out to pitcher. Kearns grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. McLouth popped out to third. Wilson lined out to left. Sanchez doubled to deep right. Bay singled to left, Sanchez scored. Casey doubled to deep right, Bay scored. Castillo flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Johnson doubled to deep right. Zimmerman singled to left, Johnson to third. Guillen reached on infield single to pitcher, Johnson scored, Zimmerman to second. Schneider grounded into fielder's choice to first, Guillen out at second, Zimmerman to third. Ortiz grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Schneider out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Bautista singled to center. Paulino safe at first on error by shortstop Lopez, Bautista to second. Duke bunt popped out foul to catcher. McLouth walked, Bautista to third, Paulino to second. Wilson hit sacrifice fly to left, Bautista scored. Sanchez popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Soriano fouled out to right. Lopez flied out to center. Vidro homered to left. Kearns walked. Johnson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Bay popped out to second. Casey grounded out to shortstop. Castillo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Guillen walked. Guillen stole second. Schneider grounded out to first, Guillen to third. Ortiz walked. Soriano walked, Ortiz to second. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Bautista homered to left. Paulino grounded out to first. Duke grounded out to catcher. McLouth grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Vidro grounded out to third. Kearns hit by pitch. Johnson lined into double play, to first, Kearns doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Ortiz pitching for Nationals. Wilson doubled to left center. Sanchez popped out to second. Bay doubled to deep center, Wilson scored. Casey intentionally walked. Castillo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Casey out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Zimmerman singled to center. Guillen flied out to right. LeCroy hit for Ortiz. Schneider struck out swinging. Torres pitching for Pirates. LeCroy singled to center, Zimmerman to second. Soriano walked, Zimmerman to third, LeCroy to second. Zimmerman scored, LeCroy to third, Soriano to second on wild pitch by Torres. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Lopez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Bautista singled to right. Paulino grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bautista out at second. Torres singled to center. McLouth popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Vidro grounded out to second. Kearns grounded out to third. Johnson singled to right. Zimmerman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Wilson singled to left. Sanchez flied out to right. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Bay singled to left, Wilson to second. Casey struck out looking. Hernandez pitching for Pirates. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bay out at second, Wilson to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Pirates. Guillen struck out swinging. Anderson hit for Stanton. Schneider struck out swinging. Anderson singled to center. Soriano tripled to deep center, Anderson scored. Lopez walked. Sanchez at second base. Capps pitching for Pirates. Randa at third base. Vidro walked, Lopez to second. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Kearns grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Bautista lined out to second. Paulino doubled to deep left. Randa struck out swinging. McLouth doubled to deep right, Paulino scored. Wilson reached on infield single to third, McLouth scored on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman. Wilson to second on fielder's indifference. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Sanchez singled to center, Wilson thrown out at home, Wilson to third advancing on play. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Johnson walked. Zimmerman flied out to center. Guillen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 4 - Pirates 7.	Nats strand 12, fall to Pirates for fourth straight loss