Nationals - Top 1st . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Turner popped out to second . Difo reached on infield single to pitcher . Difo to second on wild pitch by Samardzija . Harper flied out to center , Difo to third . Adams singled to center , Difo scored . Taylor walked , Adams to second . Stevenson doubled to deep left , Adams and Taylor scored . Sánchez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Blanco grounded out to first . Panik lined out to center . McCutchen walked . Belt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Severino popped out to shortstop . Scherzer lined out to left . Turner singled to center . Difo walked , Turner to second . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Sandoval struck out swinging . Crawford hit ground rule double to deep left . Hundley doubled to left , Crawford scored . Jackson lined out to center , Hundley to third . Samardzija struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Adams struck out looking . Taylor singled to left . Stevenson singled to center , Taylor to third . Sánchez bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Taylor out at home , Stevenson to second . Severino flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Blanco flied out to center . Panik flied out to left . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Scherzer grounded out to third . Turner reached on infield single to third . Turner stole second . Difo grounded out to third , Turner to third . Harper intentionally walked . Harper stole second . Adams homered to right ( 365 feet ) , Turner and Harper scored . Johnson pitching for Giants . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Belt grounded out to second . Sandoval singled to left . Crawford struck out swinging . Hundley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Giants . Stevenson singled to center . Sánchez singled to center , Stevenson to second . Severino flied out to left , Stevenson to third , Sánchez to second . Scherzer grounded out to shortstop . Turner singled to right , Stevenson and Sánchez scored . Difo lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Jackson struck out looking . Tomlinson hit for Johnson . Tomlinson walked . Blanco fouled out to third . Panik grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Tomlinson at second base . Osich pitching for Giants . Harper singled to right . Adams struck out swinging . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Harper out at second . Taylor to second on wild pitch by Osich . Stevenson doubled to center , Taylor scored . Sánchez singled to left , Stevenson scored . Severino popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . McCutchen struck out swinging . Belt tripled to deep right center . Sandoval doubled to right , Belt scored . Crawford struck out swinging . Sandoval to third on wild pitch by Scherzer . Hundley struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Hernández in right field . Osich pitching for Giants . Scherzer grounded out to shortstop . Turner doubled to left . Turner to third on wild pitch by Osich . Difo lined out to first . Harper walked . Adams hit by pitch , Harper to second . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Turner scored , Harper to third , Adams to second on passed ball by Hundley . Taylor walked . Stevenson walked , Harper scored , Adams to third , Taylor to second . Sierra ran for Taylor . Sánchez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Sierra in right field . Bautista in center field . Gott pitching for Nationals . Jackson singled to left center . Tomlinson grounded out to second , Jackson to second . Blanco grounded out to pitcher . Longoria hit for Gearrin . Jackson to third on wild pitch by Gott . Longoria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Gómez pitching for Giants . Severino safe at first on error by first baseman Belt . Bautista popped out to second . Turner singled to right , Severino to third . Difo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Severino scored , Turner out at second . Kendrick hit for Gott . Kendrick reached on infield single to third , Difo to second , Difo to third , Kendrick to second on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval . Adams doubled to deep right center , Difo and Kendrick scored . Sierra struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Adams pitching for Nationals . Hernández grounded out to second . Belt singled to center . Sandoval walked , Belt to second . Crawford flied out to left . Hundley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Gomez pitching for Giants . Stevenson flied out to left . Sánchez popped out to second . Severino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Torres pitching for Nationals . Jackson lined out to center . Tomlinson hit by pitch . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tomlinson out at second . Blach hit for Gómez . Blanco to second on passed ball by Severino . Blach grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 15 - Giants 2 .	Turner , Adams power Nats over Giants 15 - 2 , end 4 - game skid