Padres - Top 1st . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Jankowski lined out to left . Hosmer singled to deep center . Villanueva singled to right , Hosmer to third . Cordero walked , Villanueva to second . Pirela popped out to second . Galvis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Lauer pitching for Padres . Hernández singled to left center . McCutchen tripled to deep center , Hernández scored . Posey doubled to right , McCutchen scored . Longoria struck out swinging . Belt flied out to center . Jackson singled to right center , Posey scored . Jackson stole second . Tomlinson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Margot lined out to center . Hedges struck out swinging . Lauer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Ellis catching . Lauer pitching for Padres . Hanson grounded out to shortstop . Samardzija struck out looking . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Jankowski lined out to center . Hosmer walked . Villanueva grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hosmer out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Lauer pitching for Padres . McCutchen singled to left center . McCutchen picked off first . Posey walked . Longoria flied out to left . Belt safe at first on error by first baseman Hosmer , Posey to second . Jackson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 4th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Cordero hit ground rule double to deep left center . Pirela struck out swinging . Galvis struck out swinging . Margot singled to left center , Cordero scored . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Margot out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Lauer pitching for Padres . Tomlinson struck out swinging . Hanson singled to right . Samardzija struck out swinging . Hanson stole second . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Lauer struck out swinging . Jankowski walked . Hosmer doubled to right , Jankowski to third . Villanueva grounded out to third , Jankowski scored , Hosmer to third . Cordero grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Lauer pitching for Padres . McCutchen walked . Posey flied out to center . Longoria singled to left , McCutchen to second . Belt flied out to center . Jackson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Blanco in center field . Moronta pitching for Giants . Pirela walked . Galvis reached on infield single to second , Pirela to second . Margot safe at second on error by third baseman Longoria , Pirela scored , Galvis to third . Ellis hit sacrifice fly to right , Galvis scored , Margot to third . Headley hit for Lauer . Headley singled to right , Margot scored . Jankowski grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Headley out at second . Hosmer flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 6th . Cimber pitching for Padres . Tomlinson grounded out to catcher . Hanson walked . Blanco flied out to left . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hanson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Moronta pitching for Giants . Villanueva fouled out to first . Cordero singled to center . Cordero stole second . Pirela grounded out to catcher , Cordero to third . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Galvis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Asuaje at second base . Yates pitching for Padres . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . Posey grounded out to shortstop . Longoria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Margot grounded out to shortstop . Ellis singled to shallow left center . Asuaje grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ellis out at second . Jankowski reached on infield single to third , Asuaje to second , Asuaje to third on throwing error by third baseman Longoria . Snelten pitching for Giants . Jankowski stole second . Hosmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 8th . Stammen pitching for Padres . Belt flied out to left . Sandoval hit for Snelten . Sandoval doubled to deep right . Crawford hit for Tomlinson . Szczur in right field . Hand pitching for Padres . Crawford lined out to right . Hanson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Crawford at shortstop . Johnson pitching for Giants . Villanueva grounded out to pitcher . Cordero walked . Szczur grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cordero out at second . Galvis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Slater hit for Blanco . Hand pitching for Padres . Slater hit by pitch . Hernández struck out swinging . McCutchen struck out looking . Slater to second on fielder 's indifference . Posey walked . Longoria singled to left , Slater scored , Posey to third . Belt walked , Longoria to second . Hundley hit for Johnson . Hundley singled to center , Posey and Longoria scored , Belt to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 5 - Giants 6 .	Hundley 's pinch - hit single in 9th rallies Giants past Padres