Giants - Top 1st . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Hernández grounded out to second . Posey struck out swinging . McCutchen singled to center . Longoria grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Blackmon doubled to right . Parra singled to center , Blackmon to third . Arenado grounded out to shortstop , Blackmon scored , Parra to second . González struck out swinging . Story tripled to deep right , Parra scored . Desmond grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Belt singled to left . Williamson grounded into double play , second to first , Belt out at second . Crawford lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Rodríguez pitching for Giants . McMahon lined out to left . Iannetta doubled to deep left . Freeland struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Tomlinson flied out to left . Rodríguez struck out looking . Hernández popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Parra popped out to shortstop . Arenado safe at first on error by second baseman Tomlinson . González fouled out to third . Story walked , Arenado to second . Desmond struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 4th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Posey grounded out to third . McCutchen singled to right center . McCutchen stole second . Longoria grounded out to second , McCutchen to third . Belt popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . McMahon struck out swinging . Iannetta struck out swinging . Freeland doubled to deep right . Blackmon safe at first on error by second baseman Tomlinson , Freeland advanced to third on Tomlinson error , Freeland scored , Blackmon to third on throwing error by first baseman Belt . Parra doubled to right , Blackmon scored . Arenado doubled to deep right , Parra scored . González grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Williamson doubled to deep left center . Crawford flied out to right . Tomlinson flied out to right . Rodríguez doubled to deep right , Williamson scored . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Story popped out to shortstop . Desmond reached on infield single to pitcher . Smith pitching for Giants . McMahon doubled to deep left , Desmond to third . Iannetta hit sacrifice fly to center , Desmond scored , McMahon to third . Freeland grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Posey homered to left ( 421 feet ) . McCutchen struck out looking . Longoria homered to left ( 435 feet ) . Belt singled to left . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Williamson doubled to deep right , Belt to third . Crawford lined out to third . Tomlinson grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Smith pitching for Giants . Blackmon struck out looking . Parra grounded out to second . Arenado popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Jackson hit for Smith . Jackson singled to center . Hernández walked , Jackson to second . Posey flied out to center , Jackson to third . McCutchen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hernández out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Gearrin pitching for Giants . González singled to right . Story flied out to center . González stole second . Desmond doubled to right , González scored . McMahon lined out to shortstop . Iannetta singled to center , Desmond scored . Dahl hit for Dunn . Dahl homered to center ( 420 feet ) , Iannetta scored . Blackmon flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Shaw pitching for Rockies . Longoria homered to center ( 431 feet ) . Belt struck out swinging . Williamson grounded out to catcher . Crawford struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Blach pitching for Giants . Parra struck out looking . Arenado doubled to right center . González singled to left center , Arenado scored . Story grounded into fielder 's choice to second , González safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Tomlinson . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Story out at second , González to third . McMahon grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 9th . Pounders pitching for Rockies . Blanco hit for Tomlinson . Blanco lined out to left . Sandoval hit for Blach . Sandoval singled to center . Hernández grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sandoval out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 4 - Rockies 11 .	Giants lose 2 pitchers to injury in 11 - 4 loss to Rockies