Giants - Top 1st . Gray pitching for Rockies . Hernández struck out swinging . Posey struck out swinging . McCutchen doubled to right . Belt grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Holland pitching for Giants . Blackmon singled to left center . Cuevas singled to right , Blackmon to second . Arenado homered to left center ( 447 feet ) , Blackmon and Cuevas scored . Story singled to left . González grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Story out at second . Desmond singled to left . Desmond caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Castro batting . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Longoria struck out swinging . Crawford singled to left center . Williamson singled to center , Crawford to third . Crawford scored , Williamson to second on wild pitch by Gray . Sandoval singled to center , Williamson scored . Holland struck out bunting foul . Hernández grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Holland pitching for Giants . Castro singled to left . Wolters grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castro out at second . Gray sacrificed to first , Wolters to second . Blackmon singled to right center , Wolters scored . Cuevas flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Posey grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen singled to left center . Belt grounded out to second , McCutchen to second . Longoria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Holland pitching for Giants . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . Story grounded out to third . González flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Crawford grounded out to second . Williamson doubled to deep right . Sandoval walked . Holland sacrificed into fielder 's choice to third , Williamson to third , Sandoval to second . Hernández walked , Williamson scored , Sandoval to third , Holland to second . Posey walked , Sandoval scored , Holland to third , Hernández to second . Musgrave pitching for Rockies . McCutchen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Posey out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Holland pitching for Giants . Desmond lined out to third . Castro singled to left . Wolters popped out to shortstop . Musgrave grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Musgrave pitching for Rockies . Belt hit by pitch . Longoria tripled to deep center , Belt scored . Crawford singled to left , Longoria scored . Williamson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Crawford out at second . Sandoval lined out to center . Holland struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Tomlinson at second base . Holland pitching for Giants . Blackmon grounded out to second . Cuevas grounded out to shortstop . Arenado walked . Arenado to second on wild pitch by Holland . Story walked . González lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Posey singled to center . McCutchen flied out to right . Belt lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Moronta pitching for Giants . Desmond struck out looking . Castro grounded out to pitcher . Wolters grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Longoria struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to third . Williamson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Blanco in left field . Watson pitching for Giants . Parra hit for Oberg . Parra struck out swinging . Blackmon struck out swinging . Cuevas grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Parra in left field . McGee pitching for Rockies . Tomlinson reached on infield single to third . Blanco sacrificed to first , Tomlinson to second . Tomlinson to third on wild pitch by McGee . Hernández lined out to right . Posey singled to center , Tomlinson scored . Posey to second on wild pitch by McGee . McCutchen struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Dyson pitching for Giants . Arenado grounded out to pitcher . Story grounded out to third . González doubled to left . Desmond reached on infield single to shortstop , González to third . Dahl hit for Castro . Dahl grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . McMahon at second base . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Belt flied out to right . Longoria struck out swinging . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Strickland pitching for Giants . Wolters grounded out to first . Parra struck out swinging , Parra safe at first on wild pitch by Strickland . Blackmon lined out to center . McMahon doubled to left , Parra to third . Arenado popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 7 - Rockies 4 .	Crawford keeps up torrid May , helps Giants beat Rockies 7 - 4