Phillies - Top 1st . Archer pitching for Rays . Hernández grounded out to second . Santana walked . Herrera singled to shallow left , Santana to second . Hoskins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Herrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Smith grounded out to second . Gómez grounded out to third . Kiermaier grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Archer pitching for Rays . Williams doubled to deep center . Kingery doubled to left , Williams scored . Franco walked . Alfaro struck out swinging . Crawford doubled to right , Kingery scored , Franco to third . Hernández singled to left , Franco scored , Crawford to third . Santana singled to right center , Crawford scored , Hernández to third . Herrera singled to center , Hernández scored , Santana to second . Hoskins grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Herrera out at second , Santana to third , Santana scored , Hoskins to third on throwing error by pitcher Archer . Williams grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Cron reached on infield single to first . Wendle grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Cron out at second . Duffy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Archer pitching for Rays . Kingery flied out to center . Franco struck out swinging . Alfaro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Hechavarria grounded out to third . Field grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Archer pitching for Rays . Crawford homered to right ( 383 feet ) . Hernández fouled out to left . Santana lined out to center . Herrera fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Smith reached on infield single to shortstop . Gómez lined out to shortstop . Kiermaier singled to center , Smith to third . Cron hit sacrifice fly to right , Smith scored . Wendle walked , Kiermaier to second . Duffy doubled to left , Kiermaier scored , Wendle to third . Ramos grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Pruitt pitching for Rays . Hoskins singled to right . Williams singled to right , Hoskins to third . Kingery doubled to left , Hoskins scored , Williams to third . Franco hit sacrifice fly to center , Williams scored . Alfaro grounded out to shortstop , Kingery to third . Crawford flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Hechavarria grounded out to pitcher . Field grounded out to third . Smith singled to center . Gómez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Pruitt pitching for Rays . Hernández lined out to center . Santana grounded out to third . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Kiermaier doubled to center . Kiermaier to third on passed ball by Alfaro . Cron grounded out to shortstop , Kiermaier scored . Wendle grounded out to second . Duffy grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Pruitt pitching for Rays . Hoskins lined out to right . Williams grounded out to first . Kingery flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Ramos singled to left . Hechavarria grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramos out at second . Field walked . Arano pitching for Phillies . Smith flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Pruitt pitching for Rays . Franco grounded out to pitcher . Alfaro singled to center . Crawford walked , Alfaro to second . Hernández struck out looking . Santana grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Arano pitching for Phillies . Gómez struck out swinging . Kiermaier struck out swinging . Cron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Pruitt pitching for Rays . Herrera singled to right . Hoskins flied out to left . Williams flied out to left . Herrera to second on wild pitch by Pruitt . Kingery grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 9th . Hutchison pitching for Phillies . Wendle doubled to left . Robertson hit for Duffy . Robertson walked . Ramos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wendle to third , Robertson to second . Hechavarria hit sacrifice fly to center , Wendle scored , Robertson to third . Field grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ramos out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 9 - Rays 4 .	Phillies beat Rays behind Arrieta for fifth straight