Royals - Top 1st. Braden pitching for Athletics. German struck out swinging. DeJesus fouled out to third. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Elarton pitching for Royals. Stewart doubled to right center. Swisher flied out to center, Stewart to third. Chavez fouled out to third. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Braden pitching for Athletics. Teahen singled to shallow left. Sweeney singled to center, Teahen to second. Brown flied out to center. Shealy singled to left, Teahen to third, Sweeney to second. Teahen scored, Sweeney to third, Shealy to second on wild pitch by Braden. Phillips grounded out to shortstop, Sweeney scored, Shealy to third. Berroa hit by pitch. German lined out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Elarton pitching for Royals. Cust struck out looking. Crosby homered to left. Buck singled to right center. Ellis singled to center, Buck to second. Melhuse walked, Buck to third, Ellis to second. Stewart grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Melhuse out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Braden pitching for Athletics. DeJesus grounded out to second. Grudzielanek flied out to left. Teahen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Elarton pitching for Royals. Swisher flied out to center. Chavez flied out to left. Johnson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Braden pitching for Athletics. Sweeney flied out to center. Brown fouled out to catcher. Shealy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Elarton pitching for Royals. Cust fouled out to left. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. Buck flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Braden pitching for Athletics. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Berroa grounded out to pitcher. German walked. DeJesus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Elarton pitching for Royals. Ellis doubled to left center. Melhuse grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellis out at third. Stewart grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Melhuse out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Braden pitching for Athletics. Grudzielanek singled to left. Teahen flied out to left. Sweeney doubled to left, Grudzielanek scored. Brown tripled to deep center, Sweeney scored. Robertson pitching for Athletics. Shealy struck out swinging. Phillips doubled to right, Brown scored. Berroa grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Elarton pitching for Royals. Swisher fouled out to first. Chavez singled to left. Johnson walked, Chavez to second. Cust walked, Chavez to third, Johnson to second. Greinke pitching for Royals. Crosby singled to shallow center, Chavez scored, Johnson to third, Cust to second. Buck hit sacrifice fly to left, Johnson scored. Ellis singled to center, Cust scored, Crosby thrown out at third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Robertson pitching for Athletics. German grounded out to pitcher. DeJesus doubled to deep right center. Grudzielanek flied out to right, DeJesus to third. Teahen doubled to center, DeJesus scored. Sweeney intentionally walked. Brown struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Melhuse singled to shallow right. Stewart hit by pitch, Melhuse to second. Gobble pitching for Royals. Swisher struck out swinging. Chavez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stewart out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Shealy struck out swinging. Phillips walked. Berroa singled to center, Phillips to third. German grounded out to pitcher, Phillips scored, Berroa to second. DeJesus flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Gobble pitching for Royals. Johnson lined out to center. Riske pitching for Royals. Cust walked. Crosby lined out to right. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Buck flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Grudzielanek doubled to right. Grudzielanek out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Teahen walked. Teahen caught stealing second, catcher to second. Sweeney walked. Brown fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Ellis struck out looking. Melhuse struck out swinging. Stewart grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 7 - Athletics 4.	Elarton gets 1st win since July as Royals top A's