Athletics - Top 1st. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Stewart struck out swinging. Swisher struck out swinging. Johnson walked. Cust doubled to deep left, Johnson to third. Chavez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Erstad fouled out to third. Iguchi flied out to left. Thome flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. Buck popped out to shortstop. Ellis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Dye doubled to deep center. Konerko singled to left, Dye to third. Pierzynski safe at first on error by first baseman Johnson, Dye scored, Konerko to second. Ozuna walked, Konerko to third, Pierzynski to second. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Cintron struck out swinging. Erstad singled to center, Konerko and Pierzynski scored, Ozuna to third. Iguchi grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Kendall lined out to third. Stewart grounded out to third. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Thome struck out swinging. Dye flied out to left. Konerko flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Johnson flied out to center. Cust singled to right. Chavez struck out swinging. Crosby reached on infield single to third, Cust to second. Cust to third, Crosby to second on passed ball by Pierzynski. Scutaro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Ozuna lined out to third. Mackowiak popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Ellis singled to left. Kendall singled to left center, Ellis to second. Stewart singled to center, Ellis to third, Kendall to second. Swisher doubled to deep left center, Ellis, Kendall and Stewart scored. Johnson grounded out to second. Cust struck out swinging. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Cintron grounded out to pitcher. Erstad reached on infield single to first. Iguchi grounded into fielder's choice to third, Erstad out at second. Thome walked, Iguchi to second. Dye struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Terrero in right field. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Crosby grounded out to third. Scutaro grounded out to first. Ellis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Konerko singled to center. Pierzynski singled to right, Konerko to second. Ozuna sacrificed to third, Konerko to third, Pierzynski to second. Mackowiak singled to left, Konerko and Pierzynski scored. Cintron singled to right, Mackowiak to third. Marshall pitching for Athletics. Erstad singled to center, Mackowiak scored, Cintron to second. Iguchi flied out to right, Cintron to third. Thome grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Kendall flied out to center. Stewart singled to center. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Swisher singled to right, Stewart to second. Johnson popped out to pitcher. Cust walked, Stewart to third, Swisher to second. Chavez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Robertson pitching for Athletics. Terrero singled to center. Konerko singled to left, Terrero to third. Pierzynski hit sacrifice fly to left, Terrero scored. Ozuna reached on infield single to pitcher, Konerko to second. Flores pitching for Athletics. Mackowiak flied out to center. Cintron singled to left, Konerko scored, Ozuna to second. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Erstad grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Crosby walked. Scutaro grounded out to third, Crosby to second. Ellis walked. Kendall struck out swinging. Logan pitching for White Sox. Stewart reached on infield single to third, Crosby to third, Ellis to second. Swisher singled to left, Crosby and Ellis scored, Stewart to second. Johnson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Flores pitching for Athletics. Iguchi grounded out to second. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Thome struck out swinging. Terrero reached on infield single to first. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Konerko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Cust walked. Chavez singled to right center, Cust to second. Crosby struck out swinging. Scutaro popped out to shortstop. Ellis lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 5 - White Sox 8.	Mackowiak, White Sox find offense to defeat A's