Athletics - Top 1st. Danks pitching for White Sox. Stewart fouled out to first. Swisher singled to center. Swisher to second on wild pitch by Danks. Johnson lined into double play, first to shortstop, Swisher doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Erstad grounded out to shortstop. Iguchi grounded out to third. Thome singled to right. Dye homered to left, Thome scored. Konerko flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Cust walked. Crosby singled to left, Cust to second. Ellis lined into double play, second to shortstop, Cust doubled off second. Kendall popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Pierzynski popped out to second. Ozuna reached on infield single to shortstop. Mackowiak singled to right, Ozuna to third. Cintron doubled to deep center, Ozuna and Mackowiak scored. Erstad walked. Iguchi fouled out to first. Thome doubled to left, Cintron and Erstad scored. Dye popped out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Scutaro homered to left. Bocachica flied out to center. Stewart flied out to right. Swisher singled to left. Johnson flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Konerko singled to left center. Pierzynski grounded into double play, to shortstop, Konerko out at second. Ozuna flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Cust grounded out to second. Crosby lined out to left. Ellis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Mackowiak singled to shallow right. Cintron singled to right, Mackowiak to second. Erstad singled to right, Mackowiak scored, Cintron to third. Iguchi popped out to second. Thome homered to right, Cintron and Erstad scored. Dye singled to left center. Dye to second on wild pitch by Lewis. Konerko walked. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Pierzynski grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Konerko out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Kendall flied out to right. Scutaro singled to center. Bocachica doubled to shallow left, Scutaro to third. Stewart singled to center, Scutaro scored, Bocachica to third, Bocachica scored on error by center fielder Erstad. Swisher walked, Stewart to second. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Swisher out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Ozuna flied out to right. Mackowiak grounded out to shortstop. Cintron grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Cust grounded out to pitcher. Crosby singled to right. Ellis hit by pitch, Crosby to second. Kendall struck out swinging. Scutaro popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Erstad struck out swinging. Iguchi popped out to shortstop. Thome walked. Aardsma pitching for White Sox. Dye grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thome out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Aardsma pitching for White Sox. Bocachica grounded out to shortstop. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Swisher struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Konerko grounded out to first. Pierzynski singled to right. Ozuna grounded out to second, Pierzynski to second. Logan pitching for White Sox. Terrero in center field. Mackowiak grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Logan pitching for White Sox. Johnson lined out to second. Cust grounded out to second. Crosby lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Cintron grounded out to third. Terrero struck out looking. Sisco pitching for White Sox. Iguchi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Sisco pitching for White Sox. Ellis lined out to shortstop. Kendall flied out to right. Scutaro singled to center. Bocachica walked, Scutaro to second. Stewart singled to center, Scutaro scored, Bocachica to second. Swisher flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 4 - White Sox 10.	ChiSox continue to rack up runs in win over A's