Athletics - Top 1st. Burres pitching for Orioles. Stewart grounded out to third. Swisher flied out to center. Johnson lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Roberts singled to center. Roberts stole second. Gomez walked. Markakis grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gomez out at second, Roberts to third. Tejada homered to left, Roberts scored. Millar grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Burres pitching for Orioles. Cust flied out to center. Crosby grounded out to second. Chavez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Mora grounded out to pitcher. Hernandez walked. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hernandez out at second. Payton singled to left, Patterson to second. Roberts singled to left, Patterson scored, Payton to second. Gomez walked, Payton to third, Roberts to second. Markakis grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Burres pitching for Orioles. Ellis grounded out to third. Buck struck out swinging. Kendall flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Tejada singled to left. Millar flied out to center. Mora grounded out to pitcher, Tejada to second. Hernandez popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Burres pitching for Orioles. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Swisher homered to left. Johnson struck out swinging. Cust walked. Crosby lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Patterson hit by pitch. Payton singled to center, Patterson to third. Roberts walked, Payton to second. Gomez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Patterson scored, Payton out at third, Roberts to second. Gomez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop, Roberts to third on runner's fielder's choice. Markakis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Burres pitching for Orioles. Chavez popped out to third. Ellis reached on infield single to second. Buck singled to center, Ellis to second. Kendall walked, Ellis to third, Buck to second. Stewart grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Tejada singled to shallow left. Millar popped out to shortstop. Mora popped out to first. Hernandez walked, Tejada to second. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Patterson singled to left, Tejada scored, Patterson to second, Hernandez to second, Hernandez to third advancing on throw. Payton hit by pitch. Roberts singled to left, Hernandez and Patterson scored, Payton to second, Payton to third advancing on throw. Gomez singled to left, Payton scored, Roberts to second. Markakis grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Burres pitching for Orioles. Swisher walked. Johnson flied out to center. Cust struck out swinging. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Crosby grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Tejada grounded out to second. Millar popped out to second. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Mora fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Chavez popped out to shortstop. Ellis flied out to center. Buck homered to left center. Murphy at second base. Ramirez pitching for Athletics. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Athletics. Hernandez singled to right. Patterson popped out to third. Payton singled to right, Hernandez to third. Roberts grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Payton out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Stewart flied out to center. Swisher walked. Johnson singled to center, Swisher to second. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Cust struck out looking. Flores pitching for Athletics. Crosby grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Flores pitching for Athletics. Gomez grounded out to third. Markakis popped out to shortstop. Baez pitching for Orioles. Tejada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Orioles. Chavez grounded out to first. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Melhuse hit for Kendall. Buck walked. Melhuse walked, Buck to second. Stewart singled to right, Buck scored, Melhuse to third. Stewart to second on fielder's indifference. Swisher popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Orioles 8.	Orioles come out slugging to cruise past Athletics