Athletics - Top 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Stewart struck out swinging. Ellis singled to right. Swisher flied out to right. Piazza flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Vidro walked. Guillen grounded out to third, Vidro to second. Beltre hit by pitch. Sexson singled to center, Vidro scored, Beltre to second. Ibanez singled to center, Beltre scored, Sexson to third. Johjima grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Cust struck out swinging. Scutaro flied out to right. Johnson walked. Murphy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Bloomquist walked. Suzuki singled to center, Bloomquist to second. Vidro singled to left, Bloomquist scored, Suzuki to second. Guillen flied out to right. Beltre homered to left, Suzuki and Vidro scored. Sexson flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Suzuki walked. Stewart fouled out to first. Ellis safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Beltre, Suzuki to third. Swisher hit by pitch, Ellis to second. Piazza singled to center, Suzuki and Ellis scored, Swisher to third. Cust hit sacrifice fly to center, Swisher scored. Scutaro fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Ibanez doubled to right. Johjima grounded out to shortstop, Ibanez to third. Lopez singled to left, Ibanez scored. Bloomquist grounded into double play, second to first, Lopez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Johnson flied out to right. Murphy flied out to right. Suzuki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Brown pitching for Athletics. Suzuki fouled out to left. Vidro struck out looking. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Stewart homered to center. Ellis fouled out to first. Swisher walked. Piazza singled to deep left, Swisher to third. Cust singled to left, Swisher scored, Piazza to second. Scutaro flied out to left. Johnson lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Brown pitching for Athletics. Beltre flied out to right. Sexson struck out swinging. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Murphy reached on infield single to shortstop. Broussard at first base. Suzuki singled to left, Murphy to second. Stewart struck out swinging. Ellis singled to right, Murphy to third, Suzuki to second. Swisher doubled to deep center, Murphy, Suzuki and Ellis scored. Piazza singled to center, Swisher scored. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Cust popped out to shortstop. Scutaro singled to left, Piazza to second. Johnson grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Calero pitching for Athletics. Johjima struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to third. Bloomquist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Murphy flied out to right. Suzuki doubled to left. Stewart singled to center, Suzuki scored, Stewart out stretching at second. Ellis fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Suzuki reached on bunt single to shortstop. Suzuki stole second. Suzuki stole third. Vidro struck out swinging. Guillen struck out swinging. Beltre singled to left, Suzuki scored. Broussard homered to right, Beltre scored. Ibanez popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Green pitching for Mariners. Swisher lined out to left. Piazza grounded out to shortstop. Cust grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Swisher in right field. Kotsay in center field. Street pitching for Athletics. Johjima doubled to deep left. Ellison ran for Johjima. Lopez sacrificed to third, Ellison to third, Lopez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Street. Ellison scored on throwing error by pitcher Street. Bloomquist singled to shallow right, Lopez to third. Suzuki struck out swinging, Bloomquist stole second. Vidro intentionally walked. Guillen singled to right, Lopez and Bloomquist scored, Vidro to third. Beltre struck out swinging. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Broussard singled to center, Vidro scored, Guillen to third. Ibanez walked, Broussard to second. Betancourt hit for Ellison. Betancourt flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 9th. Burke catching. Betancourt at shortstop. Bloomquist in left field. Putz pitching for Mariners. Scutaro flied out to center. Johnson flied out to left. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 10 - Mariners 14.	Broussard steps up as M's get wild win over A's