Athletics - Top 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Stewart struck out swinging. Barton grounded out to second. Swisher flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Braden pitching for Athletics. Suzuki flied out to left. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez singled to left. Guillen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Piazza doubled to deep left center. Ellis singled to right, Piazza to third. Scutaro popped out to third. Murphy struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Braden pitching for Athletics. Johjima grounded out to first. Vidro singled to right. Jones safe at first on error by second baseman Ellis, Vidro to second. Lopez popped out to third. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Thompson grounded out to second. Stewart singled to center. Barton grounded out to second, Stewart to second. Swisher grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Braden pitching for Athletics. Suzuki lined out to center. Beltre homered to left. Ibanez fouled out to left. Guillen safe at first on error by shortstop Murphy. Johjima struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Piazza doubled to deep right center. Ellis singled to left, Piazza to third. Scutaro walked, Ellis to second. Murphy walked, Piazza scored, Ellis to third, Scutaro to second. Suzuki walked, Ellis scored, Scutaro to third, Murphy to second. Thompson flied out to left. Stewart singled to center, Scutaro and Murphy scored, Suzuki to second. Barton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Stewart out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Braden pitching for Athletics. Vidro doubled to right center. Jones flied out to right. Lopez lined out to second. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Swisher flied out to left. Piazza flied out to center. Ellis doubled to deep right. Scutaro walked. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Braden pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to left. Beltre lined out to second. Suzuki to second on balk by Braden. Ibanez singled to right, Suzuki scored. Guillen singled to right, Ibanez to second. Johjima singled to center, Ibanez scored, Guillen to third. Lugo pitching for Athletics. Vidro grounded into fielder's choice to first, Guillen scored, Johjima out at second. Jones struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Burke catching. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Suzuki flied out to center. Thompson grounded out to third. Stewart singled to right. Barton walked, Stewart to second. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Swisher walked, Stewart to third, Barton to second. Green pitching for Mariners. Piazza singled to center, Stewart and Barton scored, Swisher to second. Ellis singled to left, Swisher scored, Piazza to second, Piazza to third, Ellis to second on throwing error by left fielder Jones. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Lugo pitching for Athletics. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Betancourt singled to center. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Betancourt out at second. Beltre singled to center, Suzuki to third. Brown pitching for Athletics. Ibanez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Campillo pitching for Mariners. Murphy flied out to center. Suzuki flied out to center. Johnson hit for Thompson. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. DaVanon in center field. Brown pitching for Athletics. Guillen grounded out to second. Burke flied out to center. Vidro walked. Jones doubled to deep left, Vidro to third. Lopez walked. Betancourt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Campillo pitching for Mariners. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Barton fouled out to catcher. Swisher flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Embree pitching for Athletics. Suzuki popped out to second. Beltre grounded out to third. Ibanez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Campillo pitching for Mariners. Piazza struck out swinging. Ellis flied out to center. Scutaro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Street pitching for Athletics. Guillen struck out looking. Reed hit for Burke. Reed struck out swinging. Vidro walked. Bloomquist ran for Vidro. Jones flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 7 - Mariners 4.	Mariners continue free fall with loss to Athletics