Athletics - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Mariners. Stewart walked. Barton reached on infield single to second, Stewart to second, Stewart to third on throwing error by second baseman Bloomquist. Swisher hit sacrifice fly to right, Stewart scored. Cust struck out looking, Barton stole second. Ellis flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to second. Beltre grounded out to third. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Mariners. Johnson singled to right. Suzuki sacrificed to pitcher, Johnson to second, Suzuki safe at first on error by pitcher Batista. Hannahan struck out swinging. Murphy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Guillen grounded out to third. Broussard struck out swinging. Vidro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Mariners. Stewart singled to center. Stewart stole second. Barton lined out to right. Stewart to third on wild pitch by Batista. Swisher fouled out to third. Cust grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Betancourt lined out to left. Burke singled to left. Bloomquist singled to right, Burke to second. Suzuki flied out to left. Beltre walked, Burke to third, Bloomquist to second. Ibanez doubled to right, Burke and Bloomquist scored, Beltre to third. Guillen flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Ellis reached on infield single to second. Johnson singled to right, Ellis to third. Suzuki reached on infield single to third, Ellis scored, Johnson to second. Hannahan lined into double play, to shortstop, Johnson doubled off second. Murphy struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Broussard singled to left. Vidro singled to center, Broussard to third. Betancourt hit sacrifice fly to center, Broussard scored. Burke singled to right center, Vidro to third. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vidro out at home, Burke to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bloomquist out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Stewart doubled to deep left center. Barton singled to right, Stewart to third. Swisher hit sacrifice fly to left, Stewart scored, Barton to third, Swisher to second on error by center fielder Suzuki. Cust intentionally walked. Ellis flied out to left. Johnson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Cust out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Beltre singled to right. Ibanez struck out swinging. Guillen lined out to left. Broussard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Suzuki struck out swinging. Hannahan grounded out to second. Murphy popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Vidro doubled to deep center. Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop, Vidro to third. Burke grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vidro out at home, Betancourt to second. Bloomquist struck out looking. Suzuki singled to center, Betancourt scored, Burke to second. Beltre struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Stewart singled to right. Stewart to second on passed ball by Burke. Barton struck out swinging. Swisher singled to left, Stewart to third. Cust walked, Swisher to second. Huber pitching for Mariners. Ellis struck out swinging. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Piazza hit for Johnson. Piazza singled to left center, Stewart and Swisher scored, Cust to second. Suzuki flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Ibanez lined out to shortstop. Guillen reached on infield single to third. Broussard flied out to left. Vidro doubled to left, Guillen to third. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Hannahan struck out looking. Murphy struck out swinging. Stewart singled to right. Barton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Swisher in right field. DaVanon in center field. Reed hit for Burke. Embree pitching for Athletics. Jones hit for Reed. Jones homered to right center. Bloomquist grounded out to second. Suzuki grounded out to second. Beltre flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Johnson catching. Putz pitching for Mariners. Swisher popped out to shortstop. DaVanon grounded out to pitcher. Ellis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Embree pitching for Athletics. Ibanez grounded out to second. Brown pitching for Athletics. Guillen singled to left. Broussard grounded out to second, Guillen to second. Vidro intentionally walked. Jimerson ran for Guillen. Betancourt singled to center, Jimerson scored, Vidro to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 5 - Mariners 6.	Betancourt helps complete M's rally over Athletics