Rangers - Top 1st. Meyer pitching for Athletics. Kinsler walked. Kinsler stole second. Wilkerson popped out to third. Young grounded out to second, Kinsler to third. Sosa lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Gabbard pitching for Rangers. Stewart popped out to second. Barton doubled to deep right. Swisher hit by pitch. Piazza grounded into double play, third to first, Barton out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Meyer pitching for Athletics. Byrd struck out swinging. Botts struck out swinging. Murphy singled to right. Metcalf grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Gabbard pitching for Rangers. Ellis grounded out to third. Cust struck out swinging. Suzuki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Meyer pitching for Athletics. Laird struck out swinging. Kinsler walked. Wilkerson reached on infield single to second, Kinsler to second. Young singled to center, Kinsler to third, Wilkerson to second. Sosa singled to left center, Kinsler and Wilkerson scored, Young to second. Byrd singled to right, Young scored, Sosa to third. Botts struck out swinging. Murphy walked, Byrd to second. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Metcalf walked, Sosa scored, Byrd to third, Murphy to second. Laird singled to center, Byrd and Murphy scored, Metcalf to second. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Laird out at second. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Gabbard pitching for Rangers. Hannahan struck out swinging. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Stewart walked. Barton homered to right, Stewart scored. Swisher walked. Piazza reached on infield single to third, Swisher to second. Ellis struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Wilkerson flied out to left. Young lined out to left. Sosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Gabbard pitching for Rangers. Cust walked. Suzuki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cust out at second. Hannahan walked. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Byrd flied out to center. Botts doubled to deep left. Murphy walked. Metcalf grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Gabbard pitching for Rangers. Stewart singled to center. Barton singled to center, Stewart to second. Swisher walked, Stewart to third, Barton to second. Piazza walked, Stewart scored, Barton to third, Swisher to second. Ellis walked, Barton scored, Swisher to third, Piazza to second. Wood pitching for Rangers. Cust singled to right, Swisher scored, Piazza to third, Ellis to second. Suzuki singled to left, Piazza scored, Ellis to third, Cust to second. Hannahan grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ellis out at home, Cust to third, Suzuki to second, Cust and Suzuki scored, Hannahan to third on throwing error by catcher Laird. Murphy sacrificed to third, Hannahan scored. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. 7 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 6th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Laird reached on infield single to third, Laird to second on throwing error by third baseman Hannahan. Kinsler struck out swinging. Wilkerson walked. Young struck out swinging. Sosa homered to left, Laird and Wilkerson scored. Byrd walked. Brown pitching for Athletics. Botts struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Barton struck out swinging. Swisher homered to left. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Piazza singled to right. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Piazza out at second. Cust singled to right, Ellis to third. Suzuki singled to right, Ellis scored, Cust to second. Hannahan grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Brown pitching for Athletics. Murphy fouled out to third. Metcalf struck out looking. Laird popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Murphy struck out swinging. Stewart singled to center. Barton struck out swinging. Stewart caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Embree pitching for Athletics. Swisher in right field. DaVanon in center field. Kinsler reached on infield single to second. Wilkerson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Kinsler out at second. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Swisher flied out to center. Piazza walked. Furmaniak ran for Piazza. Ellis lined out to first. DaVanon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Street pitching for Athletics. Sosa fouled out to first. Byrd grounded out to pitcher. Botts flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 9 - Athletics 11.	Sosa hits No. 608, but A's, Swisher rally past Rangers