Indians - Top 1st . Sizemore flied out to center . DeRosa doubled to left center . Martinez flied out to right . Hafner popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Bourn singled to shallow center . Bourn stole second . Keppinger flied out to right . Berkman flied out to left , Bourn to third . Tejada singled to shallow right , Bourn scored . Pence struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Peralta reached on infield single to third . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peralta out at second , Choo to second on throwing error by second baseman Smith . Shoppach singled to left , Choo to third . Francisco struck out swinging . Carroll reached on infield single to third , Choo scored , Shoppach to second , Shoppach to third , Carroll to second on throwing error by third baseman Keppinger . Sizemore grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Erstad flied out to left . Michaels grounded out to shortstop . Smith struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . DeRosa struck out swinging . Martinez reached on infield single to shortstop . Hafner grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez out at second . Peralta walked , Hafner to second . Choo singled to right , Hafner thrown out at home , Peralta to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Quintero grounded out to third . Bourn struck out swinging . Keppinger singled to right . Berkman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Shoppach popped out to second . Francisco struck out swinging . Carroll safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada . Sizemore grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 4th . Garko in right field . Crowe in center field . Tejada singled to left . Johnson ran for Tejada . Pence flied out to right . Erstad grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Keppinger at shortstop . Johnson at third base . Sampson pitching for Astros . DeRosa flied out to right . Martinez singled to right . Hafner grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Michaels grounded out to shortstop . Smith flied out to right . Quintero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Abercrombie in left field . Ortiz pitching for Astros . Peralta struck out swinging . Choo struck out swinging . Shoppach popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Graffanino at third base . Marte at first base . Cabrera at shortstop . Wood pitching for Indians . Bourn singled to left . Keppinger flied out to center . Bourn stole second . Berkman hit ground rule double to deep right , Bourn scored . Johnson doubled to right , Berkman scored . Pence popped out to shortstop . Erstad grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Santangelo catching . Quintero at first base . Garko grounded out to second . Carroll grounded out to third . Crowe lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Smith pitching for Indians . Abercrombie struck out swinging . Smith struck out looking . Quintero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Byrdak pitching for Astros . Graffanino reached on bunt single to first . Marte grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Graffanino out at second . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Espino catching . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Bourn grounded out to second . Keppinger walked . Berkman flied out to center . Johnson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Brocail pitching for Astros . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Choo singled to right . Espino reached on infield single to third , Choo to second . Garko fouled out to catcher . Carroll hit by pitch , Choo to third , Espino to second . Crowe singled to right , Choo and Espino scored , Carroll to second . Graffanino safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Johnson , Carroll scored , Crowe to third . Marte grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 9th . Jackson pitching for Indians . Pence singled to shallow right . Santangelo flied out to center . Abercrombie grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pence out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - Astros 3 .	Indians 4 , Astros 3