Indians - Top 1st . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Sizemore struck out looking . Cabrera singled to center . Martinez singled to left , Cabrera to second . DeRosa flied out to right , Cabrera to third . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Reyes pitching for Indians . Scutaro singled to center . Hill flied out to left . Rios struck out swinging . Scutaro caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Peralta struck out swinging . LaPorta hit by pitch . Francisco singled to left , LaPorta to second , LaPorta scored , Francisco to second on error by left fielder Snider . Francisco stole third . Shoppach hit by pitch . Sizemore grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Francisco scored , Shoppach out at second . Sizemore caught stealing second , catcher to second . Cabrera batting . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Reyes pitching for Indians . Wells fouled out to catcher . Lind singled to left . Rolen flied out to center . Overbay doubled to deep center , Lind scored . Chavez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera grounded out to third . Martinez flied out to center . DeRosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Reyes pitching for Indians . Snider flied out to left . Scutaro popped out to second . Hill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Choo struck out swinging . Peralta singled to center . LaPorta struck out looking . Francisco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Reyes pitching for Indians . Rios struck out swinging . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Lind flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Shoppach hit by pitch . Sizemore grounded out to second , Shoppach to second . Cabrera flied out to center . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Reyes pitching for Indians . Rolen struck out swinging . Overbay struck out swinging . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . DeRosa singled to left . Choo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , DeRosa out at second . Peralta doubled to left . LaPorta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Reyes pitching for Indians . Snider singled to right . Scutaro reached on bunt single to pitcher , Snider to second . Hill struck out swinging . Rios grounded out to pitcher , Snider to third , Scutaro to second . Wells walked . Lind singled to center , Snider and Scutaro scored , Wells to third . Rolen flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Francisco grounded out to third . Shoppach singled to left center . Carlson pitching for Blue Jays . Sizemore singled to right , Shoppach to second . Cabrera singled to left , Shoppach to third , Sizemore to second . Martinez singled to left , Shoppach scored , Sizemore to third , Cabrera to second . DeRosa grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Sizemore out at home , Cabrera to third , Martinez to second . Cabrera scored , Martinez to third , DeRosa to second on wild pitch by Carlson . Choo walked . Wolfe pitching for Blue Jays . Peralta singled to center , Martinez and DeRosa scored , Choo to second . LaPorta lined out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Perez pitching for Indians . Overbay grounded out to shortstop . Chavez singled to right . Snider singled to left , Chavez to second . Chulk pitching for Indians . Scutaro walked , Chavez to third , Snider to second . Hill singled to center , Chavez and Snider scored , Scutaro to second . Lewis pitching for Indians . Rios singled to center , Scutaro scored , Hill to second . Wells flied out to left . Sipp pitching for Indians . Lind homered to right , Hill and Rios scored . Rolen homered to left . Overbay grounded out to first . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Wolfe pitching for Blue Jays . Francisco singled to center . Shoppach struck out swinging . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Sizemore struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Chavez flied out to right . Snider struck out looking . Scutaro fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Martinez singled to right . DeRosa struck out swinging . Garko hit for Choo . Garko grounded out to pitcher , Martinez to second . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 6 - Blue Jays 10 .	Blue Jays ride seven - run seventh past Tribe