White Sox - Top 1st . Pavano pitching for Indians . Getz flied out to left . Lillibridge grounded out to shortstop . Quentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Sizemore singled to deep right . Cabrera walked , Sizemore to second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second , Sizemore to third . Choo singled to right , Sizemore scored , Martinez to second . DeRosa doubled to deep right , Martinez scored , Choo to third . Peralta struck out swinging . Dellucci grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Pavano pitching for Indians . Dye singled to right . Thome singled to right center , Dye to second . Konerko grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Thome out at second , Dye to third . Pierzynski flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Francisco doubled to deep right center . Shoppach walked . Sizemore struck out looking . Cabrera flied out to center . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Pavano pitching for Indians . Fields singled to left . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fields out at second . Getz grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ramirez out at second . Getz caught stealing second , catcher to second . Lillibridge batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Choo flied out to left . DeRosa grounded out to second . Peralta singled to left . Dellucci flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Pavano pitching for Indians . Lillibridge grounded out to second . Quentin popped out to second . Dye grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Francisco grounded out to shortstop . Shoppach singled to center . Sizemore lined out to first . Cabrera singled to center , Shoppach to second . Martinez walked , Shoppach to third , Cabrera to second . Choo singled to right , Shoppach and Cabrera scored , Martinez to second . DeRosa hit by pitch , Martinez to third , Choo to second . Peralta singled to center , Martinez and Choo scored , DeRosa to second . Dellucci lined out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Pavano pitching for Indians . Thome singled to left . Konerko singled to center , Thome to third . Pierzynski singled to left center , Thome scored , Konerko to third . Fields struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to third , Konerko scored , Pierzynski to second . Getz flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Francisco flied out to left . Shoppach grounded out to second . Sizemore flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Pavano pitching for Indians . Lillibridge struck out swinging . Quentin flied out to left . Dye popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to center . Cabrera stole second . Martinez singled to center , Cabrera scored . Gobble pitching for White Sox . Choo struck out swinging . DeRosa singled to left center , Martinez to second . Peralta singled to center , Martinez scored , DeRosa to third . Garko hit for Dellucci . Broadway pitching for White Sox . Garko hit sacrifice fly to right , DeRosa scored . Francisco flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Pavano pitching for Indians . Thome flied out to left . Konerko singled to left . Pierzynski doubled to left , Konerko to third . Fields singled to center , Konerko scored , Pierzynski to third . Ramirez singled to left , Pierzynski scored , Fields to second . Laffey pitching for Indians . Getz struck out looking . Lillibridge singled to left , Fields to third , Ramirez to second . Quentin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lillibridge out at second . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Broadway pitching for White Sox . Shoppach struck out swinging . Sizemore grounded out to second . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Dye lined out to center . Thome struck out looking . Konerko singled to left . Pierzynski grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Broadway pitching for White Sox . Martinez grounded out to first . Choo walked . DeRosa grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Choo out at second . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Fields walked . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fields out at second . Getz flied out to left . Betemit hit for Lillibridge . Betemit flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 4 - Indians 9 .	Tribe end 4 - game skid