Indians - Top 1st . Duke pitching for Pirates . Carroll doubled to left . Sizemore flied out to right . Martinez walked . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Martinez out at second , Carroll to third . DeRosa flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Pavano pitching for Indians . McCutchen popped out to shortstop . Morgan grounded out to second . Sanchez singled to center . Ad LaRoche singled to center , Sanchez to third . An LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Peralta singled to center . Valbuena grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Peralta out at second . Shoppach struck out swinging . Pavano lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Pavano pitching for Indians . Moss walked . Jaramillo singled to center , Moss to second . Wilson singled to center , Moss to third , Jaramillo to second . Duke singled to right , Moss scored , Jaramillo to third , Wilson to second . McCutchen singled to left , Jaramillo and Wilson scored , Duke to second . Morgan flied out to center . Sanchez singled to center , Duke to third , McCutchen to second . Ad LaRoche struck out looking . An LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Carroll struck out swinging . Sizemore grounded out to first . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Pavano pitching for Indians . Moss grounded out to first . Jaramillo struck out looking . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Choo singled to left . DeRosa singled to left , Choo to third . Peralta flied out to center . Valbuena struck out swinging . Shoppach reached on infield single to pitcher , Choo scored , DeRosa to second , DeRosa to third , Shoppach to second on throwing error by pitcher Duke . Pavano grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Pavano pitching for Indians . Duke grounded out to first . McCutchen bunt grounded out to pitcher . Morgan singled to left . Morgan stole second . Sanchez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Valbuena , Morgan to third . Sanchez to second on wild pitch by Pavano . Ad LaRoche singled to center , Morgan and Sanchez scored . Ad LaRoche stole second . An LaRoche singled to right , Ad LaRoche scored , An LaRoche to second advancing on throw . Moss doubled to deep center , An LaRoche scored . Lewis pitching for Indians . Lewis pitching for Indians . Lewis pitching for Indians . Lewis pitching for Indians . Jaramillo homered to right , Moss scored . Lewis pitching for Indians . Lewis pitching for Indians . Lewis pitching for Indians . Lewis pitching for Indians . Jaramillo homered to right , Moss scored . Wilson lined out to first . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 5th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Carroll walked . Sizemore fouled out to third . Martinez flied out to left . Choo fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Duke struck out swinging . McCutchen walked . Morgan singled to center , McCutchen to second , McCutchen to third on error by right fielder DeRosa . Sanchez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Morgan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Duke pitching for Pirates . DeRosa grounded out to third . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Valbuena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Ad LaRoche homered to center . An LaRoche popped out to shortstop . Moss struck out swinging . Jaramillo grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Chavez pitching for Pirates . Shoppach grounded out to first . Francisco hit for Sipp . Francisco grounded out to second . Carroll flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Carroll at third base . Gimenez at first base . Peralta at shortstop . Barfield at second base . Smith pitching for Indians . Wilson grounded out to third . Pearce hit for Chavez . Pearce grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Vazquez at second base . Pearce at first base . Sizemore flied out to center . Gimenez struck out swinging . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Morgan walked . Vazquez walked , Morgan to second . Young hit for Grabow . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Vazquez out at second , Morgan to third . An LaRoche grounded into double play , third to second to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Vazquez at shortstop . Young at second base . Jackson pitching for Pirates . DeRosa flied out to right . Peralta flied out to left . Barfield reached on infield single to shortstop . Shoppach homered to left , Barfield scored . Garko hit for Perez . Garko safe at first on error by third baseman An LaRoche . Carroll reached on infield single to third , Garko to second , Garko to third , Carroll to second on throwing error by third baseman An LaRoche . Sizemore homered to right , Garko and Carroll scored . Gimenez walked . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Choo grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 6 - Pirates 10 .	Pirates rough up Pavano , end five - game skid