Athletics - Top 1st . Huff pitching for Indians . Kennedy hit ground rule double to left . Cabrera grounded out to second , Kennedy to third . Holliday grounded out to shortstop , Kennedy scored . Giambi struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Sizemore singled to right . Martinez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sizemore out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Huff pitching for Indians . Suzuki doubled to deep right . Garciaparra doubled to deep right center , Suzuki scored . Cust struck out looking . Sweeney struck out swinging . Crosby struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Choo grounded out to second . Hafner homered to right center . Peralta struck out swinging . Garko singled to right . Valbuena grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Huff pitching for Indians . Kennedy grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Francisco safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Crosby . Cabrera grounded out to second , Francisco to second . Sizemore walked . Martinez flied out to left . Choo singled to center , Francisco scored , Sizemore to third . Hafner walked , Choo to second . Peralta safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Crosby , Sizemore and Choo scored , Hafner to third . Garko grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Huff pitching for Indians . Giambi doubled to deep center . Suzuki reached on bunt single to third , Giambi to third . Garciaparra popped out to second . Cust singled to left , Giambi scored , Suzuki to second . Sweeney grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Cust out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Valbuena grounded out to second . Francisco walked . Cabrera doubled to deep right , Francisco scored , Cabrera to third advancing on throw . Sizemore walked . Martinez struck out swinging . Sizemore stole second . Choo doubled to deep left , Cabrera and Sizemore scored . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Choo stole third . Hafner walked . Peralta singled to center , Choo scored , Hafner to second . Garko lined out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Huff pitching for Indians . Crosby safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Peralta . Kennedy safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera , Crosby to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kennedy out at second , Crosby to third . Holliday walked . Giambi popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Valbuena singled to center . Francisco singled to center , Valbuena to second . Cabrera doubled to deep center , Valbuena and Francisco scored . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Sizemore walked . Martinez fouled out to first . Choo homered to center , Cabrera and Sizemore scored . Hafner flied out to center . Peralta flied out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Huff pitching for Indians . Suzuki lined out to pitcher . Garciaparra singled to deep left . Cust lined out to second . Sweeney doubled to deep right center , Garciaparra to third . Crosby lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Springer pitching for Athletics . Kennedy at first base . Ellis at second base . Garko flied out to left . Valbuena struck out swinging . Francisco doubled to deep left . Cabrera walked . Sizemore doubled to deep right , Francisco scored , Cabrera to third . Martinez flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Indians . Kennedy singled to right center . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Kennedy to second . Holliday struck out swinging . Giambi flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Buck in left field . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Choo homered to right . Hafner popped out to second . Peralta struck out swinging . Garko grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Gimenez in left field . Francisco in center field . Suzuki struck out swinging . Ellis grounded out to third . Cust grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Ed Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Powell catching . Valbuena flied out to center . Francisco singled to center . Cabrera struck out swinging . Gimenez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Gosling pitching for Indians . Sweeney singled to right . Crosby lined out to right . Davis hit for Kennedy . Davis singled to left center , Sweeney to second . Cabrera flied out to center , Sweeney to third . Buck grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 3 - Indians 15 .	Choo has 7 RBIs as Tribe post 15 runs in win