Indians - Top 1st . Berken pitching for Orioles . Sizemore grounded out to second . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Choo struck out swinging . Peralta singled to left , Cabrera scored . Hafner struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Roberts struck out swinging . Pie struck out looking . Reimold grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Berken pitching for Orioles . Valbuena doubled to deep left . LaPorta grounded out to shortstop , Valbuena to third . Marte hit sacrifice fly to center , Valbuena scored . Toregas flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Markakis reached on infield single to shortstop . Mora flied out to center . Scott singled to right , Markakis to second . Wieters doubled to deep left center , Markakis scored , Scott to third . Wigginton grounded out to third . Izturis singled to right , Scott scored , Wieters to third . Roberts grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Berken pitching for Orioles . Sizemore hit by pitch . Cabrera singled to right , Sizemore to second . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second , Sizemore to third . Choo stole second . Peralta struck out looking . Hafner intentionally walked . Valbuena flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Pie flied out to center . Reimold walked . Reimold stole second . Markakis lined out to center , Reimold to third . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Berken pitching for Orioles . LaPorta grounded out to shortstop . Marte lined out to center . Toregas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Scott doubled to deep left . Wieters singled to right , Scott scored . Wigginton walked , Wieters to second . Izturis sacrificed to catcher , Wieters to third , Wigginton to second . Roberts grounded out to second , Wieters scored , Wigginton to third . Pie doubled to left center , Wigginton scored . Reimold struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Sizemore struck out looking . Cabrera walked . Choo singled to left , Cabrera to second . Peralta struck out swinging . Hafner walked , Cabrera to third , Choo to second . Valbuena lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Markakis reached on infield single to second . Mora grounded into double play , third to second to first , Markakis out at second . Scott walked . Wieters hit by pitch , Scott to second . Wigginton singled to center , Scott scored , Wieters to second . Lewis pitching for Indians . Izturis flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Meredith pitching for Orioles . LaPorta homered to left . Marte walked . Toregas grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Marte out at second . Sizemore grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Roberts struck out swinging . Pie homered to right . Reimold walked . Markakis flied out to left . Mora walked , Reimold to second . Scott walked , Reimold to third , Mora to second . Wieters singled to right , Reimold and Mora scored , Scott to third , Wieters thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Cabrera flied out to center . Choo singled to center . Peralta popped out to second . Hafner walked , Choo to second . Valbuena grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hafner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Todd pitching for Indians . Wigginton singled to left . Izturis flied out to right . Roberts struck out looking . Pie singled to deep center , Wigginton scored . Andino ran for Pie . Reimold singled to left , Andino to second . Markakis homered to right , Andino and Reimold scored . Mora grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Andino in center field . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . LaPorta lined out to left . Marte singled to left . Toregas singled to left , Marte to second . Sizemore grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Toregas out at second , Marte to third . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sizemore out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Gimenez in right field . Sipp pitching for Indians . Scott struck out swinging . Wieters flied out to right . Wigginton lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Mickolio pitching for Orioles . Wigginton at second base . Gimenez singled to center . Peralta hit ground rule double to deep center , Gimenez to third . Shoppach hit for Hafner . Shoppach hit sacrifice fly to right , Gimenez scored . Valbuena flied out to center . LaPorta singled to left , Peralta to third . Marte grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - Orioles 13 .	Wieters , Markakis lead young Orioles to victory