Indians - Top 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Sizemore grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera grounded out to second . Choo singled to right . Choo to second on wild pitch by Porcello . Peralta singled to left , Choo scored advancing on play . Peralta out stretching at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Laffey pitching for Indians . Raburn struck out swinging . Polanco singled to left . Ordonez reached on infield single to second , Polanco to second , Polanco to third on throwing error by second baseman Valbuena . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right , Polanco scored . Thames flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Hafner grounded out to shortstop . Valbuena grounded out to second . Marte grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Laffey pitching for Indians . Inge flied out to center . Ramirez walked . Laird grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Brantley lined out to pitcher . Toregas flied out to center . Sizemore reached on infield single to second . Sizemore picked off first . Cabrera batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Laffey pitching for Indians . Everett struck out swinging . Raburn reached on infield single to third . Polanco lined out to third . Ordonez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Cabrera reached on infield single to third . Choo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Cabrera walked . Thames singled to left , Cabrera to second . Inge hits groundball to third , safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Peralta , Cabrera to third , Thames to second ; Cabrera scored , Thames to third on throwing error by Peralta . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to center , Thames scored . Laird grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Inge out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Hafner flied out to left . Valbuena grounded out to second . Marte flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Everett walked . Raburn grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Everett out at second . Polanco safe at first on error by third baseman Peralta . Ordonez singled to center , Polanco to second . Cabrera walked , Polanco to third , Ordonez to second . Thames struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Brantley lined out to right . Toregas struck out swinging . Sizemore flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Inge grounded out to third . Ramirez singled to left . Laird grounded out to third , Ramirez to second . Everett grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Raburn in left field . Granderson in center field . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Cabrera grounded out to second . Choo grounded out to first . Peralta flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . Polanco doubled to deep left . Perez pitching for Indians . Ordonez singled to right , Polanco scored . Thomas ran for Ordonez . Cabrera singled to left , Thomas to second . Huff hit for Thames . Huff struck out swinging . Inge flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Thomas in right field . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Hafner homered to right . Seay pitching for Tigers . Valbuena grounded out to second . Marte struck out swinging . Brantley singled to left . LaPorta hit for Toregas . Lyon pitching for Tigers . LaPorta struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Shoppach catching . Perez pitching for Indians . Granderson flied out to left . Laird safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . Everett lined out to third . Raburn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Sizemore walked . Cabrera grounded out to first , Sizemore to second . Choo singled to right , Sizemore to third . Peralta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 2 - Tigers 4 .	Tigers take advantage of Indians ' errors to win