Indians - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Brantley flied out to left . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera walked . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Sowers pitching for Indians . Davis struck out swinging . Ellis homered to left . Suzuki doubled to deep center . Garciaparra singled to left , Suzuki to third . Hairston singled to right , Suzuki scored , Garciaparra to second . Crosby singled to left , Garciaparra scored , Hairston to second . Barton singled to shallow right center , Hairston to third , Crosby to second . Carson flied out to right . Pennington reached on infield single to shortstop , Hairston scored , Crosby to third , Barton to second . Davis flied out to center . 4 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Peralta popped out to first . Hafner struck out swinging . LaPorta singled to left . Shoppach grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LaPorta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Sowers pitching for Indians . Ellis walked . Suzuki singled to right , Ellis to second . Garciaparra singled to left , Ellis to third , Suzuki to second . Ohka pitching for Indians . Ellis scored , Suzuki to third , Garciaparra to second on wild pitch by Ohka . Hairston popped out to first . Crosby grounded out to shortstop , Suzuki scored , Garciaparra to third . Barton walked . Carson fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Crowe grounded out to third . Brantley walked . Carroll struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Ohka pitching for Indians . Pennington flied out to left . Davis grounded out to first . Ellis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Choo doubled to right . Peralta walked . Hafner lined out to shortstop . LaPorta walked , Choo to third , Peralta to second . Shoppach safe at second on error by third baseman Crosby , Choo and Peralta scored , LaPorta to third . Crowe grounded out to third , LaPorta scored . Brantley walked . Kilby pitching for Athletics . Carroll popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Ohka pitching for Indians . Suzuki homered to center . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . Hairston flied out to left . Crosby flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Kilby pitching for Athletics . Cabrera struck out swinging . Choo struck out looking . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Ohka pitching for Indians . Barton singled to center , Barton to second on error by center fielder Brantley . Carson singled to right , Barton to third . Pennington singled to left , Barton scored , Carson to second . Davis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pennington out at second , Carson to third . Ellis fouled out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Kilby pitching for Athletics . Hafner flied out to left . LaPorta singled to center . Gray pitching for Athletics . Shoppach grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LaPorta out at second . Crowe reached on infield single to third , Shoppach to second . Brantley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Suzuki walked . Garciaparra struck out swinging . Hairston flied out to center . Crosby singled to left , Suzuki to second . Barton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Carroll singled to left . Cabrera singled to right , Carroll to second . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Choo struck out looking . Peralta flied out to left . Hafner grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Perez pitching for Indians . Carson singled to center . Pennington grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Carson out at second . Davis doubled to left . Ellis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . LaPorta grounded out to second . Shoppach singled to center . Crowe singled to left , Shoppach to second . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Crowe out at second , Shoppach to third . Carroll singled to left , Shoppach scored , Brantley to second . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Carroll out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Wood pitching for Indians . Suzuki flied out to center . Garciaparra flied out to center . Hairston struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Choo walked . Peralta struck out swinging . Hafner fouled out to third . Choo to second on fielder 's indifference . LaPorta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - Athletics 8 .	A 's win 6th straight ; Ellis sets franchise mark