Indians - Top 1st . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Brantley singled to left center . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brantley out at second . Carroll stole second . Cabrera flied out to left . Choo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Kennedy flied out to center . Davis flied out to right . Sweeney flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Peralta struck out looking . Hafner grounded out to second . LaPorta doubled to deep left . Crowe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Suzuki hit by pitch . Cust singled to right , Suzuki to second . Ellis singled to shallow right center , Suzuki to third , Cust to second . Barton hit sacrifice fly to center , Suzuki scored . Hairston singled to center , Cust to third , Ellis to second . Pennington safe at first on error by left fielder Crowe , Cust scored , Ellis to third , Hairston to second . Kennedy singled to center , Ellis scored , Hairston to third , Pennington to second . Davis singled to right , Hairston scored , Pennington to third , Kennedy to second . Sweeney grounded out to pitcher , Pennington scored , Kennedy to third , Davis to second . Suzuki grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 3rd . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Toregas struck out looking . Brantley doubled to deep left center . Carroll fouled out to first . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Cust grounded out to first . Ellis popped out to second . Barton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Choo walked . Peralta grounded out to second , Choo to second . Hafner singled to left , Choo scored . LaPorta flied out to right . Crowe grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Hairston grounded out to second . Pennington struck out swinging . Kennedy doubled to right . Davis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Eveland pitching for Athletics . Toregas grounded out to pitcher . Brantley grounded out to first . Carroll walked . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Carroll to second . Choo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Sweeney grounded out to first . Suzuki grounded out to third . Cust struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Peralta walked . Hafner fouled out to third . LaPorta flied out to right . Crowe tripled to center , Peralta scored . Toregas flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Ellis flied out to right . Barton walked . Hairston doubled to left , Barton thrown out at home . Pennington doubled to deep right , Hairston scored . Kennedy homered to right , Pennington scored . Davis singled to center . Sipp pitching for Indians . Sweeney doubled to deep left center , Davis scored . Suzuki struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Brantley walked . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Brantley out at second . Cabrera doubled to deep left , Carroll to third . Choo hit sacrifice fly to center , Carroll scored , Cabrera to third . Peralta fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Cust singled to right . Patterson ran for Cust . Ellis flied out to right . Barton singled to right center , Patterson to third . Hairston hit sacrifice fly to center , Patterson scored . Pennington struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Meloan pitching for Athletics . Hafner struck out swinging . LaPorta popped out to second . Crowe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Gosling pitching for Indians . Kennedy grounded out to first . Davis safe at first on error by pitcher Gosling . Sweeney singled to left , Davis to second . Suzuki struck out swinging . Carson hit for Patterson . Carson singled to left center , Davis scored , Sweeney to second . Ellis popped out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 9th . Meloan pitching for Athletics . Toregas walked . Brantley reached on infield single to catcher , Toregas to second , Toregas to third , Brantley to second on throwing error by catcher Suzuki . Marte hit for Carroll . Marte struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to first , Toregas scored , Brantley to third . Choo fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - Athletics 11 .	Eveland powers A 's to seventh victory in a row