White Sox - Top 1st . Laffey pitching for Indians . Wise reached on infield single to second . Beckham flied out to center . Quentin struck out swinging . Wise caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Carroll flied out to center . Cabrera grounded out to third . Choo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Laffey pitching for Indians . Konerko flied out to right . Rios singled to center . Fields singled to right , Rios to second . Flowers singled to center , Rios to third , Fields to second . Nix struck out looking . Lillibridge reached on infield single to third , Rios scored , Fields to third , Flowers to second . Wise hit by pitch , Fields scored , Flowers to third , Lillibridge to second . Beckham reached on infield single to second , Flowers scored , Lillibridge to third , Wise to second . Quentin struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Peralta popped out to shortstop . Hafner grounded out to first . LaPorta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Laffey pitching for Indians . Konerko struck out swinging . Rios grounded out to shortstop . Fields walked . Flowers struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Marte struck out looking . Marson walked . Crowe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Marson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Nix flied out to right . Lillibridge grounded out to shortstop . Wise grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Carroll flied out to center . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Choo doubled to left . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Beckham grounded out to pitcher . Quentin lined out to shortstop . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Hafner struck out swinging . LaPorta grounded out to second . Marte flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Rios grounded out to shortstop . Fields singled to center . Flowers grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fields out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Marson struck out swinging . Crowe grounded out to pitcher . Carroll singled to left . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Nix lined out to center . Lillibridge reached on infield single to shortstop . Wise lined out to left . Beckham flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Choo homered to right . Peralta grounded out to second . Hafner safe at first on error by shortstop Lillibridge . LaPorta grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hafner out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 8th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Quentin flied out to center . Konerko walked . Rios walked , Konerko to second . Veras pitching for Indians . Fields grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rios out at second , Konerko to third . Flowers walked , Fields to second . Nix struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Marte popped out to first . Marson struck out looking . Crowe grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Lillibridge walked . Wise singled to right , Lillibridge to third . Beckham doubled to deep center , Lillibridge and Wise scored . Quentin grounded out to third . Konerko singled to center , Beckham to third , Konerko to second on throwing error by center fielder Crowe . G Beckham scored , Konerko to third on throwing error by catcher Marson . Rios grounded out to third . Fields struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Carroll struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to third . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Indians 1 .	White Sox 's Danks goes nine , tops Indians