Indians - Top 1st . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Brantley doubled to deep right center . Carroll struck out looking . Choo flied out to right , Brantley to third . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Sowers pitching for Indians . Ellsbury doubled to right . Ellsbury stole third , Ellsbury scored on throwing error by catcher Shoppach . Pedroia grounded out to first . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Youkilis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 2nd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Hafner flied out to right . LaPorta popped out to second . Valbuena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Sowers pitching for Indians . Bay grounded out to third . Lowell flied out to center . Baldelli fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Shoppach grounded out to shortstop . Crowe flied out to center . Brantley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Sowers pitching for Indians . Varitek doubled to deep center . Gonzalez hit by pitch . Ellsbury walked , Varitek to third , Gonzalez to second . Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to center , Varitek scored . Martinez singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Ellsbury to second . Ellsbury caught stealing third , catcher to third . Youkilis walked , Martinez to second . Bay doubled to deep left , Martinez scored , Youkilis to third . Lowell flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Carroll flied out to left . Choo struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Todd pitching for Indians . Baldelli safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Peralta . Varitek popped out to third . Reddick ran for Baldelli . Gonzalez lined into double play , third to first , Reddick doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 5th . Reddick in right field . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Hafner doubled to deep right . LaPorta lined out to third . Hafner to third on wild pitch by Matsuzaka . Valbuena singled to center , Hafner scored . Valbuena stole second . Shoppach walked . Crowe singled to right , Valbuena scored , Shoppach to second . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Crowe out at second , Shoppach to third . Carroll walked , Brantley to second . Choo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Todd pitching for Indians . Ellsbury flied out to center . Pedroia flied out to center . Martinez singled to center . Youkilis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Peralta grounded out to second . Hafner walked . LaPorta struck out swinging . Valbuena singled to center , Hafner to second . Shoppach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Todd pitching for Indians . Bay singled to center . Lowell singled to center , Bay to second . Sipp pitching for Indians . Anderson hit for Reddick . Anderson lined into double play , third to second , Bay doubled off second . Varitek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Anderson in right field . Wagner pitching for Red Sox . Crowe struck out swinging . Brantley struck out looking . Ramirez pitching for Red Sox . Carroll reached on infield single to second . Choo walked , Carroll to second . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Ellsbury safe at first on error by first baseman LaPorta . Pedroia walked , Ellsbury to second . Martinez flied out to left . Veras pitching for Indians . Youkilis doubled to deep center , Ellsbury and Pedroia scored . Bay lined out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 8th . Ramirez pitching for Red Sox . Hafner grounded out to first . LaPorta safe at second on error by third baseman Youkilis , LaPorta advanced to first on Youkilis error , LaPorta tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . Valbuena tripled to deep right . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Shoppach grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Wood pitching for Indians . Lowell walked . Kottaras ran for Lowell . Anderson struck out looking . Varitek flied out to right . Gonzalez hit by pitch , Kottaras to second . Lowrie ran for Gonzalez . Ellsbury walked , Kottaras to third , Lowrie to second . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Lowrie at shortstop . Saito pitching for Red Sox . Crowe flied out to center . Brantley fouled out to third . Carroll singled to deep left . Carroll to second on fielder 's indifference . Choo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 2 - Red Sox 6 .	Dice - K helps Red Sox roll in October tuneup