Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Lopez doubled to deep center . Parra singled to left , Lopez to third . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lopez out at home , Upton to second , Parra to second , Parra to third advancing on throw . Drew hit sacrifice fly to center , Parra scored . Reynolds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera struck out swinging . Suzuki doubled to deep right center . Cust homered to center , Suzuki scored . Holliday singled to left . Giambi popped out to third . Holliday stole second . Garciaparra struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Montero fouled out to left . Byrnes struck out swinging . Tracy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Kennedy singled to left . Sweeney grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kennedy out at second . Hannahan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Young grounded out to shortstop . Lopez grounded out to first . Parra flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera lined out to second . Suzuki fouled out to third . Cust reached on bunt single to pitcher . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Upton struck out swinging . Drew singled to center . Reynolds struck out swinging . Montero hit by pitch , Drew to second . Byrnes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Montero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Giambi homered to right . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy homered to right center . Sweeney popped out to shortstop . Hannahan struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Tracy popped out to shortstop . Young flied out to left . Lopez singled to right center . Roberts ran for Lopez . Parra grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Roberts at second base . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki lined out to right . Cust grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Upton walked . Drew walked , Upton to second . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Upton out at third , Drew to second . Montero flied out to right , Drew to third . Byrnes walked , Reynolds to second . Tracy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday popped out to second . Giambi lined out to right . Garciaparra homered to left center . Kennedy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Young grounded out to shortstop . Roberts grounded out to second . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney grounded out to first . Hannahan doubled to deep left center . Cabrera grounded out to second , Hannahan to third . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Springer pitching for Athletics . Davis in center field . Sweeney in right field . Upton singled to center . Drew singled to center , Upton to second . Reynolds singled to left , Upton to third , Drew to second . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Montero fouled out to third . Byrnes singled to deep left , Upton and Drew scored , Reynolds to second . Tracy doubled to deep right center , Reynolds and Byrnes scored . Young struck out swinging . Roberts struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Buck hit for Davis . Buck flied out to left . Holliday flied out to center . Giambi popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Buck in right field . Sweeney in center field . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Parra flied out to right . Upton doubled to deep center . Drew struck out swinging . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Garciaparra struck out swinging . Kennedy walked . Kennedy caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Sweeney grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Montero singled to center . Byrnes struck out swinging . Tracy lined into double play , shortstop to first , Montero doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 10th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Hannahan struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to left . Suzuki singled to center . Buck struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 11th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics . Young struck out looking . Roberts singled to left . Parra grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Roberts out at second . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Upton singled to left , Parra to second . Drew singled to center , Parra scored , Upton to third . Reynolds doubled to deep right center , Upton and Drew scored . Montero intentionally walked . Byrnes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Montero out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 11th . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday grounded out to third . Giambi reached on infield single to third . Garciaparra singled to center , Giambi to second . Kennedy doubled to deep center , Giambi scored , Garciaparra to third . Sweeney reached on infield single to third , Garciaparra scored , Kennedy to third . Hannahan grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sweeney out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Athletics 7 .	D - backs tip A 's in 11