Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Outman pitching for Athletics . Roberts flied out to center . Parra walked . Upton doubled to left , Parra to third . Drew grounded out to shortstop , Parra scored . Reynolds grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy singled to shallow center . Cust flied out to left . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kennedy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Outman pitching for Athletics . Snyder flied out to left . Byrnes doubled to left . Ojeda flied out to center . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Giambi grounded out to first . Sweeney singled to center . Buck bunt grounded out to pitcher , Sweeney to second . Crosby walked . Powell walked , Sweeney to third , Crosby to second . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Outman pitching for Athletics . Roberts flied out to right . Parra lined out to left . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop . Drew grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Kennedy struck out swinging . Cust flied out to left . Holliday singled to right . Giambi walked , Holliday to second . Sweeney flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Outman pitching for Athletics . Reynolds walked . Snyder walked , Reynolds to second . Byrnes popped out to shortstop . Ojeda grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Snyder out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Buck popped out to shortstop . Crosby grounded out to third . Powell grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Outman pitching for Athletics . Young popped out to second . Roberts grounded out to pitcher . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop . Cust doubled to center . Holliday intentionally walked . Giambi flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Outman pitching for Athletics . Upton fouled out to catcher . Drew walked . Reynolds grounded into double play , third to second to first , Drew out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Garland pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney singled to center . Buck popped out to third . Crosby singled to right , Sweeney to third . Sweeney scored , Crosby to second on wild pitch by Garland . Powell homered to right , Crosby scored . Cabrera popped out to second . Kennedy lined out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Outman pitching for Athletics . Snyder walked . Byrnes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Snyder out at second . Ojeda bunt grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Cust struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Giambi homered to right . Sweeney popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Hannahan at third base . Crosby at first base . Outman pitching for Athletics . Young singled to right . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Young safe at third on error by shortstop Cabrera . Parra grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Young scored , Roberts out at second . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Upton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Buck flied out to left . Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Crosby flied out to center . Powell walked . Cabrera singled to center , Powell to second . Powell to third , Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Vasquez . Kennedy singled to left , Powell and Cabrera scored , Kennedy thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Drew grounded out to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . Tracy hit for Snyder . Tracy reached on infield single to third . Montero hit for Byrnes . Montero singled to right , Tracy to third . Ojeda flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Athletics 6 .	Outman , ' pen limit D - backs ' lineup as A 's cruise