Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Lopez singled to center . Drew fouled out to third . Upton singled to right , Lopez to third . Reynolds popped out to catcher , Lopez scored , Upton to second on throwing error by catcher Johnson . Parra struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks . Suzuki lined out to left . Branyan struck out looking . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Montero grounded out to first . Byrnes flied out to right . Snyder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney flied out to center . Gutierrez grounded out to third . Balentien singled to shallow left . Woodward singled to center , Balentien to second . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Roberts flied out to center . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Drew lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks . Betancourt walked . Suzuki singled to center , Betancourt to second , Betancourt scored , Suzuki to second on error by center fielder Parra . Branyan grounded out to first , Suzuki to third . Beltre struck out swinging . Sweeney lined out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Upton lined out to center . Reynolds struck out looking . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Balentien homered to left . Woodward reached on infield single to pitcher . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Woodward out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Montero popped out to shortstop . Byrnes struck out swinging . Snyder flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki popped out to shortstop . Branyan singled to right center . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Lopez lined out to right . Drew flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney singled to right . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Balentien flied out to center , Sweeney to second . Woodward walked . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Upton homered to left . Reynolds grounded out to pitcher . Parra grounded out to second . Montero popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks . Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop . Suzuki reached on infield single to second , Betancourt to third . Zavada pitching for Diamondbacks . Branyan hit by pitch , Suzuki to second . Cedeno hit for Beltre . Cedeno bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Betancourt out at home , Suzuki to third , Branyan to second . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney hit sacrifice fly to left , Suzuki scored . Gutierrez singled to center , Branyan scored , Cedeno to second . Balentien struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Cedeno at second base . Woodward at third base . White pitching for Mariners . Byrnes struck out swinging . Snyder grounded out to third . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks . Woodward safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Roberts . Woodward to second on wild pitch by Boyer . Johnson walked . Betancourt doubled to deep center , Woodward and Johnson scored . Suzuki reached on bunt single to third , Betancourt to third . Branyan grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Betancourt scored , Suzuki out at second . Cedeno grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . White pitching for Mariners . Lopez walked . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lopez safe at third on error by second baseman Cedeno . Upton singled to right , Lopez scored , Drew to second . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Reynolds struck out swinging . Parra struck out swinging . Montero fouled out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Mariners 7 .	Vargas retires 17 straight as M 's drop D - backs