Pirates - Top 1st . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen doubled to deep left . Sanchez struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . McCutchen to third on wild pitch by Davis . Doumit popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Drew singled to right . Parra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Drew out at second . Upton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Parra out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Pearce struck out swinging . LaRoche singled to left . LaRoche to second on balk by Davis . Moss grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , LaRoche out at third . Wilson walked , Moss to second . Ohlendorf singled to center , Moss thrown out at home , Wilson to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Reynolds doubled to deep center . Montero flied out to center . Reynolds caught stealing third , pitcher to third to shortstop . Tracy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen walked . Sanchez struck out looking . Jones grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , McCutchen out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Romero flied out to left . Ojeda doubled to left , Ojeda out stretching at third . Davis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Doumit struck out swinging . Pearce doubled to deep center . LaRoche grounded out to shortstop , Pearce to third . Moss grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Drew doubled to deep right . Parra sacrificed to third , Drew to third . Upton homered to left center , Drew scored . Reynolds walked . Montero doubled to deep left center , Reynolds to third . Tracy grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Montero out at home , Reynolds scored , Tracy to second on throwing error by first baseman Pearce . Romero grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 5th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson grounded out to third . Ohlendorf struck out swinging . McCutchen lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Ojeda flied out to right . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez struck out swinging . Jones singled to right . Doumit struck out swinging . Jones to second on wild pitch by Davis . Pearce walked . LaRoche flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Parra flied out to left . Upton walked . Reynolds grounded into double play , third to second to first , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks . Moss grounded out to first . Wilson flied out to left . Salazar hit for Ohlendorf . Salazar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Meek pitching for Pirates . Montero struck out swinging . Tracy grounded out to first . Romero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen grounded out to pitcher . Sanchez lined out to third . Jones singled to center . Doumit reached on infield single to shortstop , Jones to second . Pearce grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at third , Doumit to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Meek pitching for Pirates . Ojeda doubled to right . Whitesell hit for Rauch . Whitesell grounded out to first , Ojeda to third . Drew walked . Parra singled to left , Ojeda scored , Drew to second . Upton singled to left , Drew scored , Parra to second , Parra scored , Upton to third on error by left fielder Moss . Reynolds popped out to second . Montero doubled to deep right , Upton scored . Veal pitching for Pirates . Tracy grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 9th . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . LaRoche flied out to right . Moss grounded out to second . Wilson safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds . Young hit for Veal . Young singled to right , Wilson to second . McCutchen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 0 - Diamondbacks 7 .	Upton 's HR lifts Davis as D - backs blank Pirates