Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Martin pitching for Nationals . Oeltjen homered to right . Roberts flied out to center . Drew flied out to left . Reynolds fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Petit pitching for Diamondbacks . Morgan flied out to left . Guzman struck out swinging . Zimmerman hit ground rule double to deep center . Dunn homered to right center , Zimmerman scored . Willingham doubled to left . Dukes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Willingham out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Martin pitching for Nationals . Tracy grounded out to first . Snyder flied out to right . Romero lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Petit pitching for Diamondbacks . Bard grounded out to third . Gonzalez doubled to deep right center . Martin singled to left , Gonzalez to third . Morgan struck out swinging . Guzman popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Martin pitching for Nationals . Young popped out to second . Petit struck out swinging . Oeltjen reached on infield single to second . Oeltjen caught stealing second , catcher to second . Roberts batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Petit pitching for Diamondbacks . Zimmerman doubled to deep left center . Dunn popped out to shortstop . Willingham intentionally walked . Willingham picked off first . Zimmerman to third on wild pitch by Petit . Dukes singled to left , Zimmerman scored , Dukes to second on throwing error by left fielder Oeltjen . Bard grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Martin pitching for Nationals . Roberts flied out to center . Drew flied out to center . Reynolds walked . Tracy singled to center , Reynolds to second . Snyder flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Petit pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez flied out to center . Martin struck out swinging . Morgan singled to left . Morgan stole second . Guzman reached on infield single to third , Morgan scored on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds . Zimmerman flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Martin pitching for Nationals . Romero singled to right center . Young doubled to left , Romero to third . Whitesell hit for Petit . Whitesell popped out to third . Oeltjen grounded out to pitcher . Roberts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Zavada pitching for Diamondbacks . Dunn grounded out to first . Willingham popped out to shortstop . Dukes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Drew walked . Reynolds walked , Drew to second . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Tracy flied out to left . Snyder grounded into double play , third to second to first , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Zavada pitching for Diamondbacks . Bard singled to left . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Padilla hit for Bergmann . Padilla singled to right center , Bard to second . Morgan walked , Bard to third , Padilla to second . Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks . Montero catching . Guzman walked , Bard scored , Padilla to third , Morgan to second . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Padilla out at home , Morgan to third , Guzman to second . Dunn struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Villone pitching for Nationals . Romero singled to center . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Romero out at second . Montero singled to center . Oeltjen singled to right , Montero to second . Sosa pitching for Nationals . Belliard at first base . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks . Willingham lined out to shortstop . Dukes flied out to center . Bard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Sosa pitching for Nationals . Drew flied out to right . Reynolds homered to left . Tracy singled to left . Parra hit for Rosales . Parra grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tracy out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Schoeneweis pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to right . Belliard grounded out to third , Gonzalez to second . Morgan singled to center , Gonzalez scored . Morgan stole second . Guzman singled to center , Morgan scored on error by center fielder Young . Zimmerman singled to center , Guzman to second . Sosa sacrificed to catcher , Guzman to third , Zimmerman to second . Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks . Willingham walked . Dukes singled to center , Guzman and Zimmerman scored , Willingham to third . Bard popped out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Harris in left field . Sosa pitching for Nationals . Romero fouled out to third . Young struck out swinging . Montero grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Nationals 9 .	Dukes ' 3 RBIs pace Nats to 8th straight win