Brewers - Top 1st . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Lopez doubled to right center . Cameron flied out to right . Braun homered to right , Lopez scored . Fielder singled to center . McGehee singled to right center , Fielder to second . Hart flied out to right . Escobar lined out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Looper pitching for Brewers . Roberts struck out looking . Drew singled to center . Upton flied out to right . Reynolds singled to right center , Drew to third . Montero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Kendall flied out to right . Looper grounded out to shortstop . Lopez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Looper pitching for Brewers . Young singled to left . Parra grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Young out at second . Allen doubled to deep left center . Davis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Cameron doubled to deep left center . Braun doubled to deep right center , Cameron scored . Fielder struck out swinging . McGehee singled to left , Braun scored , McGehee out stretching at second . Hart struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Looper pitching for Brewers . Roberts grounded out to second . Drew struck out swinging . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Escobar singled to right . Kendall singled to right , Escobar to second . Looper singled to left , Escobar to third , Kendall to second . Lopez singled to center , Escobar scored , Kendall to third , Looper to second . Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks . Cameron grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kendall out at home , Looper to third , Lopez to second . Braun lined out to second . Fielder grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Looper pitching for Brewers . Reynolds flied out to left . Montero grounded out to first . Young walked . Parra doubled to deep right center , Young scored . Allen grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks . McGehee doubled to deep center . Hart flied out to center , McGehee to third . Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center , McGehee scored . Kendall struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Byrnes hit for Rosales . Looper pitching for Brewers . Byrnes popped out to first . Roberts grounded out to third . Drew popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Petit pitching for Diamondbacks . Looper struck out swinging . Lopez flied out to left . Cameron flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Looper pitching for Brewers . Upton homered to right . Reynolds flied out to center . Montero singled to right . Young popped out to second . Parra singled to right , Montero to third . Weathers pitching for Brewers . Allen hit ground rule double to deep left center , Montero scored , Parra to third . Tracy hit for Petit . Tracy walked . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tracy out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Schlereth pitching for Diamondbacks . Braun grounded out to shortstop . Fielder lined out to shortstop . McGehee grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Weathers pitching for Brewers . Drew flied out to right . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop , Upton out stretching at second . Reynolds doubled to deep left . Montero grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Hart doubled to deep center . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to first to third , Hart out at third . Kendall struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Vargas pitching for Brewers . Young popped out to shortstop . Parra flied out to left . Allen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Schoeneweis pitching for Diamondbacks . Bourgeois hit for Vargas . Bourgeois grounded out to third . Lopez popped out to second . Cameron walked . Braun fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Hoffman pitching for Brewers . Oeltjen hit for Schoeneweis . Oeltjen flied out to left . Roberts flied out to center . Drew grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 6 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Braun 's 100th career HR helps lift Brewers \n\n