Rockies - Top 1st . Wood pitching for Giants . Hampson lined out to right . McMahon struck out swinging . Story grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . La Stella grounded out to first . Belt grounded out to second . Longoria flied out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Wood pitching for Giants . Cron struck out swinging . Blackmon flied out to center . Daza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Dickerson singled to left . Crawford struck out swinging . Ruf walked , Dickerson to second . Tauchman singled to left , Ruf to second , Dickerson to third . Casali walked , Dickerson scored , Tauchman to second , Ruf to third . Wood struck out looking . La Stella walked , Ruf scored , Casali to second , Tauchman to third . Belt singled to center , Casali scored and Tauchman scored , La Stella to second . Longoria lined out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Wood pitching for Giants . Fuentes struck out swinging . Díaz grounded out to second . Márquez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Dickerson grounded out to second . Crawford struck out swinging . Ruf struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Wood pitching for Giants . Hampson grounded out to pitcher . McMahon grounded out to second . Story lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Tauchman reached on infield single to third . Casali flied out to right . Wood sacrificed to first , Tauchman to second . La Stella reached first base on catcher 's interference , La Stella to first on error by catcher Díaz . Belt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 5th . Wood pitching for Giants . Cron lined out to center . Blackmon walked . Daza struck out swinging . Fuentes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Bowden pitching for Rockies . Longoria singled to left . Dickerson popped out to third . Crawford struck out looking . Ruf walked , Longoria to second . Ruf to second on passed ball by Díaz , Longoria to third on passed ball by Díaz . Tauchman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Wood pitching for Giants . Díaz struck out swinging . Trejo hit for Bowden . Trejo struck out looking . Hampson doubled to right . McMahon lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Sheffield pitching for Rockies . Casali grounded out to third . Wood walked . La Stella singled to right , Wood to second . Wood caught stealing third , pitcher to third . Belt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Wood pitching for Giants . Story walked . Cron singled to second , Story to second . Blackmon reached on infield single to pitcher , Cron to second , Story to third . Daza singled to shallow right , Story scored , Blackmon to second , Cron to third . Doval pitching for Giants . Fuentes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cron scored , Daza out at second , Blackmon to third . Díaz walked . Tapia hit for Sheffield . Tapia grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Almonte pitching for Rockies . Longoria walked . Dickerson singled to center , Longoria to second . Slater ran for Dickerson . Slater to second on wild pitch by Almonte , Longoria to third on wild pitch by Almonte . Crawford walked . Ruf struck out swinging . Tauchman reached on infield single to shortstop , Longoria scored , Crawford to second , Slater to third . Casali walked , Slater scored , Tauchman to second , Crawford to third . Kinley pitching for Rockies . Flores hit for Doval . Flores singled to deep right , Crawford scored , Casali to second , Flores thrown out at second , Tauchman to third . La Stella struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Baragar pitching for Giants . Slater in right field . Bolt in left field . Flores at second base . Hampson flied out to left . McMahon singled to right center . Story flied out to right . Cron walked , McMahon to second . Blackmon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Kinley pitching for Rockies . Belt walked . Longoria flied out to right . Slater grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Belt out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Wisler pitching for Giants . Daza lined out to third . Fuentes singled to left . Díaz doubled to deep left center , Fuentes scored . Hilliard hit for Kinley . Hilliard struck out swinging . Hampson popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 3 - Giants 7 .	Tauchman has 3 hits in SF debut , Giants beat Rockies 7 - 3