Nationals - Top 1st . DeSclafani pitching for Giants . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Turner singled to right . Turner to second on wild pitch by DeSclafani . Soto struck out swinging . Bell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Lester pitching for Nationals . Slater flied out to center . Flores walked . Yastrzemski reached on infield single to second , Flores to second . Ruf safe at first on fielding error by left fielder Parra , Yastrzemski safe at second on error , Flores safe at third on error . Solano singled to left , Flores scored , Ruf to second , Yastrzemski to third . Crawford hit sacrifice fly to left , Yastrzemski scored . Bart reached on infield single to pitcher , Solano to second , Ruf to third . Estrada reached on infield single to catcher , Ruf scored , Bart to second , Solano to third . DeSclafani grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Estrada out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . DeSclafani pitching for Giants . Castro singled to right . Parra popped out to shortstop . Barrera struck out swinging . Robles grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Lester pitching for Nationals . Slater struck out swinging . Flores grounded out to second . Yastrzemski flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . DeSclafani pitching for Giants . Lester grounded out to second . Escobar struck out swinging . Turner walked . Soto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Lester pitching for Nationals . Ruf hit ground rule double to deep center . Solano safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Castro . Crawford singled to center , Ruf scored , Solano to second . Bart singled to right center , Solano scored , Crawford to third . Estrada reached on infield single to catcher , Crawford scored , Bart to second . DeSclafani sacrificed to catcher , Estrada to second , Bart to third . Slater singled to left , Bart scored , Estrada to third . Slater stole second . Flores walked . Yastrzemski hit sacrifice fly to center , Estrada scored , Slater to third . Harper pitching for Nationals . Ruf grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 4th . DeSclafani pitching for Giants . Bell struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to pitcher . Parra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Harper pitching for Nationals . Solano lined out to left . Crawford doubled to center . Bart struck out swinging . Estrada lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . DeSclafani pitching for Giants . Barrera grounded out to shortstop . Robles hit by pitch . Harper sacrificed to first , Robles to second . Escobar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Harper pitching for Nationals . DeSclafani struck out swinging . Slater doubled to deep left . Flores walked . Yastrzemski grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Flores out at second , Slater to third . Ruf struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . DeSclafani pitching for Giants . Turner flied out to right . Soto struck out looking . Bell singled to center . Castro fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . McGowin pitching for Nationals . Solano grounded out to second . Crawford homered to center ( 422 feet ) . Bart lined out to second . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Harrison at third base . Estrada singled to right . Duggar hit for DeSclafani . Duggar struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Slater in left field . Beede pitching for Giants . Estrada at shortstop . Duggar in center field . Parra singled to left . Barrera hit by pitch , Parra to second . Robles struck out swinging . Harrison struck out swinging . Escobar tripled to deep right center , Parra scored and Barrera scored . Escobar scored on Beede wild pitch . Turner grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Slater struck out swinging . Flores struck out swinging . Yastrzemski struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Álvarez pitching for Giants . Soto grounded out to second . Bell lined out to right . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Ruf walked . Solano walked , Ruf to second . Vosler hit for Álvarez . Vosler walked , Solano to second , Ruf to third . Bart struck out swinging . Estrada singled to center , Ruf scored , Vosler to second , Solano to third . Duggar popped out to third . Slater struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Brebbia pitching for Giants . Parra lined out to third . Reetz hit for Barrera . Reetz doubled to right center . Robles singled to shallow right , Reetz to third . Harrison grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reetz scored , Robles out at second . Escobar doubled to deep right , Harrison to third . Turner lined out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 4 - Giants 10 .	Crawford homers , Giants assured MLB 's top record at break