Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Giants . Rojas grounded out to first . Marte struck out swinging . Varsho reached on infield single to shortstop . Calhoun flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . La Stella struck out swinging . Wade Jr. struck out swinging . Posey doubled to deep left center . Crawford walked . Bryant walked , Crawford to second , Posey to third . Yastrzemski walked , Posey scored , Bryant to second , Crawford to third . Longoria struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Giants . Peralta lined out to left . Smith struck out swinging . VanMeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Duggar lined out to left . Webb struck out swinging . La Stella flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Giants . McCarthy singled to center . McCarthy to third on pickoff error by first baseman Wade Jr .. Weaver struck out swinging . Rojas hit sacrifice fly to left , McCarthy scored . Marte struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Wade Jr. flied out to shortstop . Posey singled to left . Crawford flied out to left . Bryant struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Giants . Varsho struck out swinging . Calhoun singled to center . Peralta walked , Calhoun to second . Smith reached on infield single to shortstop , Peralta to second , Calhoun to third . VanMeter grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Smith out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Yastrzemski doubled to right . Longoria struck out swinging . Duggar walked . Webb sacrificed to first , Duggar to second , Yastrzemski to third . La Stella grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Giants . McCarthy walked . Ramos hit for Weaver . Ramos grounded out to shortstop , McCarthy to second . Rojas grounded out to shortstop , McCarthy to third . Marte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Flores hit for Wade Jr. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Flores walked . Posey fouled out to first . Crawford struck out swinging . Bryant reached on infield single to shortstop , Flores to second . Yastrzemski struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Flores at first base . Álvarez pitching for Giants . Varsho popped out to shortstop . Calhoun flied out to right . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Poppen pitching for Diamondbacks . Longoria safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Rojas . Duggar flied out to shortstop . Dickerson hit for Álvarez . Dickerson hit by pitch , Longoria to second . La Stella singled to right , Dickerson to second , Longoria to third . Flores singled to right center , Longoria scored , La Stella to second , Dickerson to third . Posey walked , Dickerson scored , Flores to second , La Stella to third . Solano ran for La Stella . Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford singled to right center , Solano scored , Posey to second , Flores to third . Bryant grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Crawford to second , Posey to third , Flores out at home . Slater hit for Yastrzemski . Posey scored on Mantiply wild pitch , Bryant to second on wild pitch by Mantiply , Crawford to third on wild pitch by Mantiply . Slater grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Solano at second base . Slater in right field . Vargas hit for Smith . Watson pitching for Giants . Vargas lined out to third . Walker hit for VanMeter . Walker flied out to center . McCarthy homered to left ( 375 feet ) . Kelly hit for Mantiply . Kelly grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Varsho in center field . Vargas at third base . Walker at first base . de Geus pitching for Diamondbacks . Kelly catching . Longoria doubled to deep right . Duggar singled to right , Longoria to third . Estrada hit for Watson . Longoria scored on de Geus wild pitch , Duggar to second on wild pitch by de Geus . Estrada hit by pitch . Solano grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Estrada out at second , Duggar to third . Flores grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Solano out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Rogers pitching for Giants . Estrada at second base . Rojas doubled to right . Marte walked . Varsho grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Marte out at second , Rojas to third . Calhoun singled to left , Rojas scored , Varsho to third . Peralta hit sacrifice fly to right , Varsho scored . Vargas struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Clippard pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey grounded out to second . Crawford walked . Crawford stole second . Bryant flied out to center . Slater flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Doval pitching for Giants . Walker grounded out to second . Perdomo hit for Clippard . Perdomo doubled to deep center . Kelly flied out to center . Rojas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Giants 6 .	Giants earn 103rd win to tie third - most wins in team history