Angels - Top 1st. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Figgins singled to right center. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Figgins out at second. Abreu struck out looking. Hunter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Chavez grounded out to first. Sweeney popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Morales grounded out to first. Napoli grounded out to third. Matthews struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Beltre grounded out to second. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Branyan fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Rivera flied out to right. Izturis flied out to left. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Balentien struck out swinging. Johnson struck out looking. Betancourt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Abreu flied out to right. Hunter doubled to deep left center. Morales grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Suzuki singled to right. Chavez reached on bunt single to catcher, Suzuki to second. Sweeney flied out to right, Suzuki to third. Beltre grounded out to shortstop, Suzuki scored, Chavez to second. Lopez intentionally walked. Chavez to third, Lopez to second on wild pitch by Saunders. Branyan hit by pitch. Balentien struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Napoli popped out to first. Matthews flied out to left. Rivera singled to center. Izturis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Johnson fouled out to first. Betancourt grounded out to second. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Figgins singled to center. Kendrick flied out to right. Abreu singled to center, Figgins to third. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Figgins out at home, Abreu to second. Morales walked, Abreu to third, Hunter to second. Napoli singled to center, Abreu and Hunter scored, Morales to second. Matthews singled to deep right center, Morales scored, Napoli to third. Rivera singled to center, Napoli scored, Matthews to second. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Izturis singled to right, Matthews scored, Rivera to third. Figgins grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Chavez reached on infield single to pitcher. Sweeney popped out to second. Beltre grounded into double play, second to first, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Kendrick struck out swinging. Abreu singled to right. Hunter struck out swinging, Abreu stole second. Morales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Lopez flied out to left. Branyan grounded out to second. Balentien grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. White pitching for Mariners. Napoli safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre. Matthews flied out to right. Rivera grounded out to third, Napoli to second. Izturis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Johnson grounded out to third. Betancourt flied out to center. Suzuki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. White pitching for Mariners. Figgins grounded out to third. Kendrick grounded out to first. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Fuentes pitching for Angels. Chavez struck out swinging. Sweeney reached on infield single to shortstop. Beltre flied out to center. Sweeney to second on fielder's indifference. Lopez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Mariners 1.	Ichiro new Japanese hit king, but Angels win