Angels - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Figgins bunt grounded out to catcher. Matthews flied out to center. Abreu reached on infield single to first. Hunter walked, Abreu to second. Abreu stole third. Hunter picked off first. Napoli batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Jeter walked. Damon walked, Jeter to second. Teixeira grounded out to first, Jeter to third, Damon to second. Matsui hit sacrifice fly to right, Jeter scored, Damon to third. Cano singled to center, Damon scored. Posada homered to right, Cano scored. Swisher hit by pitch. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Swisher out at second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Napoli walked. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Napoli out at second. Quinlan lined into double play, second to first, Kendrick doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Pena reached on bunt single to third. Jeter flied out to center. Damon flied out to center. Pena stole second. Teixeira struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Gardner in center field. Cabrera in right field. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Gardner in center field. Cabrera in right field. Gardner in center field. Cabrera in right field. Aybar reached on bunt single to first. Figgins lined out to center. Matthews singled to center, Aybar to third. Abreu walked, Matthews to second. Hunter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Matsui flied out to center. Cano grounded out to second. Posada grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Napoli singled to left. Kendrick lined out to third. Quinlan flied out to right. Napoli stole second. Mathis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Gardner struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Pena grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Aybar grounded out to third. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Matthews singled to center. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Jeter flied out to left. Damon singled to center. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Damon out at second. Matsui flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Hunter singled to center. Napoli singled to center, Hunter to second. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop, Hunter to third, Napoli to second. Quinlan struck out looking. Mathis singled to center, Hunter and Napoli scored. Aybar singled to left, Mathis to second. Figgins walked, Mathis to third, Aybar to second. Melancon pitching for Yankees. Matthews tripled to deep center, Mathis, Aybar and Figgins scored. Matthews scored on Melancon's wild pitch. Abreu walked. Abreu stole second. Hunter lined out to right. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Cano popped out to shortstop. Posada grounded out to second. Gardner walked. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Veras pitching for Yankees. Napoli walked. Kendrick singled to left, Napoli to second. Izturis hit for Quinlan. Izturis singled to right center, Napoli scored, Kendrick to third. Mathis sacrificed to pitcher, Kendrick scored, Izturis to second. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Aybar singled to right, Izturis to third. Figgins walked, Aybar to second. Matthews hit sacrifice fly to right, Izturis scored, Aybar to third. Abreu lined out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Rivera in left field. Morales at first base. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Pena singled to center. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pena out at second. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jeter out at second. Teixeira flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Hunter flied out to center. Napoli flied out to left. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. Cano doubled to deep left center. Posada walked. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Gardner singled to left, Cano to third, Posada to second. Cabrera singled to left, Cano scored, Posada to third, Gardner to second. Pena singled to right center, Posada and Gardner scored, Cabrera to third. Jeter grounded out to shortstop, Cabrera scored, Pena to second. Damon struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Albaladejo pitching for Yankees. Morales grounded out to second. Mathis fouled out to first. Aybar grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Fuentes pitching for Angels. Teixeira walked. Matsui singled to left, Teixeira to second. Cano singled to center, Teixeira to third, Matsui to second. Berroa ran for Matsui. Posada singled to left center, Teixeira and Berroa scored, Cano to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 9 - Yankees 10.	Yanks rally