Angels - Top 1st. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Figgins walked. Izturis grounded out to second, Figgins to second. Abreu flied out to center, Figgins to third. Figgins scored on Padilla's wild pitch. Hunter walked. Morales flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Kinsler hit by pitch. Loux pitching for Angels. Kinsler stole second. Young grounded out to first, Kinsler to third. Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to left, Kinsler scored. Blalock flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Napoli lined out to shortstop. Matthews singled to center. Rivera struck out swinging. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matthews out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Loux pitching for Angels. Byrd singled to left. Cruz walked, Byrd to second. Byrd to third, Cruz to second on wild pitch by Loux. Davis struck out looking. Saltalamacchia singled to right center, Byrd and Cruz scored. Saltalamacchia to second on wild pitch by Loux. Andrus grounded out to second, Saltalamacchia to third. Kinsler flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Figgins singled to right. Izturis flied out to center. Abreu flied out to center. Hunter walked, Figgins to second. Morales flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Loux pitching for Angels. Young singled to right. Hamilton singled to left center, Young to second. Blalock flied out to left. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hamilton out at second, Young to third. Cruz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Napoli singled to right. Matthews singled to right center, Napoli to third. Rivera singled to center, Napoli scored, Matthews to second. Aybar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rivera out at second, Matthews to third. Figgins singled to center, Matthews scored. Izturis singled to right, Figgins to third. Izturis stole second. Abreu grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Loux pitching for Angels. Davis flied out to left. Saltalamacchia singled to right. Andrus singled to center, Saltalamacchia to third. Andrus stole second. Kinsler walked. Young singled to center, Saltalamacchia scored, Andrus to third, Kinsler to second. Oliver pitching for Angels. Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to right, Andrus scored, Kinsler to third. Blalock popped out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop. Morales lined into double play, to first, Hunter doubled off first. Napoli struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Byrd walked. Cruz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Byrd out at second. Davis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Matthews flied out to left. Rivera grounded out to third. Aybar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Speier pitching for Angels. Saltalamacchia walked. Andrus sacrificed to first, Saltalamacchia to second. Kinsler sacrificed to third, Saltalamacchia to third. Young fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Figgins singled to center. Izturis lined out to right. Abreu singled to right, Figgins to third. Hunter grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Speier pitching for Angels. Hamilton struck out looking. Blalock struck out swinging. Byrd flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Morales flied out to left. Napoli flied out to right. Matthews flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Bulger pitching for Angels. Cruz doubled to deep center. Davis flied out to left. Saltalamacchia flied out to left. Andrus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Rivera flied out to right. Aybar grounded out to second. Figgins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 3 - Rangers 5.	Lackey tossed in debut; Rangers top Angels