White Sox - Top 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Podsednik singled to center. Ramirez singled to center, Podsednik to third. Dye singled to right center, Podsednik scored, Ramirez to third. Thome singled to right, Ramirez scored, Dye to second. Konerko popped out to second. Quentin doubled to deep center, Dye scored, Thome to third. Anderson ran for Quentin. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thome out at home. Fields struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Podsednik in left field. Anderson in center field. Danks pitching for White Sox. Figgins singled to right. Abreu walked, Figgins to second. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop, Figgins to third, Abreu to second. Hunter singled to left, Figgins and Abreu scored. Hunter stole second. Rivera struck out swinging, Hunter stole third. Quinlan singled to left center, Hunter scored. Morales flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Getz singled to right. Podsednik singled to right, Getz to third. Ramirez singled to left, Getz scored, Podsednik to third. Dye homered to left, Podsednik and Ramirez scored. Thome walked. Konerko struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Mathis walked. Aybar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mathis out at second. Figgins grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Abreu walked. Guerrero lined out to third. Hunter walked, Abreu to second. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at third, Hunter to second. Quinlan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Anderson singled to left. Pierzynski singled to shallow right, Anderson to second. Fields struck out looking. Getz flied out to left. Podsednik singled to center, Anderson scored, Pierzynski to second. Ramirez singled to right, Pierzynski scored, Podsednik to third. Dye grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Morales doubled to deep right. Mathis struck out swinging. Aybar grounded out to second, Morales to third. Figgins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Bulger pitching for Angels. Thome grounded out to first. Konerko homered to left center. Anderson fouled out to catcher. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Matthews hit for Abreu. Danks pitching for White Sox. Matthews struck out swinging. Matthews hit for Abreu. Matthews struck out swinging. Guerrero struck out swinging. Kendrick hit for Hunter. Kendrick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Matthews in center field. Kendrick at second base. Rivera in right field. Quinlan in left field. Izturis at third base. Bulger pitching for Angels. Fields singled to left. Getz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fields out at second. Podsednik walked, Getz to second. Ramirez struck out swinging. Dye grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Betemit at first base. Danks pitching for White Sox. Rivera walked. Quinlan grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rivera out at second. Morales flied out to right. Mathis walked, Quinlan to second. Aybar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Speier pitching for Angels. Miller hit for Thome. Miller struck out looking. Speier pitching for Angels. Miller hit for Thome. Miller struck out looking. Betemit flied out to left. Anderson singled to left. Pierzynski singled to right, Anderson to second. Fields doubled to deep right center, Anderson and Pierzynski scored. Getz walked. Podsednik hit by pitch, Fields to third, Getz to second. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Podsednik out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Izturis grounded out to first. Matthews grounded out to shortstop. Guerrero grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Speier pitching for Angels. Dye grounded out to third. Miller flied out to shortstop. Betemit flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Kendrick struck out swinging. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Quinlan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Anderson singled to left. Pierzynski singled to center, Anderson to second. Fields struck out swinging. Getz flied out to center. Podsednik hit ground rule double to left, Anderson scored, Pierzynski to third. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Gobble pitching for White Sox. Morales flied out to left. Mathis lined out to third. Aybar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 17 - Angels 3.	ChiSox belt Angels to spoil Guerrero's return