Padres - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Gwynn struck out swinging. Eckstein grounded out to third. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Geer pitching for Padres. Figgins walked. Abreu struck out swinging. Hunter lined out to right. Guerrero doubled to right, Figgins to third. Rivera singled to right, Figgins and Guerrero scored, Rivera out stretching at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to left. Giles flied out to right. Headley singled to center, Gonzalez to third, Headley to second advancing on throw. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Geer pitching for Padres. Morales homered to right center. Izturis struck out looking. Mathis grounded out to shortstop. Aybar reached on bunt single to catcher. Figgins singled to center, Aybar to third. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Gwynn grounded out to first. Eckstein singled to right center. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Geer pitching for Padres. Hunter homered to left. Guerrero grounded out to third. Rivera grounded out to third. Morales struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Kouzmanoff struck out looking. Gonzalez flied out to center. Giles singled to center. Headley lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Geer pitching for Padres. Izturis flied out to left. Mathis struck out swinging. Aybar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Blanco grounded out to third. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Gwynn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Geer pitching for Padres. Figgins struck out swinging. Abreu flied out to left. Hunter homered to center. Guerrero grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Eckstein walked. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Eckstein out at second. Kouzmanoff homered to left. Gonzalez flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Geer pitching for Padres. Rivera flied out to center. Morales flied out to right. Izturis doubled to deep center. Mathis homered to left, Izturis scored. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Aybar hit by pitch. Figgins flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Giles flied out to center. Headley safe at second on error by right fielder Abreu. Blanco singled to right, Headley to third. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Blanco out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Abreu struck out swinging. Hunter homered to center. Guerrero singled to left. Rivera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Guerrero out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Gwynn tripled to deep left center. Eckstein flied out to right, Gwynn thrown out at home. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Burke pitching for Padres. Morales hit ground rule double to deep left. Rodriguez hit for Izturis. Rodriguez singled to left, Morales to third. Mathis struck out swinging. Aybar reached on infield single to shortstop, Morales scored, Rodriguez to second. Quinlan hit for Figgins. Quinlan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Aybar out at second, Rodriguez to third. Abreu struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Quinlan at third base. Rodriguez at second base. Saunders pitching for Angels. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging, Kouzmanoff safe at first on passed ball by Mathis. Gonzalez safe at first on error by right fielder Abreu, Kouzmanoff to second. Giles popped out to shortstop. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Headley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 1 - Angels 9.	Hunter's 3 HRs lead Angels