Angels - Top 1st. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Figgins flied out to center. Izturis walked. Izturis caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Palmer pitching for Angels. Lopez singled to center. Drew sacrificed to pitcher, Lopez to second. Upton singled to center, Lopez to third. Reynolds hit sacrifice fly to center, Lopez scored. Parra singled to right, Upton to second. Montero singled to left, Upton scored, Parra to second. Romero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Montero out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Morales struck out swinging. Matthews grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Palmer pitching for Angels. Ojeda flied out to center. Scherzer flied out to center. Lopez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Aybar singled to right. Mathis struck out looking. Aybar caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Palmer fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Palmer pitching for Angels. Drew flied out to center. Upton flied out to center. Reynolds walked. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Izturis singled to right. Abreu walked, Izturis to second. Rivera popped out to second. Morales walked, Izturis to third, Abreu to second. Matthews doubled to left, Izturis, Abreu and Morales scored, Matthews to third on throwing error by third baseman Ojeda. Matthews stole home. Aybar flied out to center. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Montero grounded out to second. Romero singled to right. Ojeda reached on infield single to shortstop, Romero to second. Scherzer sacrificed to catcher, Romero to third, Ojeda to second. Lopez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Mathis safe at first on error by first baseman Reynolds. Palmer singled to left, Mathis to third. Figgins grounded out to third, Mathis scored, Palmer to second. Izturis safe at third on error by right fielder Upton, Palmer scored. Abreu safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez, Izturis scored. Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks. Rivera homered to left, Abreu scored. Morales tripled to deep right. Matthews flied out to right. Aybar popped out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 3 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Drew walked. Upton doubled to deep left, Drew to third. Reynolds flied out to right. Parra grounded out to second, Drew scored, Upton to third. Montero grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks. Mathis flied out to right. Palmer grounded out to second. Figgins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Romero singled to right. Ojeda hit ground rule double to deep right, Romero to third. Clark hit for Rosales. Clark doubled to deep center, Romero and Ojeda scored. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Lopez grounded out to second, Clark to third. Drew singled to center, Clark scored. Upton struck out swinging. Reynolds singled to left, Drew to second. Parra singled to center, Drew scored, Reynolds to second. Montero singled to center, Reynolds scored, Parra to second. Romero grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Zavada pitching for Diamondbacks. Izturis walked. Abreu singled to center, Izturis thrown out at third. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Abreu out at second. Morales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Bulger pitching for Angels. Ojeda grounded out to second. Young hit for Zavada. Young grounded out to shortstop. Lopez doubled to deep center. Drew struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks. Matthews grounded out to first. Aybar struck out looking. Mathis homered to left. Guerrero hit for Bulger. Guerrero grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Speier pitching for Angels. Upton grounded out to second. Reynolds struck out swinging. Parra flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Figgins reached on infield single to third. Izturis homered to right center, Figgins scored. Abreu flied out to left. Rivera struck out swinging. Morales singled to center. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Matthews walked, Morales to second. Aybar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Fuentes pitching for Angels. Montero grounded out to second. Romero popped out to second. Ojeda flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 12 - Diamondbacks 8.	Angels steal home, roll error-prone D-backs \n\n