Athletics - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Kennedy flied out to center. Davis struck out looking. Sweeney walked. Suzuki homered to left, Sweeney scored. Cust singled to center. Barton doubled to left center, Cust to third. Ellis flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Figgins safe at first on error by third baseman Kennedy. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to second, Figgins safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Ellis. Hunter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Abreu out at second, Figgins to third. Guerrero walked. Rivera homered to left, Figgins and Guerrero scored. Morales grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Patterson grounded out to first. Pennington singled to left. Kennedy singled to right, Pennington thrown out at home, Kennedy to second advancing on throw. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Kendrick singled to left. Mathis grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Kendrick out at second. Izturis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Sweeney grounded out to first. Suzuki grounded out to first. Cust flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Figgins fouled out to right. Abreu walked. Hunter struck out swinging. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Barton singled to right. Ellis grounded out to second, Barton to second. Patterson grounded out to first, Barton to third. Pennington grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Rivera grounded out to pitcher. Morales walked. Kendrick walked, Morales to second. Mathis singled to right, Morales scored, Kendrick to third. Izturis safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Kennedy, Kendrick scored, Mathis to third. Figgins singled to right, Mathis and Izturis scored. Kilby pitching for Athletics. Abreu homered to right, Figgins scored. Hunter singled to center. Guerrero struck out swinging. Rivera flied out to center. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Kennedy singled to left center. Davis singled to center, Kennedy to second. Sweeney singled to right, Kennedy to third, Davis to second. Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to left, Kennedy scored, Davis to third. Cust homered to left, Davis and Sweeney scored. Barton flied out to left. Ellis popped out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Kilby pitching for Athletics. Morales flied out to right. Kendrick doubled to deep center. Mathis struck out swinging, Kendrick stole third. Izturis walked. Figgins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Patterson walked. Pennington struck out swinging, Patterson stole second. Kennedy doubled to left, Patterson scored. Davis grounded out to second, Kennedy to third. Kennedy scored on Oliver's wild pitch. Sweeney struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Abreu struck out swinging. Hunter grounded out to third. Guerrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Bulger pitching for Angels. Suzuki doubled to left. Cust struck out swinging. Barton singled to center, Suzuki scored. Ellis flied out to right. Patterson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Rivera struck out looking. Morales walked. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop, Morales to second. Matthews hit for Mathis. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Matthews singled to left, Morales scored, Matthews to second advancing on throw. Izturis flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Wilson catching. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Pennington doubled to left. Pennington to third on wild pitch by Jepsen. Kennedy walked. Davis struck out swinging. Sweeney struck out looking. Suzuki singled to right, Pennington scored, Kennedy to second. Cust doubled to right center, Kennedy scored, Suzuki to third. Palmer pitching for Angels. Barton singled to left center, Suzuki scored, Cust to third. Ellis homered to left, Cust and Barton scored. Patterson walked. Pennington grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics. Figgins walked. Abreu singled to center, Figgins to second. Hunter struck out swinging. Guerrero struck out looking. Rivera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. O'Sullivan pitching for Angels. Kennedy flied out to center. Davis flied out to right. Sweeney singled to left. Suzuki walked, Sweeney to second. Cust popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Morales struck out swinging. Kendrick walked. Aybar hit for Wilson. Kendrick to second on fielder's indifference. Aybar grounded out to shortstop, Kendrick to third. Izturis lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 15 - Angels 10.	Cust powers A's rally from seven-run deficit