Yankees - Top 1st. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Jeter singled to right. Jeter caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Damon grounded out to first. Teixeira struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Figgins lined out to shortstop. Abreu walked. Hunter flied out to right. Guerrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Rodriguez walked. Rodriguez stole second. Posada walked. Matsui popped out to shortstop. Cano popped out to shortstop. Swisher flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Rivera reached on infield single to shortstop. Kendrick grounded out to first, Rivera to second. Morales lined out to right. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Cabrera reached on bunt single to first. Jeter flied out to right. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera out at second. Damon to second on wild pitch by Kazmir. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Aybar bunt grounded out to first. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. Abreu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Rodriguez singled to center. Posada doubled to left, Rodriguez to third. Matsui struck out swinging. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez scored, Posada to third. Swisher walked, Cano to second. Cabrera singled to left, Posada and Cano scored, Swisher to second. Jeter walked, Swisher to third, Cabrera to second. Damon flied into double play, center to first to third, Swisher out at third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Hunter struck out swinging. Guerrero grounded out to third. Rivera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Kazmir pitching for Angels. Teixeira singled to left. Bulger pitching for Angels. Rodriguez homered to left, Teixeira scored. Posada walked. Oliver pitching for Angels. Matsui struck out looking, Posada stole second. Cano doubled to deep center, Posada to third. Swisher grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Posada out at home, Cano to third. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Swisher out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Kendrick grounded out to second. Morales homered to center. Napoli singled to left. Aybar singled to center, Napoli to second. Figgins grounded into fielder's choice to second, Aybar out at second, Napoli to third. Abreu flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Santana pitching for Angels. Jeter singled to center. Damon grounded out to first, Jeter to second. Teixeira grounded out to second, Jeter to third. Rodriguez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Hunter walked. Guerrero singled to right, Hunter to second. Rivera grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Guerrero out at second, Hunter to third. Kendrick lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Santana pitching for Angels. Posada struck out swinging. Matsui grounded out to second. Cano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Morales struck out swinging. Napoli struck out swinging. Aybar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Santana pitching for Angels. Swisher hit by pitch. Gardner ran for Swisher. Gardner caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Cabrera walked. Palmer pitching for Angels. Jeter grounded out to shortstop, Cabrera to second. Damon homered to right, Cabrera scored. Teixeira popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Gardner in center field. Cabrera in right field. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Abreu struck out swinging. Hunter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Rodriguez doubled to deep left. Posada flied out to right, Rodriguez scored on throwing error by right fielder Abreu. Matsui struck out looking. Cano walked. Gardner singled to center, Cano to second. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Cano and Gardner scored. Jeter grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 9th. Gaudin pitching for Yankees. Guerrero flied out to right. Rivera flied out to center. Matthews hit for Kendrick. Matthews grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 10 - Angels 1.	Yankees seize 3-1 ALCS edge \n\n