Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Byrnes flied out to left . Hudson singled to left . Tracy singled to left , Hudson to second . Gonzalez hit by pitch , Hudson to third , Tracy to second . Jackson singled to right , Hudson and Tracy scored , Gonzalez to second . Easley walked , Gonzalez to third , Jackson to second . DaVanon walked , Gonzalez scored , Jackson to third , Easley to second . Snyder popped out to first . Batista struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Sullivan struck out swinging . Barmes safe at first on error by shortstop Easley . Helton fouled out to third . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Byrnes struck out swinging . Hudson flied out to center . Tracy homered to right . Gonzalez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins singled to left . Hawpe struck out swinging . Carroll grounded out to first , Atkins to second . Ardoin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Jackson walked . Easley popped out to shortstop . DaVanon flied out to right . Snyder walked , Jackson to second . Batista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Francis struck out swinging . Sullivan grounded out to shortstop . Barmes tripled to deep right center . Helton walked . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Byrnes grounded out to shortstop . Hudson walked . Tracy walked , Hudson to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tracy out at second , Hudson to third . Jackson fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins doubled to deep right . Hawpe grounded out to second , Atkins to third . Carroll lined out to second . Ardoin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Easley doubled to left . Kim pitching for Rockies . Ojeda catching . DaVanon grounded out to pitcher , Easley to third . Snyder homered to right , Easley scored . Batista struck out looking . Byrnes grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Ojeda grounded out to shortstop . Sullivan struck out swinging . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Hudson grounded out to first . Tracy singled to center . Gonzalez singled to right , Tracy to third . Jackson walked , Gonzalez to second . Easley walked , Tracy scored , Gonzalez to third , Jackson to second . DaVanon hit sacrifice fly to center , Gonzalez scored . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Freeman in center field . Snyder doubled to deep right center , Jackson and Easley scored . Batista struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton walked . Holliday homered to left , Helton scored . Atkins struck out swinging . Hawpe flied out to center . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Byrnes singled to center . Hudson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Byrnes out at second . Tracy walked . Gonzalez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Freeman struck out looking . Smith hit for Cortes . Ojeda struck out swinging . Martin pitching for Rockies . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Jackson singled to left center . Easley reached on infield single to third , Jackson to second . DaVanon doubled to deep right , Jackson scored , Easley to third . Snyder hit sacrifice fly to left , Easley scored . Green hit for Batista . Green walked . Byrnes flied out to right . Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks . Green in left field . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Green out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks . Barmes singled to center . Helton singled to right , Barmes to second . Holliday flied out to right . Atkins doubled to deep left , Barmes scored , Helton to third . Hawpe singled to right , Helton scored , Atkins to third . Carroll grounded out to third , Atkins scored , Hawpe to second . Freeman grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Clark hit for Grimsley . Martin pitching for Rockies . Tracy fouled out to left . Clark struck out swinging . Jackson walked . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Easley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Marrero hit for Martin . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Ojeda struck out looking . Marrero struck out swinging . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 12 - Rockies 5 .	Batista fans 11 and D - backs score a dozen in win