Phillies - Top 1st . Day pitching for Rockies . Rollins flied out to right . Rowand hit by pitch . Abreu singled to center , Rowand to third . Burrell hit sacrifice fly to center , Rowand scored . Utley doubled to deep right , Abreu to third . Howard intentionally walked . Bell grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Madson pitching for Phillies . Sullivan flied out to left . Barmes singled to center . Helton singled to right , Barmes to second . Atkins singled to right , Barmes scored , Helton to second . Holliday flied out to center . Hawpe singled to deep right , Helton scored , Atkins to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hawpe out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Day pitching for Rockies . Lieberthal struck out looking . Madson walked . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Madson out at second . Rowand homered to right , Rollins scored . Abreu grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Madson pitching for Phillies . Ardoin reached on bunt single to third . Day sacrificed to catcher , Ardoin to second . Sullivan walked . Barmes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sullivan out at second , Ardoin to third , Ardoin scored , Barmes to second on throwing error by second baseman Utley . Helton grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 3rd . Day pitching for Rockies . Burrell homered to left center . Utley homered to center . Howard lined out to first . Bell flied out to center . Lieberthal singled to center . Kim pitching for Rockies . Madson singled to left , Lieberthal to third . Rollins struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Madson pitching for Phillies . Atkins singled to left center . Holliday grounded out to third , Atkins to second . Hawpe flied out to left . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Rowand walked . Abreu reached on infield single to second , Rowand to second . Burrell walked , Rowand to third , Abreu to second . Utley homered to center , Rowand , Abreu and Burrell scored . Howard struck out swinging . Bell lined out to right . Lieberthal flied out to left . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Ardoin grounded out to third . Kim doubled to deep right . Sullivan grounded out to first , Kim to third . Barmes popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Madson reached on infield single to first . Rollins flied out to right . Rowand flied out to center . Abreu walked , Madson to second . Burrell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Helton tripled to deep center . Atkins doubled to deep right center , Helton scored . Holliday fouled out to first . Hawpe grounded out to second , Atkins to third . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Utley lined out to right . Howard singled to right center . Bell flied out to left . Lieberthal doubled to deep center , Howard scored . Madson singled to right , Lieberthal thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Carroll hit for Kim . Madson pitching for Phillies . Ardoin fouled out to first . Carroll reached on infield single to third . Carroll stole second . Sullivan struck out swinging . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Barmes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Rollins flied out to center . Rowand singled to left . Abreu struck out swinging . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Helton walked . Atkins grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Helton out at second . Holliday flied out to right . Hawpe singled to right , Atkins to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Utley flied out to right . Howard struck out swinging . Santana pitching for Phillies . Bell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Freeman hit for Ramirez . Santana pitching for Phillies . Ardoin popped out to first . Freeman grounded out to shortstop . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Sullivan fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Lieberthal singled to center . Santana sacrificed to first , Lieberthal to second . Rollins struck out swinging . Rowand reached on infield single to shortstop , Lieberthal to third . Abreu walked , Rowand to second . Victorino in left field . Burrell popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Santana pitching for Phillies . Barmes hit by pitch . Helton walked , Barmes to second . Atkins reached on infield single to shortstop , Barmes to third , Helton to second . Holliday doubled to left , Barmes , Helton and Atkins scored . Rhodes pitching for Phillies . Gordon pitching for Phillies . Hawpe struck out looking . Smith hit for Ardoin . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Holliday to third . Ojeda hit for Cortes . Smith walked . Ojeda singled to left center , Holliday scored , Smith thrown out at third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 10 - Rockies 8 .	Utley 's slam helps Phils outscore Rockies at Coors