Rockies - Top 1st . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Sullivan struck out swinging . Barmes grounded out to second . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Rollins doubled to right . Utley singled to center , Rollins to third . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center , Rollins scored , Utley to second . Burrell flied out to right , Utley to third . Howard singled to center , Utley scored . Rowand grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Atkins singled to left . Hawpe reached on infield single to second , Atkins to second . Marrero singled to center , Atkins scored , Hawpe to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Ojeda grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Marrero out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Bell flied out to center . Lieberthal lined out to left . Lidle struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Fogg walked . Sullivan sacrificed into fielder 's choice to first , Fogg to second . Barmes sacrificed to third , Fogg to third , Sullivan to second . Fogg scored , Sullivan to third on wild pitch by Lidle . Holliday struck out swinging . Atkins grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Rollins reached on infield single to third . Utley doubled to right , Rollins to third . Abreu doubled to deep right , Rollins and Utley scored . Burrell singled to deep center , Abreu scored , Burrell out stretching at second . Howard grounded out to second . Rowand flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Hawpe struck out swinging . Marrero struck out swinging . Gonzalez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Bell struck out swinging . Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop . Lidle struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Ojeda grounded out to shortstop . Fogg struck out swinging . Sullivan singled to right . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Rollins flied out to left . Utley safe at first on error by pitcher Fogg . Abreu walked , Utley to second . Burrell flied out to center . Howard singled to right , Utley scored , Abreu to second . Rowand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Abreu out at third , Howard to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Atkins struck out swinging . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Hawpe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Bell lined out to right . Lieberthal hit by pitch . Lidle sacrificed to first , Lieberthal to second . Rollins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Marrero homered to left . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . Spilborghs hit for Dohmann . Ojeda flied out to right . Spilborghs singled to left . Franklin pitching for Phillies . Sullivan walked , Spilborghs to second . Barmes doubled to left , Spilborghs scored , Sullivan to third . Martin pitching for Rockies . Holliday grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Utley singled to right . Abreu struck out looking . Victorino ran for Burrell . Burrell singled to left , Utley to third . Howard struck out swinging . Victorino in left field . Rhodes pitching for Phillies . Rowand flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Rhodes pitching for Phillies . Atkins walked . Hawpe singled to right , Atkins to second . Marrero grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hawpe out at second , Atkins to third . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Atkins scored , Marrero out at second . Ojeda struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Bell grounded out to third . Gonzalez hit for Rhodes . Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop . Gordon pitching for Phillies . Carroll hit for Martin . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Gordon pitching for Phillies . Carroll walked . Sullivan sacrificed to first , Carroll to second . Barmes struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Phillies 6 .	Lidle Ks 10 , Abreu knocks in three as Phils nip Rockies