Rockies - Top 1st . Floyd pitching for Phillies . Sullivan walked . Barmes singled to right center , Sullivan to second . Holliday popped out to second . Atkins walked , Sullivan to third , Barmes to second . Hawpe singled to right , Sullivan and Barmes scored , Atkins to second . Marrero singled to center , Atkins scored , Hawpe to third . Carroll flied out to right . Marrero stole second . Ardoin struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Asencio pitching for Rockies . Rollins grounded out to first . Utley flied out to left . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Floyd pitching for Phillies . Asencio struck out swinging . Sullivan grounded out to shortstop . Barmes homered to left . Holliday grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Asencio pitching for Rockies . Burrell struck out swinging . Howard struck out looking . Rowand hit by pitch . Bell singled to right , Rowand to second . Fasano doubled to deep left , Rowand scored , Bell to third . Floyd struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Floyd pitching for Phillies . Atkins struck out looking . Hawpe struck out swinging . Marrero popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Asencio pitching for Rockies . Rollins grounded out to first . Utley flied out to left . Abreu walked . Abreu stole second . Burrell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Floyd pitching for Phillies . Carroll singled to right center . Carroll stole second . Ardoin hit by pitch . Asencio struck out bunting foul . Geary pitching for Phillies . Sullivan doubled to right , Carroll scored , Ardoin to third . Barmes safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Rollins , Ardoin and Sullivan scored . Barmes stole third . Holliday walked . Atkins grounded into double play , third to second to first , Holliday out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Asencio pitching for Rockies . Howard popped out to shortstop . Rowand safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Barmes . Bell singled to center , Rowand to second . Fasano doubled to deep left , Rowand scored , Bell to third . Geary doubled to right , Bell scored , Fasano to third . Rollins grounded out to first , Fasano scored , Geary to third . Utley doubled to deep center , Geary scored . Abreu singled to center , Utley scored . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Burrell walked , Abreu to second . Howard grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 5th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Hawpe singled to center . Marrero struck out looking . Carroll grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hawpe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Rowand walked . Bell flied out to center . Fasano struck out swinging . Geary grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Ardoin flied out to right . Ramirez singled to right . Sullivan bunt grounded out to catcher , Ramirez to second . Barmes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Rollins fouled out to left . Utley grounded out to first . Abreu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Holliday singled to right center . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Atkins singled to center , Holliday to second . Hawpe struck out swinging . Holliday out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice , Atkins to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . King pitching for Rockies . Marrero flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . King pitching for Rockies . Burrell singled to left . Howard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Burrell out at second . Rowand singled to center . Bell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Carroll grounded out to third . Spilborghs hit for King . Ardoin struck out swinging . Spilborghs reached on infield single to shortstop . Sullivan singled to center , Spilborghs to second . Barmes safe at first on error by second baseman Utley , Spilborghs to third , Sullivan to second . Mesa pitching for Rockies . Victorino hit for Fasano . Holliday grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Nunez hit for Fultz . Mesa pitching for Rockies . Victorino singled to center . Nunez bunt popped out to third . Lieberthal catching . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Rollins grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Victorino out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Atkins walked . Hawpe struck out swinging . Marrero grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Atkins out at second . Marrero stole second . Carroll walked . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Ardoin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carroll out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Utley walked . Utley stole second . Abreu struck out looking . Burrell walked . Dellucci ran for Burrell . Howard struck out looking . Rowand fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 7 - Phillies 6 .	Rockies improve to 6 - 2 away from Coors