Rockies - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Barmes flied out to right . Carroll fouled out to right . Holliday doubled to left . Atkins walked . Hawpe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Ramirez flied out to right . Uggla struck out swinging . Cabrera walked . Willingham singled to right center , Cabrera to third . Jacobs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez walked . Freeman struck out swinging , Gonzalez stole second , Gonzalez to third on throwing error by catcher Treanor . Ojeda walked . Fogg sacrificed to catcher , Ojeda to second . Barmes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Cepicky grounded out to second . Abercrombie flied out to left . Treanor walked . Vargas grounded out to , Treanor out at second , Vargas to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Carroll singled to left . Carroll stole second . Holliday doubled to left , Carroll scored . Atkins homered to left , Holliday scored . Hawpe singled to center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Freeman doubled to right center , Hawpe to third , Hawpe scored on throwing error by center fielder Abercrombie . Freeman caught stealing third , catcher to third . Ojeda flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Ramirez singled to right . Uggla struck out swinging . Cabrera reached on infield single to third , Ramirez to second . Willingham walked , Ramirez to third , Cabrera to second . Jacobs hit sacrifice fly to left , Ramirez scored . Cepicky flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Fogg struck out looking . Barmes grounded out to shortstop . Carroll reached on infield single to third . Holliday tripled to deep right center , Carroll scored . Atkins flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Abercrombie singled to left . Mitre hit for Nolasco . Treanor singled to center , Abercrombie to second . Mitre sacrificed to third , Abercrombie to third , Treanor to second , Mitre safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Fogg . Abercrombie and Treanor scored on throwing error by pitcher . Ramirez singled to center , Mitre scored . Uggla fouled out to first . Ramirez stole second . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Ramirez to third . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Willingham grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 5th . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Hawpe grounded out to first . Gonzalez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera . Freeman flied out to left . Asencio pitching for Rockies . Sullivan in center field . Ojeda struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Asencio pitching for Rockies . Jacobs grounded out to shortstop . Cepicky flied out to right . Abercrombie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Sullivan doubled to deep right center . Barmes sacrificed to pitcher , Sullivan to third , Barmes safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Messenger . Sullivan scored on throwing error by pitcher Messenger . Carroll sacrificed to third , Barmes to third . Holliday struck out swinging . Atkins reached on infield single to shortstop , Barmes scored . Hawpe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Atkins out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Reed hit for Messenger . Asencio pitching for Rockies . Treanor grounded out to third . Reed flied out to center . Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez doubled to left . Asencio grounded out to first , Gonzalez to third . Ojeda grounded out to shortstop . Sullivan doubled to deep right , Gonzalez scored . Barmes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Asencio pitching for Rockies . Uggla grounded out to third . Cabrera singled to center . Willingham homered to center , Cabrera scored . Jacobs struck out looking . Cepicky grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins . Carroll struck out looking . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Atkins doubled to deep right . Hawpe intentionally walked . Mesa pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hawpe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Olivo hit for Treanor . Mesa pitching for Rockies . Abercrombie struck out swinging . Helms hit for Wellemeyer . Olivo doubled to deep left center . Helms struck out looking . Olivo catching . German pitching for Marlins . Spilborghs hit for Mesa . Ramirez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . German pitching for Marlins . Spilborghs struck out swinging . Ojeda grounded out to shortstop . Sullivan walked . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Barmes popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Uggla struck out swinging . Amezaga ran for Cabrera . Cabrera hit by pitch . Willingham singled to center , Amezaga to third . Aguila hit for Cepicky . Jacobs walked , Willingham to second . Aguila popped out to second . Abercrombie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 8 - Marlins 7 .	COLORADO 8 , FLORIDA 7