Rockies - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Angels . Carroll grounded out to third . Sullivan lined out to shortstop . Helton singled to shallow left . Holliday doubled to left center , Helton to third . Atkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Figgins grounded out to second . Izturis doubled to center . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Izturis to third . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop , Izturis scored , Cabrera to second . Napoli singled to center , Cabrera scored . Rivera grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Hawpe doubled to deep right , Hawpe to third on throwing error by right fielder Guerrero . Piedra hit by pitch . Closser grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hawpe out at home , Piedra to third , Closser to second . Barmes singled to left , Piedra and Closser scored , Barmes to second advancing on throw . Carroll doubled to center , Barmes scored . Sullivan flied out to left . Helton flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Morales grounded out to pitcher . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Holliday doubled to deep right center . Atkins doubled to right center , Holliday scored . Hawpe homered to center , Atkins scored . Gregg pitching for Angels . Piedra singled to right . Closser struck out swinging . Barmes struck out swinging . Piedra stole second . Carroll struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Figgins lined out to pitcher . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera singled to center . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Sullivan singled to right . Helton walked , Sullivan to second . Holliday safe at first on error by third baseman Izturis , Sullivan to third , Helton to second . Atkins singled to center , Sullivan and Helton scored , Holliday to second . Hawpe flied out to center . Piedra struck out swinging . Closser singled to right center , Holliday scored , Atkins to third . Barmes singled to center , Atkins scored , Closser to third . Carroll struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Napoli singled to center . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Napoli out at second . Morales grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rivera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Gregg pitching for Angels . Sullivan singled to center . Helton singled to center , Sullivan to second . Holliday flied out to right , Sullivan to third . Sullivan scored , Helton to second on wild pitch by Gregg . Atkins grounded out to third . Hawpe struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Murphy grounded out to second . Kennedy grounded out to first . Aybar at shortstop . Quinlan in right field . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Figgins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Piedra singled to right . Closser walked , Piedra to second . Barmes walked , Piedra to third , Closser to second . Carroll struck out swinging . Sullivan struck out swinging . Helton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barmes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Izturis singled to left . Aybar reached on infield single to shortstop , Izturis to second . Quinlan grounded out to first , Izturis to third , Aybar to second . Napoli grounded out to shortstop , Izturis scored , Aybar to third . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Holliday doubled to shallow left . Atkins flied out to center , Holliday to third . Hawpe walked . Piedra grounded out to pitcher , Holliday scored , Hawpe to second . Closser walked . Barmes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Closser out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Morales grounded out to second . Murphy grounded out to first . Kennedy reached on infield single to first . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Figgins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Carroll singled to left . Quintanilla hit for Helton . Sullivan grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carroll out at second . Spilborghs hit for Holliday . Quintanilla struck out swinging , Quintanilla safe at first on wild pitch by Donnelly . Carroll at third base . Quintanilla at second base . Spilborghs in left field . Atkins at first base . King pitching for Rockies . Spilborghs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . King pitching for Rockies . Izturis flied out to center . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . Quinlan homered to left . Romero pitching for Angels . Napoli flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Romero pitching for Angels . Atkins walked . Hawpe grounded out to second , Atkins to second . Piedra struck out swinging . Closser popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . King pitching for Rockies . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Morales grounded out to third . Murphy singled to left . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 12 - Angels 4 .	Atkins , Barmes power Rockies past Angels in Anaheim