Padres - Top 1st . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Roberts singled to left . Roberts stole second . Piazza struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Padres . Carroll grounded out to first . Barmes grounded out to first . Atkins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Greene singled to center . Blum struck out swinging . Barfield homered to left , Greene scored . Williams lined out to second . Roberts grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Padres . Holliday struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to shortstop . Torrealba reached on infield single to third . Hawpe grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Cameron struck out looking . Giles homered to right . Piazza singled to center . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Piazza out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Padres . Sullivan walked . Fogg sacrificed to pitcher , Sullivan to second . Carroll grounded out to pitcher , Sullivan to third . Barmes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Greene doubled to left . Blum flied out to left . Barfield homered to left , Greene scored . Williams flied out to right . Roberts singled to left center . Roberts stole second . Cameron struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Padres . Atkins doubled to deep right . Holliday singled to left , Atkins to third . Helton singled to center , Atkins scored , Holliday to second . Torrealba doubled to deep right center , Holliday scored , Helton to third . Hawpe hit sacrifice fly to center , Helton scored , Torrealba to third . Smith hit for Fogg . Sullivan grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Torrealba out at home . Martin pitching for Rockies . Smith grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Giles walked . Piazza homered to left , Giles scored . Gonzalez hit by pitch . Greene walked , Gonzalez to second . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Blum grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Gonzalez out at third , Greene to second . Barfield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blum out at second , Greene to third . Williams popped out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Padres . Carroll singled to left center . Barmes singled to left center , Carroll to second . Atkins flied out to right . Holliday struck out swinging . Helton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Cameron struck out looking . Giles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Padres . Torrealba hit by pitch . Hawpe singled to center , Torrealba to second , Torrealba scored , Hawpe to second on error by center fielder Cameron . Shealy hit for Corpas . Meredith pitching for Padres . Sullivan walked . Shealy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sullivan out at second , Hawpe to third . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hawpe scored , Shealy out at second . Carroll stole second . Barmes singled to center , Carroll scored . Atkins singled to left center , Barmes to second . Barmes to third , Atkins to second on balk by Meredith . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Holliday grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 7th . Bowen ran for Piazza . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Piazza singled to left . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bowen to second . Greene flied out to center , Bowen to third . Blum struck out swinging . Bowen catching . Barfield popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Meredith pitching for Padres . Helton grounded out to first . Torrealba struck out swinging . Embree pitching for Padres . Bard hit for Embree . Hawpe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Bard grounded out to shortstop . Roberts grounded out to second . Adkins pitching for Padres . Cameron grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Piedra hit for Ramirez . Adkins pitching for Padres . Sullivan bunt grounded out to pitcher . Piedra singled to center . Carroll flied out to right . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Barmes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Giles grounded out to first . Bowen grounded out to pitcher . Hoffman pitching for Padres . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Hoffman pitching for Padres . Atkins singled to left center . Holliday grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Atkins out at second . Helton singled to center . Torrealba homered to left , Helton scored . Hawpe grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 10th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Greene singled to left . Blum sacrificed to pitcher , Greene to second . Young hit for Hoffman . Barfield flied out to right . Young intentionally walked . Williamson pitching for Padres . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 10th . Freeman hit for Fuentes . Williamson pitching for Padres . Sullivan grounded out to pitcher . Freeman doubled to deep left . Carroll singled to right , Freeman scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 8 - Rockies 9 .	Rockies dig out from 5 - 0 hole , bury Padres in 10