Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Drew safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Barmes . Hudson flied out to left . Gonzalez flied out to left . Tracy intentionally walked . Byrnes lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Sullivan flied out to left . Barmes grounded out to shortstop . Helton singled to center . Atkins hit ground rule double to deep center , Helton to third . Hawpe walked . Torrealba singled to center , Helton and Atkins scored , Hawpe to second . Smith grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Green grounded out to first . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . Snyder singled to right . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Snyder out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to center . Cook sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Sullivan grounded out to first , Gonzalez to third . Barmes lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Drew flied out to left . Hudson safe at first on error by second baseman Smith . Gonzalez singled to left , Hudson to third . Tracy grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hudson out at home , Gonzalez to third , Tracy to second . Byrnes singled to center , Gonzalez and Tracy scored . Byrnes picked off first . Green batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton singled to deep right , Helton out stretching at second . Atkins grounded out to first . Hawpe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Green homered to right . Quentin lined out to center . Snyder singled to center . Hernandez sacrificed to first , Snyder to second . Drew singled to center , Snyder scored , Drew to second advancing on throw . Hudson singled to right center , Drew scored . Gonzalez doubled to deep left center , Hudson scored . Tracy doubled to deep center , Gonzalez scored . Byrnes lined out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrealba grounded out to second . Smith singled to center . Gonzalez reached on infield single to pitcher , Smith to second . Cook sacrificed to catcher , Smith to third , Gonzalez to second . Sullivan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Green grounded out to pitcher . Quentin struck out swinging . Snyder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Barmes grounded out to second . Helton grounded out to second . Atkins singled to left . Hawpe grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Hernandez grounded out to second . Drew flied out to center . Hudson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrealba grounded out to pitcher . Smith grounded out to first . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez singled to center . Tracy hit by pitch , Gonzalez to second . Byrnes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tracy out at second , Gonzalez to third . Green walked . Martin pitching for Rockies . Spilborghs in left field . Quentin singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Green to second . Snyder doubled to left , Green scored , Quentin to third . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Spilborghs tripled to deep center . Sullivan tripled to deep right , Spilborghs scored . Barmes hit by pitch . Helton singled to right , Sullivan scored , Barmes to third . Atkins grounded into double play , third to second to first , Barmes scored , Helton out at second . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Hawpe walked . Torrealba struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Drew struck out swinging . Hudson doubled to center . Gonzalez struck out looking . Tracy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Freeman hit for Martin . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Smith struck out swinging . Freeman grounded out to shortstop . Mesa pitching for Rockies . Spilborghs grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Mesa pitching for Rockies . Byrnes grounded out to shortstop . Green singled to right . Quentin walked , Green to second . Callaspo hit for Vizcaino . Snyder lined out to third . King pitching for Rockies . Callaspo walked , Green to third , Quentin to second . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Sullivan struck out looking . Barmes struck out swinging . Helton safe at first on error by second baseman Hudson . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 9 - Rockies 5 .	Hernandez beats Rockies , earns first win as Diamondback