Padres - Top 1st . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Roberts walked . Giles walked , Roberts to second . Walker singled to center , Roberts scored , Giles to third . Gonzalez singled to center , Giles scored , Walker to third . Bard singled to left , Walker scored , Gonzalez to second . Cameron grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bard out at second , Gonzalez to third . Barfield grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cameron out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Hensley pitching for Padres . Matsui reached on infield single to shortstop . Helton singled to left , Matsui to second . Atkins reached on infield single to shortstop , Matsui to third , Helton to second . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matsui scored , Atkins out at second , Helton to third . Hawpe grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Alexander grounded out to third . Hensley struck out swinging . Roberts flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Hensley pitching for Padres . Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop . Torrealba struck out swinging . Carroll safe at first on error by first baseman Gonzalez . Jennings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 3rd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Giles grounded out to second . Walker walked . Gonzalez struck out looking . Bard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Hensley pitching for Padres . Matsui reached on infield single to first . Helton flied out to center . Atkins grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matsui out at second . Holliday grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Cameron doubled to deep center . Barfield singled to deep center , Cameron scored . Alexander flied into double play , right to first , Barfield doubled off first . Hensley grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Hensley pitching for Padres . Hawpe grounded out to first . Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop . Torrealba doubled to left . Carroll walked . Torrealba to third , Carroll to second on wild pitch by Hensley . Jennings grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Roberts walked . Roberts stole second . Giles walked . Walker grounded out to first , Roberts to third , Giles to second . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Bard grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Roberts scored , Gonzalez out at second , Giles to third . Cameron walked , Bard to second . Barfield flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Hensley pitching for Padres . Matsui singled to left center . Helton lined out to left . Atkins singled to center , Matsui to third . Martin pitching for Rockies . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Atkins out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Alexander grounded out to first . Hensley flied out to right . Roberts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Hensley pitching for Padres . Hawpe walked . Spilborghs grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hawpe out at second . Torrealba flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Giles flied out to left . Walker grounded out to second . Bellhorn at third base . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Sullivan hit for Martin . Hensley pitching for Padres . Carroll struck out swinging . Sullivan struck out swinging . Mesa pitching for Rockies . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Mesa pitching for Rockies . Bard grounded out to pitcher . Cameron lined out to right . Barfield singled to right . Meredith pitching for Padres . Alexander flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Meredith pitching for Padres . Helton singled to left . Atkins flied out to right . Holliday flied out to center . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez in right field . Piazza hit for Meredith . Hawpe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Piazza flied out to left . Roberts grounded out to pitcher . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Giles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Spilborghs grounded out to second . Torrealba struck out looking . Carroll reached on infield single to shortstop . Carroll to second on fielder 's indifference . Gonzalez singled to center , Carroll scored . Hoffman pitching for Padres . Matsui safe at first on error by first baseman Gonzalez , Gonzalez to second . Helton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matsui out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Padres 5 - Rockies 2 .	Hensley bounces back to lead Pads past Rockies