Mets - Top 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Reyes doubled to deep left . Lo Duca sacrificed to pitcher , Reyes to third . Beltran hit sacrifice fly to center , Reyes scored . Wright homered to right . Franco singled to right . Valentin grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Perez pitching for Mets . Carroll reached on infield single to shortstop , Carroll to second on throwing error by shortstop Reyes . Helton walked . Atkins reached on infield single to third , Carroll to third , Helton to second . Holliday singled to center , Carroll and Helton scored , Atkins to second . Spilborghs struck out swinging . Iannetta singled to center , Atkins scored , Holliday to second . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Freeman flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Green struck out looking . Chavez singled to left . Perez bunted into double play , pitcher to shortstop to second , Chavez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Perez pitching for Mets . Francis singled to left . Carroll singled to left center , Francis to second . Helton flied out to center . Atkins walked , Francis to third , Carroll to second . Holliday lined into double play , third to second , Carroll doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Reyes grounded out to third . Lo Duca singled to center . Beltran singled to left , Lo Duca to second . Wright flied out to center , Lo Duca to third . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Perez pitching for Mets . Spilborghs singled to right . Iannetta flied out to right . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to shortstop , Spilborghs to second . Freeman singled to right , Spilborghs scored , Tulowitzki to third . Francis singled to left , Tulowitzki scored , Freeman to second . Carroll grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Francis out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Valentin walked . Green flied out to center . Chavez doubled to right , Valentin to third . Perez struck out swinging . Reyes doubled to deep left , Valentin and Chavez scored . Reyes stole third . Lo Duca walked . Beltran lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Perez pitching for Mets . Helton singled to left . Oliver pitching for Mets . Atkins homered to left , Helton scored . Holliday lined out to left . Spilborghs safe at first on error by pitcher Oliver . Iannetta grounded out to third , Spilborghs to second . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Wright singled to left . Franco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wright out at second . Valentin doubled to deep left . Green grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Oliver pitching for Mets . Freeman tripled to deep right center . Francis hit sacrifice fly to center , Freeman scored . Carroll singled to right . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Helton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Carroll out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Chavez struck out swinging . Oliver struck out swinging . Reyes singled to right center . Lo Duca flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Oliver pitching for Mets . Atkins struck out looking . Holliday grounded out to second . Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Beltran grounded out to shortstop . Wright grounded out to third . Bradford pitching for Mets . Franco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Bradford pitching for Mets . Iannetta grounded out to catcher . Tulowitzki struck out looking . King pitching for Rockies . Freeman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . King pitching for Rockies . Valentin grounded out to shortstop . Green grounded out to second . Woodward hit for Bradford . Chavez reached on infield single to catcher . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Barmes hit for King . Woodward flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Barmes grounded out to third . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Helton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Reyes popped out to second . Lo Duca doubled to deep center . Beltran struck out swinging . Wright grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 4 - Rockies 8 .	Francis a big hit at plate as Rockies avoid sweep by Mets