Giants - Top 1st . Hampson pitching for Rockies . Winn lined out to left . Vizquel singled to center . Hillenbrand flied out to left . Vizquel to second on wild pitch by Hampson . Bonds singled to right , Vizquel scored . Durham homered to left , Bonds scored . Alou walked . Feliz struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Lowry pitching for Giants . Carroll singled to right . Spilborghs reached on bunt single to first , Carroll to second . Atkins singled to left , Carroll scored , Spilborghs to second . Holliday walked , Spilborghs to third , Atkins to second . Helton singled to right , Spilborghs and Atkins scored , Holliday to second . Baker homered to right , Holliday and Helton scored . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Iannetta walked . Hampson sacrificed to pitcher , Iannetta to second . Carroll reached on infield single to third , Iannetta to third . Spilborghs grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Hampson pitching for Rockies . Greene grounded out to shortstop . Lowry singled to right . Winn walked , Lowry to second . Vizquel grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Winn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Lowry pitching for Giants . Atkins lined out to third . Holliday singled to right . Helton singled to center , Holliday to third . Munter pitching for Giants . Baker homered to left , Holliday and Helton scored . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Iannetta grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Hampson pitching for Rockies . Hillenbrand singled to center . Bonds flied out to center . Durham safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki , Hillenbrand to second . Alou flied out to center , Hillenbrand to third . Feliz popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Munter pitching for Giants . Hampson walked . Carroll hit by pitch , Hampson to second . Spilborghs sacrificed to third , Hampson to third , Carroll to second . Atkins doubled to deep center , Hampson and Carroll scored . Wilson pitching for Giants . Holliday doubled to deep right , Atkins scored . Helton lined out to shortstop . Baker struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Ellison hit for Wilson . Hampson pitching for Rockies . Greene struck out swinging . Ellison tripled to deep center . Winn flied out to center . Vizquel singled to center , Ellison scored . Hillenbrand singled to center , Vizquel to second . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Bonds grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Tulowitzki singled to center . Iannetta walked , Tulowitzki to second . Hampson bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Iannetta out at second , Tulowitzki to third . Carroll popped out to third . Spilborghs walked , Hampson to second . Atkins doubled to left , Tulowitzki , Hampson and Spilborghs scored . Holliday struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Hampson pitching for Rockies . Durham grounded out to third . Alou lined out to shortstop . Feliz reached on infield single to shortstop . Greene homered to left , Feliz scored . De La Rosa at shortstop . Lewis in left field . Frandsen at second base . Linden in right field . Sanchez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Helton flied out to left . Baker doubled to deep right . Tulowitzki grounded out to second , Baker to third . Colina hit for Hampson . Iannetta walked . Colina singled to left , Baker scored , Iannetta to second . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Carroll struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Winn singled to right center . De La Rosa struck out looking . Chulk pitching for Giants . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Winn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Chulk pitching for Giants . Spilborghs walked . Atkins singled to left , Spilborghs to second . Castilla hit for Helton . Holliday doubled to deep right center , Spilborghs and Atkins scored . Castilla struck out swinging . Baker grounded out to third . Carroll at third base . Barmes at second base . Castilla at first base . Tulowitzki flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Linden flied out to center . Frandsen popped out to first . Kline pitching for Giants . Knoedler catching . Niekro at first base . Lewis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Freeman hit for Ramirez . Kline pitching for Giants . Iannetta flied out to left . Freeman struck out swinging . Bautista pitching for Rockies . Carroll grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Bautista pitching for Rockies . Feliz popped out to second . Knoedler singled to left . Niekro struck out swinging . Sadler pitching for Giants . Sweeney in left field . Lewis in center field . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Knoedler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Sadler pitching for Giants . Spilborghs homered to left . Salazar hit for Holliday . Barmes struck out swinging . Salazar homered to right . Castilla lined out to center . Spilborghs in left field . Salazar in center field . Baker grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Bautista pitching for Rockies . De La Rosa reached on infield single to third . Sweeney doubled to deep center , De La Rosa scored . Linden popped out to shortstop . Frandsen flied out to right , Sweeney to third . Lewis singled to right , Sweeney scored . Feliz struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 8 - Rockies 20 .	Giants nearly cooked after Baker , Rockies roll 20 - 8