Braves - Top 1st . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Giles struck out swinging . Renteria grounded out to third . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Matsui grounded out to first . Salazar struck out swinging . Atkins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Jones walked . McCann singled to right , Jones to second . Francoeur singled to left , Jones scored , McCann to second . Aybar grounded out to first , McCann to third , Francoeur to second . Diaz struck out looking . Hudson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Holliday grounded out to third . Helton singled to right . Baker homered to center , Helton scored . Tulowitzki singled to right . Tulowitzki stole second . Iannetta struck out swinging . Fogg struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Giles singled to left . Renteria grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Giles out at second . LaRoche doubled to deep right . Jones walked . McCann doubled to deep center , LaRoche and Jones scored . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . Salazar grounded out to second . Atkins fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Aybar doubled to deep right , Aybar out stretching at third . Diaz reached on infield single to shortstop . Hudson sacrificed to pitcher , Diaz to second . Giles flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Holliday walked . Helton singled to right , Holliday to second . Baker struck out swinging . Tulowitzki singled to right , Holliday to third , Helton to second . Iannetta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Holliday out at home , Helton to third , Tulowitzki to second . Fogg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Renteria flied out to center . LaRoche grounded out to second . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Matsui singled to left . Matsui stole second . Salazar walked . Matsui to third , Salazar to second on passed ball by McCann . Atkins walked . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Matsui out at home , Salazar to third , Atkins to second . Helton doubled to deep center , Salazar and Atkins scored , Holliday to third . Baker grounded out to shortstop , Holliday scored , Helton to third . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Fogg pitching for Rockies . McCann grounded out to first . Francoeur grounded out to second . Aybar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Iannetta doubled to left . Fogg sacrificed to catcher , Iannetta to third . Matsui singled to center , Iannetta scored . Paronto pitching for Braves . Salazar walked , Matsui to second . Atkins flied out to left . Holliday popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Orr hit for Paronto . Fogg pitching for Rockies . Diaz grounded out to third . Orr struck out swinging . Field pitching for Rockies . Giles doubled to deep left center . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Renteria struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Helton flied out to center . Baker grounded out to shortstop . King pitching for Rockies . Hawpe in right field . Tulowitzki lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . King pitching for Rockies . LaRoche walked . Jones lined out to left . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Pena Jr ran for McCann . McCann doubled to deep center , LaRoche scored . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pena Jr out at third . Pratt catching . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Francoeur out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Iannetta singled to deep left , Iannetta out stretching at second . Hawpe flied out to left . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Pena hit for Villarreal . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Diaz struck out swinging . Pena walked . Giles grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 4 - Rockies 6 .	Helton comes through to push Rockies past Braves