Rockies - Top 1st. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Blackmon popped out to shortstop. LeMahieu grounded out to third. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Gray pitching for Rockies. Villar struck out looking. Thames struck out looking. Braun flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Arenado hit by pitch. Story struck out swinging. Parra struck out swinging. Reynolds homered to left (383 feet), Arenado scored. Wolters struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Gray pitching for Rockies. Shaw doubled to left. Santana grounded out to shortstop, Shaw to third. Broxton struck out swinging. Bandy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Gray grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon safe at first on throwing error by catcher Bandy. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop, Blackmon to second. Blackmon picked off second. González batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Gray pitching for Rockies. Arcia singled to right center. Guerra sacrificed to first, Arcia to second. Villar struck out swinging. Thames walked. Braun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Milone pitching for Brewers. González struck out looking. Arenado singled to right. Story doubled to left, Arenado to third. Parra singled to center, Arenado scored, Story to third. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Story scored, Parra out at second. Wolters grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Shaw struck out looking. Santana grounded out to third. Broxton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Milone pitching for Brewers. Gray popped out to second. Blackmon struck out swinging. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Bandy singled to center. Arcia walked, Bandy to second. Aguilar hit for Milone. Aguilar singled to left center, Bandy to third, Arcia to second. Villar doubled to center, Bandy and Arcia scored, Aguilar to third. Thames doubled to right, Aguilar and Villar scored. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Braun struck out swinging. Shaw doubled to center, Thames scored. Santana hit by pitch. Broxton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Santana out at second, Shaw to third. Bandy grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Torres pitching for Brewers. González grounded out to pitcher. Arenado singled to center. Story grounded into double play, third to second to first, Arenado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Arcia popped out to first. Nieuwenhuis hit for Torres. Nieuwenhuis flied out to center. Villar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Mariñez pitching for Brewers. Parra reached on bunt single to pitcher. Reynolds doubled to deep left, Parra thrown out at home. Wolters singled to right, Reynolds to third. Cardullo hit for Estévez. Cardullo walked, Wolters to second. Knebel pitching for Brewers. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds scored, Cardullo out at second, Wolters to third. LeMahieu struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Dunn pitching for Rockies. Thames struck out swinging. Braun walked. Shaw struck out swinging. Braun caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Barnes pitching for Brewers. González struck out swinging. Arenado grounded out to first. Story grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Santana walked. Broxton walked, Santana to second. Santana stole third. Broxton stole second. Bandy struck out looking. Arcia struck out swinging. Pérez hit for Barnes. Pérez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Hughes pitching for Brewers. Parra grounded out to second. Reynolds walked. Reynolds caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Wolters reached on infield single to second, Wolters to second on throwing error by second baseman Villar. Amarista hit for Ottavino. Amarista doubled to left, Wolters scored. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Holland pitching for Rockies. Villar walked. Thames lined out to center. Braun grounded into double play, third to second to first, Villar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 7 - Brewers 5.	Rockies win in debuts of Black, Holland, beat Brewers 7-5