Giants - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Span singled to center. Núñez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Span out at second. Belt popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Cain pitching for Giants. Sogard singled to center. Santana struck out swinging. Sogard caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Thames reached on infield single to shortstop. Aguilar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Posey flied out to center. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Pence struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Cain pitching for Giants. Pérez homered to left (409 feet). Bandy singled to center. Broxton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bandy out at second. Arcia singled to right, Broxton to third. Anderson bunt popped out foul to catcher. Sogard doubled to shallow left, Broxton and Arcia scored. Santana singled to left, Sogard scored. Thames walked, Santana to second. Aguilar reached on infield single to shortstop, Santana to third, Thames to second. Pérez flied out to center. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Panik walked. Slater grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Panik out at second. Cain struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Cain pitching for Giants. Bandy grounded out to third. Broxton walked. Arcia grounded out to second, Broxton to second. Anderson doubled to deep left, Broxton scored. Sogard flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Span popped out to shortstop. Núñez reached on infield single to first. Belt struck out swinging. Núñez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Cain pitching for Giants. Santana singled to center. Thames struck out looking. Aguilar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Posey flied out to center. Crawford safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Aguilar. Crawford to second on passed ball by Bandy. Pence grounded out to shortstop, Crawford to third. Panik grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Cain pitching for Giants. Pérez grounded out to pitcher. Bandy lined out to third. Broxton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Slater grounded out to third. Tomlinson hit for Cain. Tomlinson struck out swinging. Span singled to center. Núñez singled to center, Span to second. Belt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Arcia flied out to left. Anderson struck out swinging. Sogard grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Posey singled to center. Crawford grounded into double play, third to second to first, Posey out at second. Pence grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Santana flied out to center. Thames grounded out to first. Aguilar singled to left. Pérez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Panik flied out to left. Slater reached on infield single to shortstop. Hill hit for Gearrin. Hill fouled out to left. Torres pitching for Brewers. Phillips in left field. Span grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Morris pitching for Giants. Bandy struck out swinging. Broxton grounded out to pitcher. Arcia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Torres pitching for Brewers. Núñez singled to center. Belt singled to right, Núñez to third. Posey singled to left, Núñez scored, Belt to second. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Belt scored on throwing error by pitcher Torres, Posey safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Torres. Knebel pitching for Brewers. Pence struck out swinging. Panik grounded out to first, Posey to third, Crawford to second. Slater grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 2 - Brewers 5.	Anderson, Pérez lead Brewers past Giants 5-2