Brewers - Top 1st. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Sogard popped out to second. Santana doubled to left. Thames walked. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thames out at second, Santana to third. Pérez stole second. Piña doubled to left, Santana and Pérez scored. Villar doubled to left, Piña scored. Phillips struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Davies pitching for Brewers. Blanco safe at first on error by third baseman Sogard. Peralta grounded out to second, Blanco to second. Goldschmidt hit by pitch. Lamb homered to center (425 feet), Blanco and Goldschmidt scored. Owings grounded out to shortstop. Descalso flied out to left. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 2nd. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Arcia reached on infield single to second. Davies sacrificed to pitcher, Arcia to second. Sogard struck out looking. Santana walked. Thames grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Davies pitching for Brewers. Ahmed grounded out to first. Mathis struck out swinging. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Pérez grounded out to third. Piña flied out to right. Villar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Davies pitching for Brewers. Blanco walked. Peralta singled to left center, Blanco to second. Goldschmidt popped out to second. Lamb grounded out to first, Blanco to third, Peralta to second. Owings grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Phillips struck out looking. Arcia reached on infield single to shortstop. Davies sacrificed to pitcher, Arcia to second. Sogard grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Davies pitching for Brewers. Descalso flied out to center. Ahmed grounded out to second. Mathis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Thames flied out to center. Pérez homered to left (390 feet). Piña doubled to deep right. Villar struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Hazelbaker hit for Delgado. Davies pitching for Brewers. Hazelbaker struck out looking. Blanco struck out looking. Peralta doubled to left. Goldschmidt singled to center, Peralta scored. Lamb walked, Goldschmidt to second. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lamb out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Phillips singled to center, Phillips to second on error by left fielder Descalso. Arcia reached on bunt single to pitcher, Phillips to third. Aguilar hit for Davies. Aguilar doubled to deep left, Phillips and Arcia scored. Sogard struck out looking. Santana intentionally walked. Thames struck out swinging. Pérez grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Hughes pitching for Brewers. Descalso lined out to left. Ahmed grounded out to second. Mathis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Piña singled to center. Villar singled to left, Piña to second. Phillips sacrificed to pitcher, Piña to third, Villar to second. Herrmann catching. Wilhelmsen pitching for Diamondbacks. Arcia hit sacrifice fly to right, Piña scored, Villar to third. Franklin hit for Hughes. Franklin singled to left, Villar scored. Sogard lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Drake pitching for Brewers. Herrmann lined out to first. Blanco tripled to deep center. Peralta singled to center, Blanco scored. Goldschmidt singled to deep center, Peralta to second. Barnes pitching for Brewers. Lamb walked, Peralta to third, Goldschmidt to second. Owings hit sacrifice fly to left, Peralta scored, Goldschmidt to third, Lamb to second. Descalso walked. Ahmed grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Diamondbacks. Santana grounded out to third. Owings at shortstop. Drury at second base. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Thames doubled to left. Pérez intentionally walked. Piña flied out to right. Villar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Torres pitching for Brewers. Drury hit ground rule double to deep right. Herrmann grounded out to second, Drury to third. Sogard at second base. Pérez at third base. Broxton in center field. Phillips in left field. Blanco lined out to second. Bandy catching. Knebel pitching for Brewers. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Phillips struck out swinging. Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks. Arcia walked. Arcia stole second. Bandy struck out looking. Sogard lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Knebel pitching for Brewers. Goldschmidt lined out to right. Lamb struck out swinging. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 8 - Diamondbacks 6.	Brewers end D-backs' 9-game home win streak with 8-6 victory