Padres - Top 1st. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Córdoba bunt grounded out to pitcher. Cordero struck out swinging. Myers reached on infield single to shortstop. Solarte flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Sogard reached on bunt single to third, Sogard to second on throwing error by third baseman Spangenberg. Thames grounded out to pitcher. Pérez grounded out to third. Shaw grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 2nd. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Renfroe hit by pitch. Spangenberg struck out swinging. Aybar walked, Renfroe to second. Torrens grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Aybar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Piña singled to center. Broxton singled to right, Piña to second. Brinson reached on infield single to shortstop, Piña to third, Broxton to second. Arcia grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Piña out at home, Broxton to third, Brinson to second. Nelson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Perdomo struck out looking. Córdoba grounded out to shortstop. Cordero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Sogard doubled to deep right. Thames walked. Pérez fouled out to catcher. Shaw flied into double play, center to shortstop to pitcher, Sogard doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Myers lined out to left. Solarte grounded out to second. Renfroe popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Piña grounded out to shortstop. Broxton struck out swinging. Brinson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Spangenberg reached on infield single to pitcher, Spangenberg to second on throwing error by pitcher Nelson. Aybar singled to center, Spangenberg scored, Aybar to second on error by center fielder Broxton. Torrens grounded out to shortstop, Aybar to third. Perdomo grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Aybar out at home. Córdoba grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Arcia flied out to right. Nelson reached on infield single to third. Sogard walked, Nelson to second. Thames grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Sogard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Cordero struck out swinging. Myers struck out swinging. Solarte singled to center. Renfroe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Pérez homered to left center (382 feet). Shaw grounded out to second. Piña homered to center (433 feet). Broxton grounded out to shortstop. Brinson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Spangenberg reached on infield single to second. Aybar grounded out to second, Spangenberg to second. Torrens walked. Szczur hit for Perdomo. Szczur struck out swinging. Córdoba grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Stammen pitching for Padres. Arcia struck out swinging. Nelson struck out swinging. Sogard grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Cordero struck out swinging. Myers singled to left. Solarte grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Myers out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Stammen pitching for Padres. Thames lined out to left. Pérez grounded out to third. Shaw singled to center. Piña grounded into fielder's choice to third, Shaw out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Renfroe struck out looking. Spangenberg lined out to first. Aybar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 1 - Brewers 2.	Nelson whiffs 10 in 1st CG as Brewers nip Padres 2-1