Mariners - Top 1st. Bundy pitching for Angels. Crawford hit ground rule double to deep right. Haggerty struck out swinging. Lewis grounded out to shortstop, Crawford to third. Seager flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Fletcher struck out swinging. Ohtani struck out swinging. Trout reached on infield single to catcher. Rendon doubled to deep left, Trout scored. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Bundy pitching for Angels. Nola grounded out to pitcher. Marmolejos doubled to deep center. Lopes doubled to left, Marmolejos scored. Long Jr. grounded out to second, Lopes to third. Fraley walked. Fraley stole second. Crawford popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Upton walked. Adell homered to left (437 feet), Upton scored. Bemboom flied out to center. Simmons struck out swinging. Fletcher lined out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Bundy pitching for Angels. Haggerty grounded out to second. Lewis struck out swinging. Seager flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Ohtani struck out swinging. Trout popped out to second. Rendon grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Bundy pitching for Angels. Nola walked. Marmolejos grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Nola out at second. Lopes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Pujols popped out to first. Upton flied out to right. Adell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Bundy pitching for Angels. Long Jr. grounded out to second. Fraley flied out to right. Crawford singled to shallow left. Crawford caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Dylan Bundy pitches to Sam Haggerty. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Bemboom flied out to left. Simmons singled to right. Fletcher walked, Simmons to second. Ohtani struck out looking. Trout walked, Fletcher to second, Simmons to third. Rendon walked, Simmons scored, Trout to second, Fletcher to third. Gerber pitching for Mariners. Pujols singled to center, Fletcher scored and Trout scored, Rendon to third. Upton grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Bundy pitching for Angels. Haggerty walked. Lewis flied out to center. Quijada pitching for Angels. Seager grounded out to first, Haggerty to second. Nola grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Fletcher pitching for Mariners. Adell homered to right center (379 feet). Bemboom hit by pitch. Simmons singled to center, Bemboom to second. Fletcher grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Simmons out at second, Bemboom to third. Ohtani walked. Trout doubled to center, Bemboom scored and Ohtani scored. Rendon walked. Grotz pitching for Mariners. Pujols walked, Rendon to second, Trout to third. Upton walked, Trout scored, Pujols to second, Rendon to third. Adell struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Buchter pitching for Angels. Marmolejos walked. Lopes flied out to left. Long Jr. flied out to center. Fraley popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Strange-Gordon at shortstop. Bishop in center field. Grotz pitching for Mariners. Bemboom reached on infield single to pitcher. Simmons walked, Bemboom to second. Fletcher reached on infield single to third, Simmons to second, Bemboom to third. Ohtani grounded out to second, Bemboom scored, Fletcher to second, Simmons to third. Trout homered to left (405 feet), Simmons scored and Fletcher scored. Rendon walked. Rengifo ran for Rendon. Pujols popped out to second. Upton hit by pitch, Rengifo to second. Adell flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Rengifo at third base. Middleton pitching for Angels. Strange-Gordon singled to left. Haggerty walked, Strange-Gordon to second. Bishop singled to left center, Strange-Gordon scored, Haggerty to second. Seager popped out to third. Odom hit for Nola. Odom lined into double play, third to second, Haggerty doubled off second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Odom catching. Tim Lopes pitching for Mariners. Bemboom reached on infield single to third. Simmons walked, Bemboom to second. Fletcher singled to left, Simmons to second, Bemboom to third. Ohtani grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bemboom scored, Fletcher out at second, Simmons to third. Trout hit sacrifice fly to left, Simmons scored. Rengifo flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Bard pitching for Angels. Marmolejos flied out to left. Lopes struck out swinging. Long Jr. homered to center (414 feet). Fraley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Angels 16.	Adell hits first two HRs, Trout drives in 6 in Angels' rout