Rangers - Top 1st. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Taveras singled to left center. Kiner-Falefa lined out to center. Solak struck out swinging. Trevino lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Gibson pitching for Rangers. Crawford grounded out to third. Moore grounded out to shortstop. Lewis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Choo singled to shallow left center. Heineman grounded into double play, third to first to first to third, Choo out at third. White flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Gibson pitching for Rangers. Seager singled to right. France flied out to right. Marmolejos grounded out to first, Seager to second. White grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Mathis grounded out to shortstop. Tejeda grounded out to third. Taveras walked. Kiner-Falefa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Taveras out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Gibson pitching for Rangers. Ervin fouled out to right. Torrens singled to deep center. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Torrens out at second. Moore walked, Crawford to second. Lewis singled to center, Crawford scored, Moore to third. Seager hit by pitch, Lewis to second. France walked, Moore scored, Seager to second, Lewis to third. Marmolejos lined out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Solak singled to right center. Trevino fouled out to first. Choo reached on bunt single to catcher, Solak to second. Choo stole second, Solak stole third. Heineman grounded out to shortstop, Solak scored. White struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Gibson pitching for Rangers. White struck out swinging. Ervin grounded out to shortstop. Torrens struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Mathis struck out swinging. Tejeda singled to shallow center. Tejeda stole second. Taveras grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tejeda out at third. Taveras stole second. Kiner-Falefa struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Gibson pitching for Rangers. Crawford reached on infield single to first. Moore singled to center, Crawford to third. Lewis struck out swinging. Seager walked. France reached on infield single to third, Seager to second, Moore to third. Martin pitching for Rangers. Marmolejos struck out looking. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. Solak reached on infield single to third. Trevino grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Solak out at second. Choo singled to left. Heineman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Choo out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Martin pitching for Rangers. White bunt grounded out to first. Ervin flied out to left. Torrens flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Sheffield pitching for Mariners. White struck out swinging. Mathis flied out to right. Tejeda homered to left (390 feet). Taveras struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Rodríguez pitching for Rangers. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. Moore flied out to right. Hernandez pitching for Rangers. Lewis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Gerber pitching for Mariners. Kiner-Falefa singled to right, Kiner-Falefa out stretching at second. Solak grounded out to third. Trevino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Rangers. Seager hit by pitch. France singled to center, Seager to second. Marmolejos singled to right center, Seager scored, France to third. Strange-Gordon ran for Marmolejos. White singled to center, France scored, Strange-Gordon to third. Ervin doubled to left, Strange-Gordon scored, White to third. Torrens grounded out to first. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ervin to third, White out at home. Moore flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Strange-Gordon as designated hitter. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Choo homered to right (384 feet). Dietrich hit for Heineman. Dietrich lined out to shortstop. Guzmán hit for White. Guzmán struck out swinging. Gallo hit for Mathis. Gallo flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 3 - Mariners 5.	Marmolejo's RBI single in 8th lifts Mariners over Rangers