Athletics - Top 1st. Dunn pitching for Mariners. Kemp grounded out to first. Grossman homered to right (350 feet). La Stella walked. Canha lined out to third. Olson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Blackburn pitching for Athletics. Crawford grounded out to first. Seager fouled out to left. France grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Dunn pitching for Mariners. Murphy grounded out to third. Lamb struck out looking. Machín lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Athletics. Marmolejos struck out swinging. Lopes popped out to shortstop. White popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Dunn pitching for Mariners. Orf grounded out to shortstop. Kemp reached on infield single to third, Kemp safe at second on throwing error by third baseman France. Grossman popped out to shortstop. La Stella grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Blackburn pitching for Athletics. Bishop struck out swinging. Strange-Gordon singled to center. Strange-Gordon stole second. Odom singled to shallow left, Strange-Gordon to third. Crawford doubled to deep left, Strange-Gordon scored, Odom to third. Odom scored on Blackburn wild pitch, Crawford to third on wild pitch by Blackburn. Seager walked. France doubled to left, Crawford scored, Seager to third. Marmolejos walked. Lopes singled to right, Seager scored, Marmolejos to second, France to third. Kaprielian pitching for Athletics. White reached on infield single to third, France scored, Lopes to second, Marmolejos to third. Bishop walked, Marmolejos scored, White to second, Lopes to third. Strange-Gordon singled to center, Lopes scored and White scored, Bishop to third. Odom struck out looking. Crawford grounded out to second. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Dunn pitching for Mariners. Canha walked. Olson fouled out to third. Murphy doubled to deep left center, Canha to third. Lamb singled to deep right, Canha scored, Murphy to third. Machín grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Lamb out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Kaprielian pitching for Athletics. Seager homered to right (384 feet). France struck out swinging. Marmolejos flied out to center. Lopes struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Dunn pitching for Mariners. Orf lined out to third. Kemp grounded out to second. Grossman homered to right (379 feet). La Stella reached on infield single to second. Canha grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, La Stella out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Weems pitching for Athletics. White homered to center (440 feet). Bishop lined out to right. Strange-Gordon walked. Odom walked, Strange-Gordon to second. Crawford singled to left, Strange-Gordon scored, Odom to second. Seager fouled out to third. France flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Lockett pitching for Mariners. Olson singled to right. Murphy flied out to right. Lamb popped out to third. Machín singled to right center, Olson to second. Orf struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. McFarland pitching for Athletics. Marmolejos grounded out to first. Lopes homered to left (376 feet). White doubled to deep left center. Bishop grounded out to third. Strange-Gordon grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Lockett pitching for Mariners. Kemp fouled out to third. Grossman singled to right. La Stella grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Grossman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Mariners 12.	J.P. Crawford delivers all day as Mariners sweep DH with A's