Astros - Top 1st . Gallardo pitching for Mariners . Springer popped out to shortstop . Reddick grounded out to third . Altuve singled to right . Correa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Altuve out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Fiers pitching for Astros . Dyson walked . Haniger struck out swinging . Dyson stole second . Canó singled to center , Dyson scored . Cruz singled to left center , Canó to third . Seager safe at first on error by shortstop Correa , Canó scored , Cruz to second . Motter popped out to second . Zunino struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Mariners . Beltrán fouled out to left . Bregman walked . McCann grounded into double play , first to third to pitcher , Bregman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Fiers pitching for Astros . Freeman homered to right center ( 357 feet ) . Martín fouled out to first . Dyson flied out to right . Haniger reached on infield single to third . Haniger stole second . Canó flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Mariners . Gurriel flied out to center . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . Springer grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Fiers pitching for Astros . Cruz struck out looking . Seager singled to right . Motter homered to left ( 384 feet ) , Seager scored . Zunino grounded out to third . Freeman grounded out to . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Gallardo pitching for Mariners . Reddick walked . Altuve walked , Reddick to second . Correa singled to left , Reddick to third , Altuve to second . Beltrán struck out swinging . Bregman struck out swinging . McCann walked , Reddick scored , Altuve to third , Correa to second . Gurriel reached on infield single to second , Altuve scored , Correa to third , McCann to second , Correa thrown out at home attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Fiers pitching for Astros . Martín struck out swinging . Dyson popped out to shortstop . Haniger struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Gallardo pitching for Mariners . Aoki doubled to right . Springer grounded out to second , Aoki to third . Reddick singled to left , Aoki scored . Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop , Reddick to second . Correa lined out to right . Beltrán singled to right , Reddick scored , Altuve to second . Bregman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Altuve out at third , Beltrán to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Sipp pitching for Astros . Canó grounded out to shortstop . Cruz flied out to right . Seager grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Rzepczynski pitching for Mariners . McCann grounded out to first . Gurriel grounded out to second . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Motter struck out looking . Zunino singled to right center . Freeman grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Zunino out at second . Martín struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Altavilla pitching for Mariners . Springer grounded out to shortstop . Reddick singled to right . Altuve singled to right , Reddick to second . Correa singled to left , Reddick scored , Altuve to second . Beltrán fouled out to third . Bregman doubled to left , Altuve scored , Correa to third . McCann intentionally walked . Correa scored , Bregman to third , McCann to second on wild pitch by Altavilla . Gurriel fouled out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Dyson grounded out to pitcher . Haniger grounded out to pitcher . Canó flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Overton pitching for Mariners . Aoki singled to center . Marisnick ran for Aoki . Springer singled to center , Marisnick to second . Marisnick to third , Springer to second on wild pitch by Overton . Reddick hit sacrifice fly to left , Marisnick scored . Altuve intentionally walked . Marshall pitching for Mariners . Correa struck out swinging . Beltrán doubled to deep left center , Springer and Altuve scored . Bregman singled to left , Beltrán to third . McCann struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Springer in right field . Reddick in left field . Marisnick in center field . Gregerson pitching for Astros . Cruz grounded out to first . Seager lined out to left . Motter doubled to left . Zunino flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Marshall pitching for Mariners . Gurriel singled to center . Marisnick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gurriel out at second . Springer grounded into double play , third to second to first , Marisnick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Gustave pitching for Astros . Freeman singled to left . Martín grounded out to pitcher , Freeman to second . Dyson popped out to third . Haniger grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 10 - Mariners 5 .	Altuve , bullpen rally Astros past Mariners 10 - 5