Astros - Top 1st . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Reddick flied out to right . Beltrán grounded out to shortstop . Altuve struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Santana grounded out to third . Lindor walked . Brantley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lindor out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Correa struck out looking . McCann grounded out to first . Bregman grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Encarnación struck out swinging . Ramírez doubled to deep right . Kipnis safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Altuve , Ramírez to third . Guyer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kipnis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 3rd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Gurriel doubled to deep center . Gattis struck out looking . Aoki singled to shallow left , Gurriel to third . Reddick popped out to shortstop . Beltrán struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Gomes grounded out to third . Jackson homered to right center ( 390 feet ) . Santana grounded out to third . Lindor grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Altuve grounded out to second . Correa singled to center . McCann grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Correa out at second . Bregman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCann out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . Encarnación lined out to third . Ramírez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Gurriel singled to left . Gattis reached on infield single to shortstop , Gurriel to second . Aoki doubled to deep right , Gurriel scored , Gattis to third . Reddick singled to shallow left center , Gattis and Aoki scored , Reddick to second advancing on throw . Beltrán struck out swinging . Altuve struck out looking . Correa flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Kipnis flied out to center . Guyer grounded out to second . Gomes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . McCann flied out to center . Bregman singled to left . Gurriel safe at first on error by shortstop Lindor , Bregman to third . Gattis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gurriel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 6th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Jackson grounded out to first . Santana walked . Lindor grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Logan pitching for Indians . Aoki lined out to left . Reddick struck out swinging . Beltrán popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Hernández in right field . Aoki in left field . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Brantley struck out swinging . Encarnación walked . Ramírez flied out to right . Kipnis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Goody pitching for Indians . Altuve walked . Correa singled to center , Altuve to third . McCann struck out swinging . Bregman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Correa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Guyer struck out looking . Gomes singled to right center . Springer in right field . González at second base . Jackson flied out to center . Santana reached on infield single to third , Gomes to second . Lindor lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Goody pitching for Indians . Gurriel fouled out to left . Gattis hit by pitch . Miller pitching for Indians . Aoki reached on infield single to catcher , Gattis to second , Gattis to third , Aoki to second on throwing error by catcher Gomes . Reddick singled to right , Gattis scored , Aoki to third . Springer lined out to right , Aoki out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 9th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Brantley homered to right ( 383 feet ) . Encarnación flied out to left . Ramírez singled to right . Kipnis struck out swinging . Guyer grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 4 - Indians 2 .	Astros ' Keuchel wins again ; Altuve leaves after collision