Orioles - Top 1st . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . Smith singled to left . Schoop homered to left ( 329 feet ) , Smith scored . Machado struck out swinging . Trumbo flied out to right . Davis struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Asher pitching for Orioles . Springer hit by pitch . Reddick grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Springer out at second . Altuve grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . Castillo safe at first on throwing error by third baseman González . Kim singled to right , Castillo to second . Rickard struck out looking . Janish grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Castillo to third , Kim safe at second on throwing error by pitcher McCullers Jr .. Smith struck out looking . Schoop reached on infield single to shortstop , Castillo scored , Kim to third , Janish to second . Machado grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Asher pitching for Orioles . Correa reached on infield single to shortstop . Beltrán walked , Correa to second . Gattis struck out swinging , Correa to third , Beltrán to second on wild pitch by Asher . González doubled to deep left , Correa and Beltrán scored . Gurriel doubled to deep left , González scored . Aoki grounded out to second , Gurriel to third . Springer homered to left center ( 422 feet ) , Gurriel scored . Reddick tripled to deep right . Altuve singled to center , Reddick scored . Correa grounded out to third . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . Trumbo grounded out to third . Davis struck out looking . Castillo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Jiménez pitching for Orioles . Beltrán doubled to deep right . Gattis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Beltrán out at third . González grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Gattis out at second . Gurriel singled to center , Gattis scored . Aoki doubled to left center , Gurriel to third . Gurriel scored , Aoki to third on wild pitch by Jiménez . Springer struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . Kim walked . Rickard struck out swinging . Janish grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kim out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Reddick struck out swinging . Altuve fouled out to first . Correa singled to right . Beltrán grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . Smith grounded out to first . Schoop struck out swinging . Machado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Gattis fouled out to third . González singled to center , González to second on error by center fielder Rickard . Gurriel struck out swinging . Aoki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 6th . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . Trumbo walked . Davis flied out to left . Castillo singled to right , Trumbo to second . Kim struck out swinging . Rickard grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Springer grounded out to shortstop . Reddick grounded out to second . Altuve lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Feliz pitching for Astros . Janish lined out to second . Smith struck out swinging . Schoop struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . Correa lined out to center . Beltrán grounded out to third . Gattis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Hoyt pitching for Astros . Machado struck out looking . Trumbo homered to right center ( 408 feet ) . Davis struck out swinging . Castillo flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Jimenez pitching for Orioles . González grounded out to second . Gurriel lined out to right . Aoki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Sipp pitching for Astros . Kim struck out looking . Rickard singled to center . Mancini hit for Janish . Mancini grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rickard out at second . Hardy hit for Smith . Hardy lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 4 - Astros 8 .	Springer , McCullers , Astros hand Orioles 7th loss in row 8 - 4