Rangers - Top 1st . Martes pitching for Astros . DeShields struck out swinging . Choo lined out to first . Mazara grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Cashner pitching for Rangers . Springer struck out swinging . Altuve doubled to right . Altuve to third on wild pitch by Cashner . Correa grounded out to shortstop , Altuve scored . Beltrán lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Martes pitching for Astros . Beltré popped out to third . Odor struck out swinging . Lucroy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Cashner pitching for Rangers . McCann doubled to deep left . González singled to center , McCann scored . Gurriel singled to left , González to second . Fisher flied out to left . Marisnick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , González out at third , Gurriel to second . Springer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Marisnick out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Martes pitching for Astros . Gallo struck out swinging . Profar singled to left center . Hoying struck out swinging . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Profar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Cashner pitching for Rangers . Altuve reached on infield single to third . Correa singled to right , Altuve to third . Beltrán lined into double play , to first , Correa doubled off first . McCann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Martes pitching for Astros . Choo reached on infield single to shortstop . Mazara flied out to right . Beltré flied out to center . Odor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Cashner pitching for Rangers . González grounded out to second . Gurriel reached on infield single to shortstop . Gurriel to second on wild pitch by Cashner . Fisher walked . Marisnick struck out swinging . Springer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Martes pitching for Astros . Lucroy doubled to deep center . Gallo walked . Profar hit by pitch , Lucroy to third , Gallo to second . Hoying struck out swinging . Lucroy scored , Gallo to third , Profar to second on wild pitch by Martes . DeShields walked . Choo fouled out to third . Mazara struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Cashner pitching for Rangers . Altuve doubled to deep left . Correa singled to right , Altuve to third . Beltrán singled to left center , Altuve scored , Correa to third . Jeffress pitching for Rangers . McCann grounded out to second , Correa scored , Beltrán to second . González flied out to center , Beltrán to third . Gurriel fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Hoyt pitching for Astros . Beltré struck out swinging . Odor grounded out to second . Lucroy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Jeffress pitching for Rangers . Fisher homered to left ( 337 feet ) . Marisnick homered to left ( 339 feet ) . Springer singled to shallow right . Altuve hit by pitch , Springer to second . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Correa walked , Springer to third , Altuve to second . Beltrán walked , Springer scored , Altuve to third , Correa to second . McCann singled to right , Altuve scored , Correa to third , Beltrán to second . González singled to shallow center , Correa and Beltrán scored , McCann to second . Gee pitching for Rangers . Gurriel grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , González out at second , McCann to third . Fisher singled to right center , McCann scored . Marisnick hit by pitch , Fisher to second . Springer doubled to right center , Fisher and Marisnick scored . Bregman hit for Altuve . Bregman grounded out to shortstop . 9 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Bregman at third base . González at second base . Hoyt pitching for Astros . Gallo homered to center ( 459 feet ) . Profar struck out swinging . Hoying struck out swinging . DeShields grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Rua at first base . Kozma at second base . Gallo at third base . Gee pitching for Rangers . Correa struck out looking . Beltrán struck out swinging . McCann grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Aoki in right field . Sipp pitching for Astros . Choo singled to center . Mazara struck out swinging . Rua grounded into double play , third to second to first , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Gee pitching for Rangers . González singled to center . Gurriel grounded out to third , González to second . Fisher walked . Marisnick struck out looking . Aoki singled to left , González thrown out at home , Fisher to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Giles pitching for Astros . Kozma struck out looking . Lucroy singled to right . Gallo flied out to center . Profar reached on infield single to second , Lucroy to second . Hoying struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - Astros 13 .	Fisher homers in MLB debut as Astros down Rangers 13 - 2