Astros - Top 1st . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Springer lined out to second . Altuve walked . Reddick singled to right , Altuve out at third . Gurriel grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Peacock pitching for Astros . Hernández struck out looking . Galvis flied out to right . Williams lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . González grounded out to pitcher . Beltrán grounded out to pitcher . McCann homered to right center ( 401 feet ) . Bregman homered to right ( 388 feet ) . Peacock singled to right . Springer struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Peacock pitching for Astros . Franco grounded out to third . Herrera walked . Joseph doubled to deep center , Herrera scored . Knapp walked . Perkins lined into double play , center to first , Knapp doubled off first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Altuve doubled to deep left . Reddick walked . Gurriel grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reddick out at second , Altuve to third . González singled to right , Altuve scored , Gurriel to second . Beltrán grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , González out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Aoki in right field . Reddick in center field . Peacock pitching for Astros . Velasquez struck out swinging . Hernández singled to right . Hernández stole second . Galvis struck out swinging . Williams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . McCann walked . Bregman doubled to center , McCann to third . Pinto pitching for Phillies . White hit for Peacock . White struck out swinging . Aoki grounded out to first . Altuve singled to left center , McCann and Bregman scored . Reddick reached first base on catcher 's interference , Altuve to second . Gurriel singled to shallow center , Altuve scored , Reddick to third . González walked , Gurriel to second . Beltrán singled to right center , Reddick and Gurriel scored , González to third . McCann struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Gurriel at third base . González in left field . Bregman at shortstop . White at first base . Musgrove pitching for Astros . Franco struck out swinging . Herrera doubled to left . Joseph grounded out to third . Knapp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Pinto pitching for Phillies . Bregman doubled to shallow left . White singled to left , Bregman scored . Aoki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , White out at second . Aoki to second on wild pitch by Pinto . Altuve singled to center , Aoki scored . Milner pitching for Phillies . Reddick singled to right , Altuve to third . Gurriel walked , Reddick to second . González grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Altuve out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Musgrove pitching for Astros . Perkins grounded out to shortstop . Milner struck out swinging . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Hernández at shortstop . Blanco at second base . Milner pitching for Phillies . Musgrove grounded out to shortstop . McCann doubled to right . Bregman flied out to center . White lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Musgrove pitching for Astros . Blanco reached on infield single to shortstop . Williams grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Blanco safe at second on throwing error by first baseman White . Franco flied out to center . Herrera lined out to center . Joseph popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 7th . Milner pitching for Phillies . Aoki hit by pitch . Altuve doubled to deep right , Aoki to third . Reddick grounded out to first , Aoki scored , Altuve to third . Gurriel hit sacrifice fly to center , Altuve scored . González flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Aoki in left field . González at second base . Marisnick in right field . Sipp pitching for Astros . Knapp doubled to center . Perkins walked . Rupp hit for Milner . Rupp struck out swinging . Hernández singled to right , Knapp to third , Perkins to second . Blanco struck out swinging . Williams tripled to right , Knapp , Perkins and Hernández scored . Franco grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Kelly at third base . Knapp at first base . Rupp catching . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Marisnick walked . McCann struck out swinging . Bregman lined out to left . White flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Hoyt pitching for Astros . Herrera reached on infield single to third . Kelly popped out to first . Knapp struck out swinging . Perkins walked , Herrera to second . Rupp struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Aoki tripled to deep left . Hoyt struck out looking . Reddick singled to shallow right center , Aoki scored . Gurriel struck out swinging . González grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reddick out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Hoyt pitching for Astros . Hernández singled to center . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hernández out at second . Williams singled to shallow right , Blanco to second . Kendrick hit for Morgan . Kendrick grounded into double play , third to second to first , Williams out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 13 - Phillies 4 .	Altuve 4 hits for 2nd day in row , Astros rout Phillies 13 - 4