Blue Jays - Top 1st . Fiers pitching for Astros . Bautista flied out to center . Martin struck out swinging . Donaldson walked . Smoak grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Fisher grounded out to second . Altuve struck out swinging . Reddick hit ground rule double to left . Gurriel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Fiers pitching for Astros . Morales grounded out to second . Goins struck out looking . Pillar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . González grounded out to shortstop . Beltrán grounded out to pitcher . Bregman popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Fiers pitching for Astros . Aoki struck out looking . Barney safe at first on throwing error by shortstop González . Bautista homered to left ( 387 feet ) , Barney scored . Martin struck out swinging . Donaldson hit by pitch . Smoak lined out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Centeno walked . Marisnick flied out to right . Fisher grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Centeno out at second . Altuve singled to left , Fisher to second . Reddick lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Fiers pitching for Astros . Morales walked . Goins popped out to shortstop . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morales out at second , Pillar to second on throwing error by second baseman Altuve . Aoki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 4th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Gurriel singled to right . González grounded out to second , Gurriel to second . Beltrán singled to left center , Gurriel to third . Bregman walked , Beltrán to second . Centeno grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bregman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Fiers pitching for Astros . Barney struck out swinging . Bautista popped out to third . Martin walked . Donaldson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Marisnick doubled to left . Fisher reached on infield single to second , Marisnick to third . Altuve singled to center , Marisnick scored , Fisher to second . Reddick grounded out to first , Fisher to third , Altuve to second . Gurriel safe at first on error by shortstop Goins , Fisher scored , Altuve to third . González hit sacrifice fly to left , Altuve scored . Beltrán reached on infield single to second , Gurriel to second . Bregman grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Fiers pitching for Astros . Smoak singled to right . Morales flied out to left . Goins grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Smoak out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Centeno singled to right . Marisnick struck out swinging . Fisher struck out looking . Altuve struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Fiers pitching for Astros . Pillar singled to center . Aoki homered to right center ( 397 feet ) , Pillar scored . Barney hit by pitch . Gregerson pitching for Astros . Bautista fouled out to third . Martin singled to center , Barney to third . Donaldson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Barney out at home , Martin to second . Smoak doubled to deep center , Martin and Donaldson scored . Morales grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Reddick struck out swinging . Gurriel grounded out to shortstop . González singled to deep right . Beltrán singled to left , González to second . Leone pitching for Blue Jays . Bregman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Guduan pitching for Astros . Goins singled to shallow left . Pillar singled to left , Goins to second . Aoki struck out swinging . Martes pitching for Astros . Barney struck out swinging . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Leone pitching for Blue Jays . Centeno grounded out to first . Marisnick struck out swinging . Fisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Martes pitching for Astros . Martin walked . Martin to second on passed ball by Centeno . Donaldson popped out to third . Smoak flied out to left . Morales intentionally walked . Goins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Altuve singled to center . Reddick struck out looking . Gurriel singled to left , Altuve to second . González singled to right , Altuve to third , Gurriel to second . Beltrán grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Altuve scored , González out at second , Gurriel to third . Bregman tripled to deep center , Gurriel and Beltrán scored . Centeno singled to shallow right , Bregman scored . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - Astros 7 .	Astros rally for 4 in 9th , beat Blue Jays 7 - 6 on Centeno hit