Astros - Top 1st . Fister pitching for Red Sox . Springer singled to right center . Springer to second on wild pitch by Fister . Reddick singled to center , Springer scored , Reddick to second advancing on throw . Altuve grounded out to second , Reddick to third . Correa homered to center ( 385 feet ) , Reddick scored . González grounded out to shortstop . Bregman struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Peacock pitching for Astros . Bogaerts grounded out to second . Pedroia singled to center . Benintendi flied out to right . Betts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Fister pitching for Red Sox . Beltrán walked . Gurriel singled to center , Beltrán to second . McCann lined out to center . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Beltrán to third , Gurriel to second on wild pitch by Kelly . Springer grounded out to shortstop . Reddick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Peacock pitching for Astros . Moreland singled to left . Ramírez singled to right , Moreland to second . Devers walked , Moreland to third , Ramírez to second . León singled to left center , Moreland scored , Ramírez to third , Devers to second . Bradley Jr. struck out swinging . Bogaerts grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ramírez out at home , Devers to third , León to second . Pedroia lined out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Altuve singled to center . Correa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Altuve out at second . González singled to left center . Bregman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Peacock pitching for Astros . Benintendi struck out swinging . Betts struck out swinging . Moreland doubled to deep center . Ramírez singled to left , Moreland scored , Ramírez to second on error by left fielder González . Liriano pitching for Astros . Devers homered to right center ( 430 feet ) , Ramírez scored . León singled to left . Bradley Jr. lined out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 4th . Price pitching for Red Sox . Beltrán grounded out to second . Gurriel singled to right . McCann lined out to right . Springer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . Bogaerts grounded out to pitcher . Pedroia grounded out to third . Benintendi reached on infield single to shortstop , Benintendi to second on throwing error by shortstop Correa . Betts walked . Moreland struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 5th . Price pitching for Red Sox . Reddick reached on infield single to third . Altuve singled to right , Reddick to second . Correa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reddick out at third , Altuve to second . González struck out swinging . Bregman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Correa out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . Ramírez singled to left . Devers grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramírez out at second . León struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Price pitching for Red Sox . Beltrán struck out swinging . Gurriel singled to right . McCann flied out to right . Springer flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . Bradley Jr. struck out swinging . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Pedroia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Price pitching for Red Sox . Reddick popped out to shortstop . Altuve walked . Correa lined out to right . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . McCullers Jr. pitching for Astros . Benintendi walked . Betts singled to left , Benintendi to second . Devenski pitching for Astros . Moreland singled to left center , Benintendi to third , Betts to second . Ramírez doubled to center , Benintendi and Betts scored , Moreland to third . Devers singled to shallow left , Moreland scored , Ramírez to third . Musgrove pitching for Astros . León flied out to right . Bradley Jr. homered to right ( 330 feet ) , Ramírez and Devers scored . Bogaerts lined out to left . Pedroia flied out to left . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Reed pitching for Red Sox . Bregman flied out to right . Beltrán flied out to right . Gurriel reached on infield single to shortstop . McCann grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Centeno catching . Gregerson pitching for Astros . Benintendi flied out to center . Betts struck out looking . Moreland grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Smith pitching for Red Sox . Springer reached on infield single to third . Reddick grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Springer out at second . Altuve reached on infield single to third . Altuve to second on fielder 's indifference . Correa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 3 - Red Sox 10 .	Red Sox beat Astros 10 - 3 , avoid elimination in ALDS Game 3