Marlins - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Rojas walked . Aguilar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rojas out at second . Cooper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Campbell pitching for Marlins . Turner flied out to center . Harrison singled to center . Hernández singled to right , Harrison to third . Schwarber hit by pitch , Hernández to second . Bell singled to right , Harrison scored , Schwarber to second , Hernández to third . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bell to second , Schwarber to third , Hernández out at home . Stevenson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Duvall struck out swinging . Brinson doubled to center . Berti walked . Wallach grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Berti out at second , Brinson to third . Díaz intentionally walked , Wallach to second . Campbell struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Gomes continues to at bat after dropped foul ball by first baseman Aguilar . Campbell pitching for Marlins . Gomes singled to left . Corbin struck out bunting foul . Turner singled to center , Gomes to second . Harrison singled to center , Gomes scored , Harrison out stretching at second , Turner to third . Hernández struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Rojas flied out to right . Aguilar grounded out to shortstop . Cooper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Campbell pitching for Marlins . Schwarber struck out swinging . Bell grounded out to first . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Duvall grounded out to second . Brinson safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Harrison . Berti grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Brinson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Campbell pitching for Marlins . Stevenson singled to center . Gomes homered to left ( 368 feet ) , Stevenson scored . Corbin grounded out to first . Turner singled to left . Turner stole second . Harrison grounded out to third . Detwiler pitching for Marlins . Harrison in center field . Hernández walked . Hernández stole second , Turner stole third . Schwarber walked . Bell doubled to deep right , Schwarber scored , Turner scored and Hernández scored . Castro safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Berti , Bell safe at third on error . Stevenson lined out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 5th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Wallach reached on infield single to second . Díaz lined into double play , second to first , Wallach doubled off first . Harrison grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Cimber pitching for Marlins . Gomes grounded out to third . Corbin struck out swinging . Turner grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Rojas lined out to right . Aguilar homered to left ( 400 feet ) . Cooper grounded out to shortstop . Duvall flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Holloway pitching for Marlins . Sierra in left field . Harrison grounded out to pitcher . Hernández grounded out to first . Schwarber struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Corbin pitching for Nationals . Sierra grounded out to second . Berti walked . Wallach doubled to deep right , Berti to third . Díaz hit sacrifice fly to left , Berti scored . Harrison grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Holloway pitching for Marlins . Bell grounded out to second . Castro hit ground rule double to deep right . Stevenson grounded out to first , Castro to third . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Finnegan pitching for Nationals . Stevenson in right field . Robles in center field . Rojas grounded out to shortstop . Aguilar walked . Cooper struck out looking . Dickerson hit for Holloway . Dickerson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Curtiss pitching for Marlins . Robles lined out to left . Turner struck out swinging . Harrison doubled to deep left . Zimmerman hit for Finnegan . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Voth pitching for Nationals . Sierra walked . Berti struck out swinging . Wallach struck out swinging . Sierra to second on fielder 's indifference . Díaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 2 - Nationals 7 .	Corbin ends 10 - game skid , pitches Nationals past Marlins 7 - 2