Marlins - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Díaz flied out to left . Berti struck out swinging . Cooper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Rogers pitching for Marlins . Robles doubled to left . Harrison grounded out to second , Robles to third . Turner struck out swinging . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Dickerson singled to shallow right center . Brinson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dickerson out at second . León grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Rogers pitching for Marlins . Castro flied out to center . Gomes grounded out to first . Hernández walked . Mercer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Devers fouled out to catcher . Harrison struck out swinging . Rogers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Rogers pitching for Marlins . Scherzer grounded out to pitcher . Robles walked . Harrison singled to right , Robles to second . Harrison caught stealing second , Robles caught stealing third , pitcher to third . Turner walked . Zimmerman homered to center ( 430 feet ) , Harrison scored and Turner scored . Castro struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Díaz struck out swinging . Berti lined out to right . Cooper grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Rogers pitching for Marlins . Gomes doubled to deep right center . Hernández struck out looking . Mercer grounded out to third , Gomes to third . Scherzer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Dickerson hit by pitch . Brinson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Brinson safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Mercer , Dickerson out at second . León flied out to left . Devers reached on infield single to pitcher , Brinson to third . Harrison grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Rogers pitching for Marlins . Robles popped out to second . Harrison hit by pitch . Turner grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Harrison out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Sierra hit for Rogers . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Sierra bunt grounded out to pitcher . Díaz singled to right . Berti grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Díaz out at second . Berti stole second . Cooper grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Pop pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman flied out to center . Castro grounded out to third . Gomes singled to right . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Dickerson flied out to right . Brinson grounded out to shortstop . León struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Pop pitching for Marlins . Mercer doubled to left . Scherzer struck out bunting foul . Robles popped out to shortstop . Harrison walked . Turner reached on infield single to pitcher , Harrison to second , Mercer to third . Curtiss pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Stevenson in right field . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Devers grounded out to first . Harrison singled to left . Duvall hit for Curtiss . Harrison caught stealing second , catcher to second . Duvall struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Cimber pitching for Marlins . Castro reached on infield single to shortstop . Gomes grounded into double play , third to second to first , Castro out at second . Stevenson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Díaz homered to left center ( 406 feet ) . Berti struck out looking . Cooper grounded out to second . Dickerson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 1 - Nationals 3 .	Scherzer tosses 5 - hitter , Zimmerman HR , Nats top Marlins 3 - 1