Marlins - Top 1st . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Chisholm Jr. grounded out to second . Berti flied out to right . Sanchez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Carlson singled to left . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . O'Neill grounded into double play , second to first , Carlson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Alfaro grounded out to third . Diaz grounded out to second . Brinson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Carpenter struck out swinging . Molina flied out to right . Sosa reached on infield single to third . Sosa stole second , Sosa safe at third on throwing error by catcher Alfaro . DeJong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 3rd . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Sierra grounded out to second . Marrero flied out to right . Alcantara struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Rond贸n flied out to center . Oviedo singled to shallow left . Carlson struck out swinging . Goldschmidt popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Chisholm Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Berti reached on infield single to shortstop . Sanchez singled to right , Berti to third . Alfaro grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sanchez to second , Berti out at home . Diaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . O'Neill reached on infield single to shortstop , O'Neill safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Chisholm Jr .. Carpenter grounded out to first , O'Neill to third . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher . Sosa grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 5th . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Brinson singled to right center . Sierra singled to right , Brinson to second . Marrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sierra out at second , Brinson to third . Alcantara hit by pitch . Chisholm Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alcantara out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . DeJong struck out swinging . Rond贸n grounded out to catcher . Oviedo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Berti singled to left . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher , Berti to second . Alfaro reached on infield single to shortstop . Diaz lined out to second . Brinson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Carlson reached on infield single to shortstop . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . O'Neill grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Carlson out at second . O'Neill caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Sandy Alcantara pitches to Matt Carpenter . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Oviedo pitching for Cardinals . Sierra grounded out to first . Marrero popped out to second . Alcantara struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Carpenter lined out to center . Molina grounded out to third . Sosa hit by pitch . DeJong flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Rond贸n at second base . Thomas in right field . Chisholm Jr. popped out to third . Berti walked . Sanchez struck out swinging . Helsley pitching for Cardinals . Alfaro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Rond贸n grounded out to shortstop . Thomas flied out to left . Carlson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Helsley pitching for Cardinals . Diaz grounded out to pitcher . Brinson fouled out to catcher . Sierra flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Goldschmidt safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Chisholm Jr .. O'Neill struck out looking . Carpenter walked , Goldschmidt to second . Molina singled to left , Goldschmidt scored , Carpenter to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Marlins 0 - Cardinals 1 .	Molina 's RBI single in 9th lifts Cardinals past Marlins 1 - 0