Orioles - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Roberts homered to right . Mora flied out to center . Tejada walked . Palmeiro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tejada out at second . Lopez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Damon grounded out to third . Mueller popped out to shortstop . Ortiz singled to right . Ramirez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Gibbons walked . Segui grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gibbons out at second . Matos walked . Bigbie doubled to deep left , Matos scored . Roberts grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Millar walked . Varitek singled to right , Millar to second . Kapler popped out to second . Bellhorn walked , Millar to third , Varitek to second . Reese fouled out to first . Damon singled to right , Millar and Varitek scored , Bellhorn to third . Mueller homered to right , Bellhorn and Damon scored . Ortiz grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Mora reached on infield single to shortstop . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mora out at second . Palmeiro flied out to center . Lopez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Ramirez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Mora . Millar struck out looking . Varitek grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramirez out at second . Kapler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Gibbons reached on infield single to third . Segui singled to right , Gibbons to third . Matos grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gibbons scored , Segui out at second . Matos stole second . Bigbie singled to center , Matos scored . Roberts struck out looking . Mora grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bigbie out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Bellhorn singled to left . Reese reached on bunt single to catcher , Bellhorn to second . Damon singled to left , Bellhorn scored , Reese to second . Mueller grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Damon out at second , Reese to third . Ortiz grounded out to third , Reese scored , Mueller to second . Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop , Mueller tagged out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Tejada flied out to right . Palmeiro grounded out to first . Lopez doubled to left center . Gibbons walked . Segui homered to right , Lopez and Gibbons scored . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Matos struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Millar doubled to deep center . Varitek struck out swinging . Kapler grounded out to shortstop , Millar to third . Malaska pitching for Red Sox . Bellhorn fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Malaska pitching for Red Sox . Bigbie flied out to left . Roberts grounded out to third . Mora walked . Tejada walked , Mora to second . Palmeiro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Reese grounded out to pitcher . Damon walked . Mueller struck out swinging , Damon stole second . Williamson pitching for Red Sox . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Williamson pitching for Red Sox . Lopez safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Mueller . Gibbons flied out to left . Segui walked . Matos struck out swinging . Bigbie flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Ramirez walked . Millar popped out to shortstop . Varitek grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ramirez out at second . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Kapler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Roberts singled to left . Mora sacrificed to first , Roberts to second . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Tejada grounded out to second , Roberts to third . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Palmeiro fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . McCarty hit for Reese . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Bellhorn struck out swinging . McCarty grounded out to third . Crespo at shortstop . Damon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Gibbons grounded out to second . Raines Jr ran for Segui . Segui singled to left . Raines Jr stole second . Matos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Mueller struck out swinging . Ortiz flied out to center . Ramirez singled to center . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Millar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 10th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Bigbie grounded out to shortstop . Roberts struck out swinging . DeJean pitching for Orioles . Mora flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 10th . DeJean pitching for Orioles . Varitek flied out to center . Kapler singled to center . Bellhorn walked , Kapler to second . Groom pitching for Orioles . Crespo fouled out to third . Damon hit by pitch , Kapler to third , Bellhorn to second . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Mueller flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 11th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Tejada homered to left . Palmeiro singled to right center . Lopez lined out to center . Gibbons tripled to deep right , Palmeiro scored . Raines Jr walked . Seibel pitching for Red Sox . Matos safe at first on error by third baseman Mueller , Raines Jr to second . Bigbie safe at first on error by first baseman Millar , Gibbons scored , Raines Jr to third , Matos to second . Castillo pitching for Red Sox . Castillo pitching for Red Sox . Roberts walked , Raines Jr scored , Matos to third , Bigbie to second . Mora singled to center , Matos scored , Bigbie to third , Roberts to second . Julio pitching for Orioles . Tejada grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mora out at second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 11th . Julio pitching for Orioles . Ortiz flied out to left . Ramirez struck out swinging . Millar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 12 - Red Sox 7 .	Tejada homers in 11th as Orioles beat Red Sox