Red Sox - Top 1st . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Damon flied out to center . Bellhorn singled to center . Ortiz walked , Bellhorn to second . Ramirez struck out looking . Varitek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Hudson doubled to deep right . Catalanotto doubled to left center , Hudson scored . Wells walked . Delgado walked , Catalanotto to third , Wells to second . Phelps batting . Hinske flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Millar grounded out to shortstop . Daubach grounded out to first . Crespo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Gomez grounded out to second . Clark grounded out to second . Cash grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Reese grounded out to third . Damon grounded out to first . Bellhorn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Hudson singled to right . Catalanotto hit ground rule double to left , Hudson to third . Wells reached on infield single to third , Hudson scored , Catalanotto to third . Delgado grounded into double play , first to catcher , Catalanotto out at home . Phelps batting . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz popped out to shortstop . Ramirez doubled to deep left center . Varitek struck out swinging . Millar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Hinske flied out to left . Gomez struck out swinging . Clark struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Daubach lined out to first . Crespo singled to right center . Reese struck out swinging , Crespo stole second . Damon singled to center , Crespo scored . Bellhorn flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Cash singled to right . Hudson singled to center , Cash to second . Catalanotto grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cash out at third , Hudson to second . Wells reached on infield single to pitcher , Hudson to third , Catalanotto to second . Delgado hit sacrifice fly to center , Hudson scored , Catalanotto to third , Wells to second . Phelps struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz homered to right . Ramirez singled to left . Varitek batting . Dinardo pitching for Red Sox . Millar flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . DiNardo pitching for Red Sox . Hinske doubled to right . Johnson hit for Clark . Gomez grounded out to second , Hinske to third . Johnson singled to left , Hinske scored . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Cash safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Dinardo , Johnson to third . Hudson singled to center , Johnson scored , Cash to third . Catalanotto singled to center , Cash scored , Hudson to second . Wells walked , Hudson to third , Catalanotto to second . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Delgado struck out swinging . Phelps safe at first on error by center fielder Damon , Hudson and Catalanotto scored , Wells to third . Johnson in right field . Hinske popped out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Daubach struck out swinging . Crespo singled to center . Reese walked , Crespo to second . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Damon singled to right , Crespo scored , Reese to third . Bellhorn singled to right center , Reese scored , Damon to third . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz singled to right , Damon scored , Bellhorn to second . Ramirez singled to center , Bellhorn scored , Ortiz to second . Varitek flied out to left . Millar fouled out to catcher . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Gomez doubled to deep left . Johnson grounded out to third . Williamson pitching for Red Sox . Cash grounded out to third . Hudson walked . Catalanotto doubled to left center , Gomez and Hudson scored . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Daubach walked . Mueller hit for Reese . Crespo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Daubach out at second . Mueller singled to right , Crespo to second . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mueller out at second , Crespo to third . Bellhorn at second base . Crespo at shortstop . Mueller at third base . Malaska pitching for Red Sox . Bellhorn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Malaska pitching for Red Sox . Delgado singled to left . Phelps singled to left , Delgado to second . Hinske batting . Gomez walked . Johnson tripled to deep right center , Delgado and Gomez scored . Cash flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz flied out to right . Ramirez flied out to right . Varitek singled to right center . Millar popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 6 - Blue Jays 12 .	Jays rip BoSox after Schilling exits after five