Athletics - Top 1st . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . Byrnes grounded out to second . Chavez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Damon singled to left . Bellhorn grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Damon out at second . Ortiz doubled to deep right center . Ramirez doubled to deep center , Ortiz scored . Daubach hit by pitch . Varitek walked , Ramirez to third , Daubach to second . Millar grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Dye struck out swinging . Hatteberg singled to center . Durazo popped out to second . Crosby flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Youkilis grounded out to catcher . Reese singled to center . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Reese out at second . Damon caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Bellhorn batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Melhuse struck out swinging . McLemore singled to right . Kotsay flied out to left . Byrnes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Bellhorn singled to right . Ortiz struck out swinging . Ramirez struck out swinging . Daubach walked , Bellhorn to second . Varitek doubled to deep right , Bellhorn scored , Daubach to third . Millar grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Chavez flied out to right . Dye grounded out to third . Hatteberg flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Youkilis hit by pitch . Reese flied out to left . Damon singled to right , Youkilis to second . Bellhorn doubled to deep center , Youkilis and Damon scored . Bellhorn to third on wild pitch by Hudson . Ortiz doubled to deep center , Bellhorn scored . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop , Ortiz to third . Daubach walked . Varitek walked , Daubach to second . Millar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Varitek out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Durazo doubled to left . Crosby struck out swinging . Melhuse grounded out to second , Durazo to third . Hammond pitching for Athletics . McLemore grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Hammond pitching for Athletics . Youkilis doubled to left . Reese singled to right , Youkilis to third . Damon flied out to center . Bellhorn grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Youkilis scored , Reese out at second . Ortiz singled to shallow right center , Bellhorn scored . Ramirez homered to left , Ortiz scored . Daubach struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Kotsay flied out to left . Byrnes doubled to left . Chavez hit ground rule double to deep right center , Byrnes scored . Dye fouled out to third . Hatteberg popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Hammond pitching for Athletics . Varitek singled to right . Millar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Varitek out at second . Youkilis walked . Kapler in right field . Reese grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Durazo singled to center . Crosby singled to left , Durazo to second . Melhuse struck out swinging . McLemore singled to left , Durazo to third , Crosby to second . Kotsay singled to right , Durazo scored , Crosby to third , McLemore to second . Byrnes fouled out to first . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Chavez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Damon reached on infield single to shortstop . Bellhorn homered to right , Damon scored . Ortiz struck out looking . McCarty hit for Daubach . Ramirez walked . McCarty singled to left , Ramirez to second . Varitek singled to left , Ramirez to third , McCarty to second . Kapler hit sacrifice fly to center , Ramirez scored . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Crespo hit for Reese . Youkilis walked , McCarty to third , Varitek to second . Dominique at first base . McCarty in left field . Crespo at shortstop . Dinardo pitching for Red Sox . Crespo struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . DiNardo pitching for Red Sox . Dye grounded out to second . Hatteberg grounded out to second . Scutaro at second base . Durazo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Damon popped out to shortstop . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Ortiz singled to shallow right . Brown pitching for Red Sox . Dominique struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Kielty hit for Melhuse . Brown pitching for Red Sox . Crosby struck out looking . Kielty singled to center . Scutaro struck out swinging . Kotsay flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 2 - Red Sox 12 .	Red Sox throttle A 's ; Bellhorn drives in 5