Red Sox - Top 1st . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Damon homered to right . Bellhorn popped out to first . Ortiz lined out to center . Ramirez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Lofton safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Garciaparra . Jeter grounded out to shortstop , Lofton to second . Sheffield grounded out to catcher . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Garciaparra grounded out to third . Nixon grounded out to second . Varitek grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Matsui singled to left center . Williams singled to right , Matsui to second . Posada grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Williams out at second , Matsui to third . Clark singled to right , Matsui scored . Cairo grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Millar struck out swinging . Reese struck out swinging . Damon homered to right . Bellhorn struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Lofton safe at first on error by first baseman Millar . Jeter singled to right , Lofton to third . Sheffield hit sacrifice fly to center , Lofton scored . Jeter stole second . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third , Jeter to third . Jeter stole third , Rodriguez stole second . Matsui singled to right , Jeter and Rodriguez scored . Williams grounded out to catcher , Matsui to second . Posada grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 4th . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Ortiz flied out to right . Ramirez flied out to center . Garciaparra fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Clark struck out swinging . Cairo walked . Cairo stole second . Lofton flied out to center . Jeter safe at first on error by shortstop Garciaparra , Cairo to third . Sheffield homered to left , Cairo and Jeter scored . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 5th . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Nixon singled to right . Varitek struck out swinging . Millar flied out to center . Reese singled to shallow right , Nixon to third , Reese to second advancing on throw . Damon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Matsui grounded out to pitcher . Williams singled to center . Posada grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Williams out at second . Clark homered to center , Posada scored . Cairo grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Ortiz homered to right . Ramirez struck out swinging . Garciaparra singled to left center . Dinardo pitching for Red Sox . Nixon popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . DiNardo pitching for Red Sox . Lofton singled to left . Jeter singled to left , Lofton to second . Sheffield walked , Lofton to third , Jeter to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lofton scored , Jeter out at third , Sheffield to second . Matsui struck out swinging . Williams flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Varitek struck out swinging . Millar singled to left . Reese flied out to center . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Damon walked , Millar to second . Bellhorn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . DiNardo pitching for Red Sox . Posada grounded out to third . Clark flied out to right . Cairo walked . Lofton walked , Cairo to second . Leskanic pitching for Red Sox . Jeter singled to right , Cairo scored , Lofton to third . Crosby in right field . Sheffield lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Ortiz flied out to center . Ramirez flied out to center . Garciaparra singled to center . Nixon reached on infield single to second , Garciaparra to second . Varitek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Leskanic pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez walked . Matsui flied out to right . Heredia pitching for Yankees . Williams grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Heredia pitching for Yankees . Millar flied out to center . Kapler hit for Damon . Reese grounded out to pitcher . Kapler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 3 - Yankees 11 .	Yankees bomb Lowe , rout erring Red Sox