Devil Rays - Top 1st . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Crawford singled to center . Lugo struck out swinging , Crawford stole second . Huff doubled to left center , Crawford scored . Baldelli grounded out to third , Huff to third . Cruz grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Damon singled to right . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . Ramirez hit by pitch , Damon to second . Ortiz flied out to left . Millar homered to left , Damon and Ramirez scored . Varitek walked . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Martinez singled to right . Upton struck out looking . Fordyce singled to center , Martinez to second . Blum grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Fordyce out at second , Martinez to third . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blum out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Mueller singled to right . Youkilis hit by pitch , Mueller to second . Damon walked , Mueller to third , Youkilis to second . Mientkiewicz singled to center , Mueller scored , Youkilis to third , Damon to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Damon out at third , Mientkiewicz to second . Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to center , Youkilis scored . Gonzalez pitching for Devil Rays . Millar singled to center , Mientkiewicz scored , Ramirez to second , Ramirez scored , Millar to second on error by center fielder Baldelli . Varitek doubled to deep center , Millar scored . Cabrera popped out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Lugo grounded out to pitcher . Huff grounded out to shortstop . Baldelli grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Mueller singled to center . Youkilis singled to left , Mueller to second . Damon doubled to left , Mueller and Youkilis scored . Mientkiewicz grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Damon out at third . Ramirez flied out to center . Ortiz walked , Mientkiewicz to second . Millar singled to left , Mientkiewicz to third , Ortiz to second . Varitek doubled to left , Mientkiewicz , Ortiz and Millar scored . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Cruz walked . Martinez struck out looking . Upton reached on infield single to third , Cruz to second . Fordyce flied out to center , Cruz to third . Blum grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Mueller grounded out to second . Youkilis flied out to left . Damon singled to center . Mientkiewicz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Crawford safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera . Lugo struck out swinging . Rolls hit for Baldelli . Huff flied out to center . Fick in left field . Rolls in center field . Rolls grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Roberts ran for Ramirez . Ramirez walked . Ortiz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Roberts out at second . Kapler ran for Millar . Millar doubled to left center . Roberts in left field . Kapler in right field . Gutierrez at second base . Varitek popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Cruz grounded out to second . Martinez doubled to deep center . Upton singled to center , Martinez to third . Fordyce singled to left , Martinez scored , Upton to second . Blum grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fordyce out at second , Upton to third . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Sanchez hit for Lugo . Fick singled to left , Upton scored , Blum to third . Sanchez at second base . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fick out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Cabrera flied out to right . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Mirabelli catching . Youkilis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Huff singled to left . Rolls singled to center , Huff to third . Cruz struck out swinging . Rolls to second on fielder 's indifference . Martinez grounded out to first , Huff scored . Upton walked . McCarty hit for Damon . Fordyce popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . McCarty flied out to left . Mientkiewicz doubled to left . Roberts grounded out to second , Mientkiewicz to third . Ortiz doubled to left center , Mientkiewicz scored . McCarty in left field . Roberts in center field . Myers pitching for Red Sox . Kapler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Blum singled to left . Fick flied out to left . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blum out at second . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Huff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Devil Rays . Mirabelli flied out to center . Cabrera walked . Gutierrez flied out to center . Youkilis popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Rolls grounded out to shortstop . Cruz grounded out to third . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 4 - Red Sox 14 .	BoSox crush Rays behind Millar 's four RBI