Yankees - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Jeter fouled out to catcher . Rodriguez fouled out to catcher . Sheffield popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Damon grounded out to first . Bellhorn walked . Ramirez flied out to right . Ortiz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Matsui homered to right . Williams grounded out to second . Posada flied out to right . Olerud popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Millar grounded out to shortstop . Nixon singled to left . Mirabelli hit by pitch , Nixon to second . Nixon to third on wild pitch by Vazquez . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Nixon scored . Mueller grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Cairo grounded out to third . Lofton grounded out to second . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Damon struck out swinging . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez safe at first on error by first baseman Millar . Sheffield flied out to left . Matsui walked , Rodriguez to second . Williams grounded out to first , Rodriguez to third , Matsui to second . Posada doubled to left center , Rodriguez and Matsui scored . Olerud fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Ortiz flied out to left . Millar walked . Nixon struck out swinging . Mirabelli homered to center , Millar scored . Cabrera singled to left . Mueller flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Cairo hit by pitch . Lofton flied out to center . Jeter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cairo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Damon struck out swinging . Bellhorn doubled to deep center . Ramirez singled to left , Bellhorn to third . Ortiz singled to left center , Bellhorn scored , Ramirez to second . Millar popped out to shortstop . Nixon singled to center , Ramirez scored , Ortiz to third . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Mirabelli hit by pitch , Nixon to second . Cabrera flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield reached on infield single to third . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sheffield out at second . Williams walked , Matsui to second . Boston 's Manager Francona ejected by Culbreth in the 6th . Olerud grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Mueller grounded out to second . Damon grounded out to shortstop . Bellhorn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Cairo singled to center . Leskanic pitching for Red Sox . Lofton flied out to right . Jeter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cairo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Ramirez struck out swinging . Ortiz hit ground rule double to left . Heredia pitching for Yankees . Mientkiewicz ran for Millar . Millar walked . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Nixon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ortiz to third , Mientkiewicz safe at second on error by shortstop Jeter . Mirabelli popped out to shortstop . Mientkiewicz at first base . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mientkiewicz out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 8th . Leskanic pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez walked . Sheffield struck out swinging . Matsui flied out to center . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Williams walked , Rodriguez to second . Posada grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Mueller struck out swinging . Damon singled to right . Damon stole second . Bellhorn walked . Ramirez doubled to deep center , Damon scored , Bellhorn to third . Reese ran for Bellhorn . Nitkowski pitching for Yankees . Varitek hit for Mientkiewicz . Ortiz intentionally walked . Varitek hit ground rule double to deep right , Reese and Ramirez scored , Ortiz to third . Kapler ran for Nixon . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Nixon hit by pitch . Mirabelli doubled to deep left , Ortiz and Varitek scored , Kapler to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left , Kapler scored . Mueller singled to center , Mirabelli scored . Reese at second base . Roberts in left field . McCarty at first base . Kapler in right field . Damon flied out to center . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Giambi hit for Cairo . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Olerud grounded out to shortstop . Giambi flied out to center . Lofton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 5 - Red Sox 12 .	Red Sox make sure Yanks wo n't clinch at Fenway