Cardinals - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Renteria struck out swinging . Walker doubled to deep right . Pujols popped out to second . Rolen fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Damon doubled to left . Cabrera hit by pitch . Ramirez flied out to right , Damon to third . Ortiz homered to right , Damon and Cabrera scored . Millar doubled to deep left . Nixon flied out to right , Millar to third . Mueller singled to left , Millar scored . Mirabelli struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Edmonds reached on bunt single to third . Sanders walked , Edmonds to second . Womack sacrificed to third , Edmonds to third , Sanders to second . Matheny hit sacrifice fly to center , Edmonds scored , Sanders to third . Taguchi struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Bellhorn singled to left . Damon lined out to shortstop . Cabrera lined out to left . Ramirez singled to left , Bellhorn to second . Ortiz walked , Bellhorn to third , Ramirez to second . Millar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Renteria grounded out to third . Walker homered to right . Pujols hit by pitch . Rolen grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pujols out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Nixon grounded out to second . Mueller walked . Mirabelli singled to left , Mueller to third . Bellhorn walked , Mirabelli to second . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Damon singled to right , Mueller scored , Mirabelli to third , Bellhorn to second . Cabrera singled to left center , Mirabelli scored , Bellhorn to third , Damon to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bellhorn scored , Cabrera out at second , Damon to third . Ortiz walked , Ramirez to second . Millar grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Edmonds walked . Edmonds to second on passed ball by Mirabelli . Sanders walked . Womack walked , Edmonds to third , Sanders to second . Matheny hit sacrifice fly to right , Edmonds scored , Sanders scored , Womack to third on throwing error by first baseman Millar . Taguchi grounded out to third , Womack scored . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Renteria walked . Walker singled to right , Renteria to third . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker out at second . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Nixon walked . Mueller walked , Nixon to second . Mirabelli flied out to left . Bellhorn flied out to right . Damon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Rolen lined out to shortstop . Edmonds struck out looking . Sanders struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez singled to left . Ortiz flied out to left . Millar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Womack flied out to right . Matheny struck out swinging . Taguchi reached on infield single to pitcher , Taguchi to second on throwing error by pitcher Arroyo . Renteria doubled to deep left center , Taguchi scored . Walker doubled to right , Renteria scored . Pujols struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Nixon grounded out to pitcher . Varitek hit for Mirabelli . Mueller flied out to center . Varitek catching . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Varitek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Rolen flied out to center . Edmonds flied out to left . Calero pitching for Cardinals . Sanders grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Bellhorn walked . Damon grounded out to second , Bellhorn to second . Cabrera walked . King pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez singled to center , Bellhorn scored , Cabrera to second , Cabrera to third advancing on throw . Anderson at second base . Ortiz reached on infield single to second , Cabrera scored , Ramirez to second . Millar fouled out to catcher . Mientkiewicz at first base . Kapler in right field . Kapler struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Anderson grounded out to second . Cedeno hit for Taguchi . Marquis ran for Matheny . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Matheny singled to center . Cedeno singled to right , Marquis to second . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Renteria singled to left , Marquis to third , Cedeno to second , Marquis scored on error by left fielder Ramirez . Walker safe at second on error by left fielder Ramirez , Cedeno scored , Renteria to third . Pujols intentionally walked . Rolen popped out to third . Molina catching . Cedeno in left field . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Edmonds struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Mueller grounded out to second . Varitek safe at first on error by shortstop Renteria . Bellhorn homered to right , Varitek scored . Damon popped out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Reese at second base . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Sanders struck out swinging . Anderson doubled to left . Molina popped out to first . Cedeno struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 9 - Red Sox 11 .	All offense , no defense : Sox take opener