Cardinals - Top 1st. Bailey pitching for Reds. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. Jay lined out to shortstop. Holliday singled to deep right, Holliday to second on error by right fielder Bruce. Beltran lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Cozart flied out to right. Heisey reached on infield single to shortstop. Votto singled to right, Heisey to third. Phillips grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Votto out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Bailey pitching for Reds. Berkman safe at first on error by first baseman Votto. Molina doubled to deep center, Berkman scored. Molina out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Freese grounded out to second. Descalso flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Bruce grounded out to second. Ludwick popped out to second. Rolen singled to center. Mesoraco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rolen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Bailey pitching for Reds. Westbrook grounded out to third. Furcal grounded out to second. Jay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Bailey struck out swinging. Cozart grounded out to shortstop. Heisey singled to left. Votto doubled to deep left, Heisey scored. Phillips singled to right, Votto scored. Bruce lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Holliday struck out swinging. Beltran grounded out to catcher. Berkman walked. Molina singled to right, Berkman to second. Freese flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Ludwick lined out to shortstop. Rolen lined out to left. Mesoraco singled to left. Bailey grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mesoraco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Descalso singled to center. Westbrook bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Descalso out at second. Furcal singled to left center, Westbrook to second. Jay fouled out to shortstop. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to third, Furcal out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Cozart popped out to second. Heisey reached on infield single to shortstop. Votto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Heisey out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Beltran singled to center. Berkman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Beltran out at second. Molina homered to left (386 feet). Freese walked. Descalso lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Bruce flied out to right. Ludwick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Westbrook grounded out to second. Furcal lined out to right. Jay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Rolen struck out swinging. Mesoraco struck out swinging. Bailey singled to center. Cozart flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Holliday singled to left. Beltran singled to right, Holliday to second. Berkman struck out looking. Molina flied out to right. Freese grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Heisey struck out swinging. Votto walked. Votto to second on wild pitch by Westbrook. Phillips hit by pitch. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Bruce grounded out to pitcher, Votto to third, Phillips to second. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at third base. Schumaker at second base. Ludwick intentionally walked. Rolen singled to right center, Votto and Phillips scored, Ludwick to third. Mesoraco flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Heisey in left field. Chapman pitching for Reds. Stubbs in center field. Greene hit for Descalso. Greene struck out swinging. Schumaker struck out swinging. Furcal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 2 - Reds 4.	Rolen sends Reds to sweep against Cardinals