Rangers - Top 1st. McHugh pitching for Astros. DeShields struck out swinging. Odor singled to center, Odor out stretching at second. Fielder singled to left. Beltré singled to left, Fielder to second. Moreland singled to right, Fielder to third, Beltré to second. Hamilton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Altuve walked. González grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Altuve out at second. Correa grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. McHugh pitching for Astros. Andrus reached on infield single to second. Singleton at first base. Martín grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Andrus out at second. Chirinos grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Gattis tripled to deep center. Rasmus struck out swinging. Singleton walked. Hoes singled to right, Gattis scored, Singleton to second. Castro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hoes out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. McHugh pitching for Astros. DeShields singled to left. Odor flied into double play, right to first, DeShields doubled off first. Fielder singled to right. Beltré lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Marisnick doubled to left. Altuve doubled to deep right, Marisnick scored. González singled to center, Altuve thrown out at home, González to second advancing on throw. Correa singled to center, González scored. Gattis singled to left, Correa to second. Rasmus grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Gattis out at second. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Moreland struck out swinging. Hamilton struck out swinging. Andrus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Singleton singled to center. Hoes grounded out to pitcher, Singleton to second. Castro grounded out to second, Singleton to third. Marisnick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Martín grounded out to first. Chirinos singled to left. DeShields singled to left, Chirinos to second. Odor grounded into fielder's choice to second, DeShields out at second, Chirinos to third. Fielder fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. González singled to left. Correa struck out swinging. Gattis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, González out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Beltré reached on infield single to shortstop. Moreland singled to right, Beltré to third, Beltré scored on throwing error by right fielder Rasmus. Hamilton flied out to right. Andrus flied out to right. Martín popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 6th. Patton pitching for Rangers. Rasmus struck out looking. Singleton struck out swinging. Tucker hit for Hoes. Tucker grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Tucker in left field. Harris pitching for Astros. Chirinos flied out to right. DeShields grounded out to third. Odor tripled to deep center. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Kela pitching for Rangers. Castro walked. Marisnick sacrificed to pitcher, Castro to second. Altuve grounded out to pitcher. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Neshek pitching for Astros. Beltré lined out to center. Moreland doubled to deep left. Hamilton grounded out to second, Moreland to third. Andrus doubled to deep left, Moreland scored. Martín struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Freeman pitching for Rangers. Correa flied out to right. Gattis grounded out to shortstop. Rasmus walked. Singleton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Presley in left field. Gregerson pitching for Astros. Telis hit for Chirinos. Telis struck out swinging. DeShields grounded out to shortstop. Odor reached on infield single to third. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 2 - Astros 3.	Astros snap six-game skid with 3-2 win over Rangers