Tigers - Top 1st . Kluber pitching for Indians . Kinsler struck out swinging . Castellanos struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Santana grounded out to second . Lindor singled to center . Brantley walked , Lindor to second . Encarnación struck out looking . Ramírez homered to right ( 410 feet ) , Lindor and Brantley scored . Chisenhall flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . Upton doubled to deep left . Collins flied out to center . McCann struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Díaz singled to center . Almonte grounded out to second , Díaz to second . Gomes struck out looking . Santana homered to right ( 399 feet ) , Díaz scored . Lindor singled to left center . Brantley flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Romine struck out swinging . Iglesias flied out to center . Kinsler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Encarnación struck out swinging . Ramírez singled to left center . Chisenhall homered to right ( 401 feet ) , Ramírez scored . Díaz grounded out to catcher . Almonte singled to right . Gomes flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Castellanos struck out swinging . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Martínez singled to deep right center , Cabrera scored . Upton homered to left ( 430 feet ) , Martínez scored . Collins singled to right . McCann struck out swinging . Romine flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Santana doubled to deep center . Lindor grounded out to first , Santana to third . Brantley struck out swinging . Encarnación flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Iglesias doubled to left . Kinsler grounded out to second , Iglesias to third . Castellanos grounded out to shortstop , Iglesias scored . Cabrera flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Ramírez singled to center . Chisenhall singled to center , Ramírez to second . Greene pitching for Tigers . Díaz walked , Ramírez to third , Chisenhall to second . Almonte grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ramírez out at home , Chisenhall to third , Díaz to second . Gomes struck out swinging . Santana singled to right , Chisenhall and Díaz scored , Almonte out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Martínez grounded out to first . Upton walked . Collins singled to right , Upton to second . McCann popped out to shortstop . Romine popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Sánchez pitching for Tigers . Lindor lined out to right . Brantley singled to center . Encarnación singled to left , Brantley to second . Ramírez walked , Brantley to third , Encarnación to second . Chisenhall popped out to second . Díaz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Martínez at third base . Kluber pitching for Indians . Iglesias lined out to center . Kinsler walked . Castellanos singled to shallow right center , Kinsler to second . Miller pitching for Indians . Cabrera singled to deep center , Kinsler scored , Castellanos to third . Martínez lined out to first . Upton reached on infield single to first , Castellanos scored , Cabrera to second . Collins singled to left , Cabrera to third , Upton to second . McCann lined out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Mahtook in right field . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Almonte popped out to shortstop . Gomes struck out swinging . Santana flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Indians . Romine struck out swinging . Iglesias lined out to center . Kinsler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Lindor singled to left . Brantley flied out to right . Encarnación walked , Lindor to second . Ramírez homered to center ( 413 feet ) , Lindor and Encarnación scored . Chisenhall singled to right . Martínez doubled to left , Chisenhall to third . Almonte reached on infield single to pitcher , Chisenhall scored , Martínez to third . Gomes struck out swinging . Santana grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Allen pitching for Indians . Castellanos struck out swinging . Machado hit for Cabrera . Machado grounded out to shortstop . Jones hit for Martínez . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 6 - Indians 13 .	Ramirez has 6 RBIs as Indians rout Verlander , Tigers 13 - 6