White Sox - Top 1st . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Saladino doubled to deep right . Anderson struck out swinging . Saladino caught stealing third , catcher to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Kinsler popped out to first . Collins reached on bunt single to third . Castellanos singled to left , Collins to second . Martínez walked , Collins to third , Castellanos to second . Upton singled to center , Collins and Castellanos scored , Martínez to third . Avila walked , Upton to second . Adduci grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Avila out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Frazier homered to left ( 415 feet ) . García homered to center ( 445 feet ) . Davidson walked . Sánchez struck out swinging . Soto struck out swinging . García singled to shallow left , Davidson to second . Saladino flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Hicks singled to center . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hicks out at second . Iglesias stole second . Kinsler flied out to center . Collins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Anderson doubled to right center . Cabrera singled to center , Anderson to third . Frazier flied out to right . García reached on infield single to third , Anderson scored , Cabrera to second . Davidson walked , Cabrera to third , García to second . Sánchez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cabrera out at home , García to third , Davidson to second . Soto popped out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Castellanos flied out to right . Martínez grounded out to first . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . García grounded out to shortstop . Saladino flied out to center . Anderson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Avila walked . Adduci struck out looking . Hicks flied out to left . Iglesias grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Frazier struck out swinging . García flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Kinsler walked . Collins lined out to center . Castellanos singled to left , Kinsler to second . Martínez singled to center , Kinsler scored , Castellanos to second . Upton popped out to second . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Avila lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Davidson grounded out to third . Sánchez safe at first on error by third baseman Castellanos . Soto flied out to left . Sánchez caught stealing second , pitcher to first . García batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Adduci singled to left . Swarzak pitching for White Sox . Hicks struck out swinging , Adduci stole second . Iglesias grounded out to second , Adduci to third . Kinsler flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . García grounded out to shortstop . Saladino popped out to shortstop . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Swarzak pitching for White Sox . Collins flied out to center . Castellanos struck out swinging . Martínez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Cabrera singled to left . Frazier grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Cabrera safe at second on error by third baseman Castellanos . García grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera safe at third on error by third baseman Castellanos , Frazier to second . Davidson grounded into double play , shortstop to catcher to first , Cabrera out at home , Frazier to third , García to second . Sánchez intentionally walked . Soto singled to left center , Frazier and García scored , Sánchez to second . García grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Jones pitching for White Sox . Upton struck out swinging . Avila grounded out to second . Adduci struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Saladino singled to right . Anderson homered to left ( 402 feet ) , Saladino scored . Cabrera lined out to first . Frazier struck out swinging . García reached on infield single to third . Davidson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Kahnle pitching for White Sox . Hicks struck out swinging . Iglesias grounded out to first . Kinsler fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 7 - Tigers 3 .	Soto 's 2 - run single leads White Sox past Tigers , 7 - 3 .