Tigers - Top 1st . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Romine singled to right . Castellanos lined out to right . Cabrera singled to center , Romine to second . Martínez singled to right , Romine to third , Cabrera to second . Upton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martínez out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Joyce struck out looking . Lowrie flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Collins grounded out to second . Adduci lined out to shortstop . McCann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Davis singled to deep right , Davis out stretching at second . Alonso fouled out to third . Vogt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Iglesias safe at first on error by shortstop Rosales . Romine singled to left , Iglesias to second . Castellanos struck out swinging . Cabrera lined out to center , Iglesias to third . Romine stole second . Martínez singled to center , Iglesias and Romine scored . Upton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Plouffe struck out looking . Maxwell walked . Rosales singled to center , Maxwell to second . Davis singled to left , Maxwell to third , Rosales to second . Joyce struck out swinging . Lowrie grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Collins grounded out to second . Adduci struck out swinging . McCann popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Davis struck out swinging . Alonso popped out to shortstop . Vogt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Iglesias grounded out to third . Romine lined out to right . Castellanos grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Plouffe grounded out to third . Maxwell flied out to right . Rosales singled to left . Davis reached on infield single to first , Rosales to second . Joyce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Cabrera struck out swinging . Martínez doubled to left . Upton reached on infield single to pitcher , Martínez to third . Collins walked , Upton to second . Adduci tripled to deep right , Martínez , Upton and Collins scored . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . McCann struck out swinging . Iglesias struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Lowrie singled to right . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lowrie safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Castellanos . Alonso singled to right , Lowrie scored , Davis to second . Vogt struck out swinging . Plouffe popped out to first . Maxwell struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 7th . Smith pitching for Athletics . Romine fouled out to shortstop . Castellanos grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera doubled to deep right . Martínez intentionally walked . Upton walked , Cabrera to third , Martínez to second . Collins grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Rosales struck out swinging . Davis lined out to left . Joyce flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Smith pitching for Athletics . Adduci doubled to deep left center . McCann struck out swinging . Iglesias tripled to right , Adduci scored . Romine safe at first on error by third baseman Plouffe . Castellanos hit sacrifice fly to center , Iglesias scored , Romine tagged out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Lowrie walked . Davis fouled out to first . Alonso doubled to right center , Lowrie scored . Vogt grounded out to second , Alonso to third . Plouffe flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Wahl pitching for Athletics . Cabrera fouled out to first . Martínez struck out swinging . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Greene pitching for Tigers . Maxwell grounded out to second . Rosales struck out looking . Davis singled to left . Joyce grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 7 - Athletics 2 .	Fulmer stays sharp a day later , Tigers beat A 's 7 - 2