Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Blanco singled to right . Peralta struck out swinging . Blanco caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third . Lamb singled to left , Goldschmidt to third . Owings reached on bunt single to third , Goldschmidt scored , Lamb to second . Drury singled to right , Lamb scored , Owings to third . Descalso grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Kinsler grounded out to third . Avila walked . Cabrera struck out looking . Avila caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Fuentes struck out swinging . Mathis struck out swinging . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Martínez lined out to center . J.D. Martinez struck out swinging . Upton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Peralta singled to left . Goldschmidt homered to left center ( 391 feet ) , Peralta scored . Lamb doubled to deep center . Owings popped out to second . Drury homered to left ( 388 feet ) , Lamb scored . Bell pitching for Tigers . Descalso struck out looking . Fuentes struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Castellanos struck out swinging . Presley grounded out to first . Iglesias singled to center . Kinsler popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Mathis flied out to center . Blanco flied out to left . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Avila grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera flied out to right . Martínez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Goldschmidt singled to left . Lamb grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Goldschmidt out at second . Owings lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . J.D. Martinez grounded out to pitcher . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Castellanos reached on infield single to second . Presley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Drury doubled to deep right center . Descalso flied out to center . Fuentes reached on infield single to first , Drury to third . Mathis walked , Fuentes to second . Blanco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mathis out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Iglesias grounded out to second . Kinsler singled to right center . Avila grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kinsler scored on throwing error by shortstop Owings . Cabrera doubled to deep right center , Avila scored . Martínez struck out swinging . J.D. Martinez homered to left center ( 446 feet ) , Cabrera scored . Upton walked . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Castellanos singled to center , Upton to third . Presley singled to center , Upton scored , Castellanos to second . Iglesias singled to right center , Castellanos scored , Iglesias to second , Presley to second , Presley to third advancing on throw . Kinsler flied out to center . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Peralta doubled to deep right center . Rodríguez pitching for Tigers . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Lamb grounded out to second , Peralta to third . Owings lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Avila grounded out to first . Cabrera doubled to deep right . Martínez grounded out to second , Cabrera to third . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . J.D. Martinez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Drury doubled to left . Descalso walked . Fuentes singled to right , Drury to third , Descalso to second . Herrmann hit for Mathis . Herrmann grounded into double play , first to catcher to first , Drury out at home , Descalso to third , Fuentes to second . Blanco flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Herrmann catching . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Castellanos struck out swinging . Presley walked . Iglesias grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Peralta homered to left center ( 386 feet ) . Goldschmidt popped out to second . Lamb walked . Lamb stole second . Owings popped out to second . Drury grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks . Kinsler grounded out to third . Avila struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Tigers 6 .	Peralta homer in 9th lifts Diamondbacks over Tigers 7 - 6