Royals - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Merrifield hit ground rule double to deep center . Bonifacio singled to left , Merrifield scored . Cain singled to right , Bonifacio to second . Hosmer singled to left center , Bonifacio to third , Cain to second . Pérez singled to right , Bonifacio and Cain scored , Hosmer to second . Moustakas grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pérez out at second , Hosmer to third . Moss struck out swinging . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Moustakas out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Strahm pitching for Royals . Kinsler fouled out to first . Mahtook singled to center . Upton struck out looking . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Gordon fouled out to third . Merrifield struck out swinging . Bonifacio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Strahm pitching for Royals . J.D. Martinez homered to left center ( 387 feet ) . Castellanos out on batter 's interference to pitcher . Castellanos batting . Hicks flied out to center . McCann flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Cain singled to center . Hosmer walked , Cain to second . Pérez struck out swinging . Moustakas lined out to center , Cain to third . Moss lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Strahm pitching for Royals . Iglesias singled to center . Kinsler fouled out to first . Mahtook singled to left , Iglesias to second . Upton flied out to right , Iglesias to third . Cabrera homered to right ( 377 feet ) Iglesias and Mahtook scored . J.D. Martinez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Escobar singled to left center . Gordon grounded out to first , Escobar to second . Merrifield lined out to right . Escobar to third on passed ball by McCann . Bonifacio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Strahm pitching for Royals . Castellanos singled to left . Hicks struck out swinging . McCann hit by pitch , Castellanos to second . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McCann out at second , Castellanos to third . Moylan pitching for Royals . Kinsler singled to center , Castellanos scored , Iglesias to second . Iglesias to third , Kinsler to second on wild pitch by Moylan . Mahtook popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Cain grounded out to second . Hosmer flied out to left . Pérez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Moylan pitching for Royals . Upton grounded out to first . Cabrera safe at first on error by center fielder Cain . J.D. Martinez walked , Cabrera to second . Castellanos struck out looking . Hicks grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at third , J.D. Martinez to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 6th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Moustakas grounded out to pitcher . Moss grounded out to first . Escobar singled to left . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Alexander pitching for Royals . McCann singled to left . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCann out at second . Iglesias to second on wild pitch by Alexander . Kinsler struck out swinging . Mahtook lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . Bonifacio reached on infield single to third . Cain grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bonifacio out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Alexander pitching for Royals . Upton struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . J.D. Martinez tripled to deep center . Castellanos grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Stumpf pitching for Tigers . Hosmer reached on infield single to shortstop . Rondón pitching for Tigers . Pérez struck out swinging . Moustakas singled to center , Hosmer to second . Moss struck out looking . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moustakas out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Feliz pitching for Royals . Avila hit for Hicks . Avila lined out to left . McCann lined out to shortstop . Iglesias fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Romine at third base . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Gordon lined out to pitcher . Merrifield struck out swinging . Bonifacio struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 3 - Tigers 5 .	Cabrera , Martinez homer to help Tigers beat Royals 5 - 3