Tigers - Top 1st . Duffy pitching for Royals . Kinsler flied out to center . Castellanos flied out to right . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Merrifield safe at first on error by third baseman Castellanos . Bonifacio singled to center , Merrifield scored , Bonifacio to second on error by center fielder Mahtook . Cain struck out swinging . Hosmer walked . Pérez singled to left , Bonifacio to third , Hosmer to second , Bonifacio scored , Hosmer to third , Pérez to second on throwing error by shortstop Iglesias . Moustakas singled to right center , Hosmer scored , Pérez to third . Escobar grounded out to first , Pérez scored , Moustakas to second . Moss lined out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 3 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Cabrera struck out swinging . Mahtook doubled to deep right center . Mahtook picked off second . Martínez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Gordon lined out to right . Merrifield struck out swinging . Bonifacio fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Duffy pitching for Royals . McCann struck out looking . Romine grounded out to second . Iglesias grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Cain grounded out to second . Hosmer homered to center ( 444 feet ) . Pérez hit by pitch . Pérez stole second . Moustakas popped out to second . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop , Pérez to third . Moss doubled to deep right , Pérez and Escobar scored . Gordon doubled to center , Moss scored . Bell pitching for Tigers . Merrifield flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Kinsler flied out to right . Castellanos flied out to center . Upton singled to shallow left . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Cain lined out to center . Hosmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Mahtook struck out swinging . Martínez singled to center . McCann singled to center , Martínez to second . Romine grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McCann out at second , Martínez to third . Iglesias singled to right , Martínez scored , Romine to second . Kinsler doubled to right center , Romine and Iglesias scored . Castellanos flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Pérez struck out swinging . Moustakas singled to deep left . Escobar grounded out to shortstop , Moustakas to second . Moss flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Upton doubled to deep right center . Cabrera singled to center , Upton scored . Mahtook singled to center , Cabrera to second . Minor pitching for Royals . Martínez flied out to right , Cabrera to third . McCann struck out swinging . Romine grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Gordon struck out swinging . Merrifield homered to left ( 386 feet ) . Bonifacio singled to left . Cain singled to right , Bonifacio to third . Hosmer singled to left , Bonifacio scored , Cain to third . Pérez singled to right , Cain scored , Hosmer to second . Stumpf pitching for Tigers . Hosmer to third , Pérez to second on wild pitch by Stumpf . Moustakas hit sacrifice fly to left , Hosmer scored . Escobar struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Feliz pitching for Royals . Iglesias grounded out to second . Kinsler lined out to right . Castellanos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Machado at second base . Presley in left field . Adduci in right field . Romine at first base . Stumpf pitching for Tigers . Moss grounded out to second . Gordon hit by pitch . Merrifield grounded out to pitcher , Gordon to second . Bonifacio lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Merrifield at first base . Burns in center field . Torres at second base . Butera catching . Alburquerque pitching for Royals . Adduci walked . Presley singled to center , Adduci to second . Mahtook lined out to left . Avila hit for Martínez . Avila walked , Adduci to third , Presley to second . McCann struck out swinging . Romine grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Burns reached on infield single to third . Torres popped out to second . Butera walked , Burns to second . Moustakas singled to center , Burns scored , Butera to third . Escobar doubled to deep center , Butera scored , Moustakas to third . Moss singled to right , Moustakas and Escobar scored . Gordon singled to right , Moss to second . Merrifield singled to right , Moss to third , Gordon to second . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Burns popped out to third . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Iglesias grounded out to shortstop . Machado singled to right . Machado to second on fielder 's indifference . Castellanos grounded out to second , Machado to third . Adduci struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 4 - Royals 16 .	Royals rout Tigers 16 - 4 , set season highs for runs and hits