Royals - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Merrifield singled to center . Merrifield caught stealing second , catcher to first . Bonifacio fouled out to first . Cain flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Kinsler walked . Presley popped out to shortstop . Upton struck out looking . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Hosmer reached on infield single to third . Moustakas lined out to second . Hosmer stole second . Moss struck out swinging . Escobar singled to left , Hosmer scored . Escobar stole second . Gordon walked . Butera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Castellanos flied out to right . Martínez flied out to center . Mahtook flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Merrifield reached on infield single to third . Merrifield to second on balk by Sánchez . Bonifacio singled to left , Merrifield scored , Bonifacio to second advancing on throw . Cain grounded out to first , Bonifacio to third . Hosmer singled to right , Bonifacio scored . Moustakas singled to right , Hosmer to second . Moss singled to right , Hosmer scored , Moustakas to second . Escobar struck out swinging . Gordon flied out to right . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Royals . McCann singled to shallow left . Iglesias flied out to right . Kinsler flied out to left . Presley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Butera walked . Merrifield lined out to center . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Cain singled to shallow center , Butera to third . Bell pitching for Tigers . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Upton walked . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Upton out at second . Castellanos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Moustakas singled to center . Moss lined out to shortstop . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Moustakas out at second . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Martínez lined out to left . Mahtook singled to center . McCann flied out to center . Iglesias doubled to left , Mahtook scored , Iglesias thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Butera popped out to second . Merrifield flied out to center . Bonifacio flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Kinsler lined out to right . Presley grounded out to first . Upton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Cain doubled to deep left center . Hosmer reached on infield single to first , Cain to third . Moustakas singled to right , Cain scored , Hosmer to second . Moss struck out swinging . Escobar doubled to deep left , Hosmer scored , Moustakas to third . Gordon hit by pitch . Saupold pitching for Tigers . Butera singled to left , Moustakas and Escobar scored , Gordon to second . Merrifield singled to center , Gordon scored , Butera to second . Bonifacio singled to left , Butera to third , Merrifield to second . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Butera out at home , Merrifield to third , Bonifacio to second . Hosmer homered to right ( 408 feet ) , Merrifield , Bonifacio and Cain scored . Stumpf pitching for Tigers . Moustakas flied out to center . 9 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Torres at shortstop . Alexander pitching for Royals . Romine hit for Cabrera . Romine reached on infield single to shortstop . Castellanos reached on infield single to pitcher , Romine to second , Romine to third on throwing error by pitcher Alexander .   Avila hit for Martínez . Castellanos batting . Mahtook grounded out to shortstop . Mahtook batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 8th . Machado at second base . Romine at first base . Stumpf pitching for Tigers . Moss walked . Torres singled to left , Moss to second . Gordon struck out swinging . Butera flied out to center . Merrifield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Torres out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Buchter pitching for Royals . McCann flied out to left . Iglesias grounded out to second . Machado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Rondón pitching for Tigers . Bonifacio struck out looking . Cain singled to right . Cain to second on balk by Rondón . Hosmer singled to left , Cain scored . Moustakas hit by pitch , Hosmer to second . Avila at first base . Romine pitching for Tigers . Moss walked , Hosmer to third , Moustakas to second . Torres singled to right , Hosmer scored , Moustakas to third , Moss to second . Gordon hit sacrifice fly to center , Moustakas scored . Butera hit by pitch , Moss to third , Torres to second . Merrifield flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Maurer pitching for Royals . Presley struck out swinging . Upton walked . Romine singled to center , Upton to second . Castellanos singled to center , Upton to third , Romine to second . Avila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 16 - Tigers 2 .	Hosmer 's 5 hits , slam help Royals top Tigers , win 8th in row