Royals - Top 1st . Lewicki pitching for Tigers . Merrifield singled to left center . Cain flied out to center . Cabrera grounded out to second , Merrifield to second . Merrifield stole third . Hosmer singled to left , Merrifield scored . Pérez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Junis pitching for Royals . Kinsler lined out to second . Presley flied out to center . Castellanos lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Lewicki pitching for Tigers . Moustakas singled to center . Moss grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Moustakas out at second . Escobar singled to left . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Junis pitching for Royals . Navarro struck out swinging . McCann struck out swinging . Candelario doubled to deep left center . Mahtook grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Lewicki pitching for Tigers . Merrifield singled to right . Cain singled to right , Merrifield to second . Cabrera doubled to center , Merrifield and Cain scored . Hosmer homered to left center ( 416 feet ) , Cabrera scored . Pérez flied out to center . Moustakas lined out to third . Moss singled to right center . Escobar lined out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Junis pitching for Royals . Romine reached on infield single to shortstop , Romine to second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Iglesias struck out swinging . Kinsler lined out to third . Presley reached on infield single to shortstop , Romine tagged out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 4th . Lewicki pitching for Tigers . Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop . Merrifield flied out to left . Cain singled to center , Gordon to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cain out at second , Gordon to third . Hosmer walked , Cabrera to second . Pérez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Junis pitching for Royals . Castellanos popped out to shortstop . Navarro safe at first on error by second baseman Merrifield . McCann lined out to left . Candelario singled to right , Navarro to third . Mahtook flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 5th . Lewicki pitching for Tigers . Moustakas fouled out to catcher . Moss flied out to center . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Junis pitching for Royals . Romine doubled to deep center . Iglesias doubled to deep center , Romine scored . Kinsler popped out to first . Presley tripled to right , Iglesias scored . Castellanos hit sacrifice fly to center , Presley scored . Navarro grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Saupold pitching for Tigers . Gordon flied out to center . Merrifield struck out swinging . Cain flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Moylan pitching for Royals . McCann walked . Candelario walked , McCann to second . Mahtook grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Candelario out at second , McCann to third . Romine struck out swinging , Mahtook stole second . Iglesias lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Stumpf pitching for Tigers . Cabrera struck out swinging . Hosmer popped out to second . Pérez homered to left center ( 393 feet ) . Moustakas singled to left . Moss grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Kinsler walked . Presley lined out to left . Castellanos struck out swinging . Kinsler to second on wild pitch by McCarthy . Navarro walked . McCann grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . Escobar homered to left ( 385 feet ) . Gordon lined out to right . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . Cain singled to right . Cabrera grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Buchter pitching for Royals . Candelario fouled out to first . Mahtook grounded out to third . Romine lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Hosmer struck out swinging . Pérez grounded out to third . Moustakas doubled to right . Moss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Maurer pitching for Royals . Iglesias singled to center . Kinsler flied out to center . Presley singled to right , Iglesias to second . Castellanos homered to right ( 386 feet ) , Iglesias and Presley scored . Navarro struck out swinging . McCann singled to deep right center . Jones ran for McCann . Candelario singled to center , Jones to second . Alexander pitching for Royals . Mahtook grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Candelario out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 7 - Tigers 6 .	Homers and defense lead Royals past Tigers , 7 - 6