Pirates - Top 1st. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte singled to center. Marte stole second. Walker lined out to center. McCutchen fouled out to right, Marte to third. Jones reached on infield single to shortstop, Marte scored. Martin hit ground rule double to deep center, Jones to third. Alvarez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Parra walked. Prado struck out looking. Hill walked, Parra to second. Montero doubled to deep center, Parra and Hill scored. Goldschmidt lined out to third. Kubel homered to left (381 feet), Montero scored. Chavez reached on infield single to first. Pennington struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Snider doubled to deep left. Barmes walked. McDonald bunted into fielder's choice to third, Snider out at third, Barmes to second, Barmes to third on throwing error by shortstop Pennington. Marte grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McDonald out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. McDonald pitching for Pirates. McCarthy grounded out to second. Parra walked. Parra stole second. Prado struck out looking. Hill grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker struck out swinging. McCutchen singled to left. Jones lined out to center. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Montero struck out swinging. Goldschmidt flied out to left. Kubel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Alvarez safe at first on error by right fielder Kubel. Snider walked, Alvarez to second. Barmes flied out to left. McDonald singled to center, Alvarez to third, Snider to second. Marte doubled to right, Alvarez and Snider scored, McDonald to third. Walker singled to center, McDonald and Marte scored. McCutchen grounded out to third, Walker to second. Jones singled to right, Walker scored. Martin popped out to third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Chavez grounded out to second. Pennington flied out to center. McCarthy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Alvarez grounded out to shortstop. Snider popped out to shortstop. Barmes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Parra hit ground rule double to deep right. Prado flied out to right, Parra to third. Hill hit by pitch. Montero grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. McDonald struck out swinging. Marte flied out to right. Walker lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Goldschmidt walked. Watson pitching for Pirates. Kubel walked, Goldschmidt to second. Chavez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kubel out at second, Goldschmidt to third. Pennington flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Jones singled to right. Martin struck out swinging. Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones stole second. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Marte hit for Sipp. Watson pitching for Pirates. Marte doubled to deep left. Parra grounded out to second, Marte to third. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Prado walked. Hill walked, Prado to second. Montero hit sacrifice fly to center, Marte scored. Goldschmidt flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Bell pitching for Diamondbacks. Snider singled to center. Barmes sacrificed to pitcher, Snider to second. Sanchez hit for Hughes. Sanchez struck out swinging. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Kubel struck out swinging. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. Pennington grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen fouled out to first. Jones struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Grilli pitching for Pirates. Hinske hit for Hernandez. Hinske struck out swinging. Parra grounded out to first. Prado singled to right center. Hill popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 6 - Diamondbacks 5.	Bats continue surge as Pirates top D-backs