Pirates - Top 1st. Leake pitching for Reds. Marte struck out looking. Tabata grounded out to third. McCutchen walked. Alvarez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Choo struck out swinging. Heisey homered to left (373 feet). Votto singled to center. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Votto out at second. Bruce struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Leake pitching for Reds. Martin struck out looking. Jones doubled to deep left. Mercer struck out looking. Barmes intentionally walked. Liriano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barmes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Frazier walked. Cozart struck out swinging. Mesoraco walked, Frazier to second. Leake grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mesoraco out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Leake pitching for Reds. Marte struck out swinging. Tabata lined out to center. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Choo flied out to left. Heisey walked. Votto struck out looking. Phillips flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Leake pitching for Reds. Alvarez grounded out to first. Martin singled to right center. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Bruce lined out to first. Frazier grounded out to third. Cozart grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Leake pitching for Reds. Mercer fouled out to catcher. Barmes singled to right center. Liriano bunted into double play, catcher to shortstop to second, Barmes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Mesoraco doubled to deep left. Leake grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mesoraco out at third. Choo singled to center, Leake to third. Heisey reached on infield single to second, Leake scored, Choo to second. Votto walked, Choo to third, Heisey to second. Wilson pitching for Pirates. Phillips doubled to deep center, Choo, Heisey and Votto scored. Bruce grounded out to third. Frazier reached on infield single to second, Phillips to third. Cozart struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Leake pitching for Reds. Marte homered to center (396 feet). Tabata flied out to center. McCutchen homered to center (407 feet). Alvarez flied out to right. Martin homered to left (386 feet). Ondrusek pitching for Reds. Jones singled to center. Mercer singled to center, Jones to second. Barmes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jones out at third, Mercer to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Mazzaro pitching for Pirates. Mesoraco reached on infield single to shortstop. Hannahan hit for Ondrusek. Hannahan flied into double play, center to second to first, Mesoraco doubled off first. Choo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Simon pitching for Reds. Snider hit for Mazzaro. Snider singled to shallow left. Marte struck out swinging. Tabata walked, Snider to second. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tabata out at second, Snider to third. Parra pitching for Reds. McCutchen stole second. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Snider in right field. Heisey lined out to right. Votto walked. Phillips flied out to center. Bruce safe at first on error by first baseman Jones, Votto advanced to second on Jones error, Votto tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 8th. Parra pitching for Reds. Martin struck out looking. Sanchez hit for Jones. LeCure pitching for Reds. Sanchez walked. Mercer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Morris pitching for Pirates. Sanchez at first base. Frazier grounded out to third. Cozart struck out swinging. Mesoraco lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Chapman pitching for Reds. Barmes struck out looking. Harrison hit for Snider. Harrison struck out swinging. Marte singled to right. McKenry hit for Morris. Marte to second on fielder's indifference. McKenry popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 3 - Reds 5.	Phillips drives in 3 to send Reds past Pirates