Pirates - Top 1st. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Marte doubled to left. Walker doubled to left, Marte scored. McCutchen grounded out to second, Walker to third. Alvarez struck out swinging. Jones doubled to left, Walker scored. McKenry singled to left, Jones scored. Snider struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Hechavarria lined out to right. Yelich singled to center. Stanton struck out swinging. Morrison hit by pitch, Yelich to second. Solano singled to right, Yelich scored, Morrison to third. Polanco grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Mercer grounded out to second. Morton lined out to first. Marte grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Marisnick grounded out to third. Brantly grounded out to third. Koehler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Walker singled to center. McCutchen singled to left center, Walker to second. Alvarez grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCutchen out at second, Walker to third. Jones reached on infield single to second, Walker scored, Alvarez to third. McKenry singled to right, Alvarez scored, Jones to second. Snider grounded out to pitcher, Jones to third, McKenry to second. Mercer intentionally walked. Morton flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop. Yelich singled to center, Yelich to second on error by center fielder McCutchen. Stanton doubled to left, Yelich scored. Morrison singled to shallow left, Stanton scored, Morrison to second on throwing error by left fielder Marte. Solano lined out to right, Morrison to third. Polanco singled to right, Morrison scored. Marisnick reached on infield single to third, Polanco to second. Brantly struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Marte struck out swinging. Walker lined out to left. McCutchen walked. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Koehler struck out swinging. Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop. Yelich struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Jones struck out swinging. McKenry doubled to deep right center. Snider grounded out to shortstop, McKenry to third. Mercer intentionally walked. Morton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Stanton singled to center. Morrison singled to center, Stanton to second. Solano grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Morrison out at second, Stanton to third. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Webb pitching for Marlins. Marte singled to center. Walker doubled to deep right, Marte scored. McCutchen fouled out to first, Walker to third. Alvarez struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Wilson pitching for Pirates. Sanchez at first base. Marisnick fouled out to first. Brantly struck out swinging. Ruggiano hit for Webb. Ruggiano popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Jennings pitching for Marlins. McKenry singled to left. Tabata hit for Snider. Tabata flied out to right. Mercer grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, McKenry out at second. Sanchez lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Tabata in right field. Wilson pitching for Pirates. Hechavarria struck out swinging. Yelich grounded out to pitcher. Stanton walked. Morrison singled to left, Stanton to second. Morris pitching for Pirates. Solano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morrison out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Jennings pitching for Marlins. Marte struck out swinging. Walker lined out to center. McCutchen tripled to left. Alvarez singled to left center, McCutchen scored. Alvarez to second on wild pitch by Jennings. Morris struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Morris pitching for Pirates. Polanco lined out to first. Marisnick walked. Brantly lined out to right. Dobbs hit for Jennings. Watson pitching for Pirates. Dobbs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. McKenry grounded out to shortstop. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. Mercer popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Barmes at shortstop. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Hechavarria walked. Yelich grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hechavarria out at second. Stanton reached on infield single to third. Stanton to second on fielder's indifference. Morrison grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 7 - Marlins 4.	McKenry has 4 hits, leads Pirates by Marlins