Brewers - Top 1st . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Parra flied out to left . Lucroy singled to center . Braun grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lucroy out at second . Lind struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Escobar doubled to deep center . Moustakas lined out to center , Escobar to third . Cain hit sacrifice fly to center , Escobar scored . Hosmer doubled to deep left . Morales singled to right , Hosmer scored . Gordon singled to right , Morales to second . Pérez grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Ramírez singled to left . Gennett lined out to center . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ramírez out at second . Peterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Rios popped out to second . Infante lined out to left . Escobar reached on infield single to second . Escobar stole second . Moustakas singled to right , Escobar scored . Cain lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Pérez singled to right . Parra singled to right , Pérez to second . Lucroy grounded into double play , third to second , Pérez out at third , Parra out at second , Lucroy to first . Braun flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Hosmer popped out to third . Morales flied out to right . Gordon singled to right . Pérez singled to left , Gordon thrown out at home , Gordon to third advancing on play . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Lind lined out to right . Ramírez popped out to first . Gennett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Rios flied out to left . Infante reached on infield single to third . Infante caught stealing second , catcher to second . Escobar singled to center . Escobar picked off first . Moustakas batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Segura grounded out to pitcher . Peterson singled to right . Pérez doubled to left , Peterson to third . Parra hit sacrifice fly to center , Peterson scored , Pérez to third . Lucroy singled to right , Pérez scored . Braun lined out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Moustakas walked . Cain singled to shallow left , Moustakas to second . Hosmer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cain out at second , Moustakas to third . Morales walked . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morales out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Lind grounded out to third . Ramírez grounded out to third . Gennett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Blazek pitching for Brewers . Pérez struck out swinging . Rios singled to center . Infante struck out swinging , Rios to second on wild pitch by Blazek . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Herrera pitching for Royals . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Peterson lined out to center . Pérez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Smith pitching for Brewers . Moustakas struck out swinging . Cain grounded out to shortstop . Hosmer reached on bunt single to pitcher . Hosmer to second on wild pitch by Smith . Morales grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Davis pitching for Royals . Parra singled to center . Lucroy flied out to right . Parra stole second . Braun safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar . Lind walked , Parra to third , Braun to second . Ramírez fouled out to first . Gennett struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Smith pitching for Brewers . Gordon struck out looking . Jeffress pitching for Brewers . Pérez lined out to first . Rios lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Holland pitching for Royals . Segura lined out to left . Peterson struck out swinging , Peterson safe at first on passed ball by Pérez . Pérez struck out swinging . Parra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peterson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 2 - Royals 3 .	Yost passes Herzog atop Kansas City 's wins list