Red Sox - Top 1st . Jose Pino pitching for Royals . Holt popped out to first . Betts reached on infield single to second . Ortiz grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Betts out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Escobar struck out looking . Moustakas popped out to shortstop . Cain lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Jose Pino pitching for Royals . Ramírez lined out to left . Bogaerts singled to right . Sandoval doubled to deep center , Bogaerts to third . Napoli singled to center , Bogaerts and Sandoval scored . De Aza walked , Napoli to second . Swihart doubled to deep right , Napoli and De Aza scored . Holt grounded out to second , Swihart to third . Betts singled to right , Swihart scored . Ortiz grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Hosmer singled to left . Morales flied out to center . Gordon hit by pitch , Hosmer to second . Pérez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Jose Pino pitching for Royals . Ramírez flied out to center . Bogaerts flied out to center . Sandoval singled to right . Napoli flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Rios struck out looking . Infante struck out swinging . Escobar walked . Moustakas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Jose Pino pitching for Royals . De Aza flied out to center . Swihart singled to right . Swihart caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Holt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Cain grounded out to third . Hosmer struck out swinging . Morales singled to right . Gordon grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Jose Pino pitching for Royals . Betts singled to left . Ortiz grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Betts out at second . Ramírez homered to center ( 423 feet ) . Bogaerts grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Pérez grounded out to second . Rios grounded out to shortstop . Infante doubled to deep left center . Escobar doubled to right , Infante scored . Moustakas grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Jose Pino pitching for Royals . Sandoval flied out to left . Napoli doubled to deep left . Finnegan pitching for Royals . De Aza reached on infield single to first , Napoli to third . Swihart grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , De Aza out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Cain grounded out to shortstop . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Finnegan pitching for Royals . Holt walked . Betts singled to left , Holt to second . Ortiz lined out to center . Holt stole third . Betts stole second . Ramírez singled to left , Holt scored , Betts to third . Bogaerts grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Betts out at home , Ramírez to second . Sandoval struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Castillo in right field . De Aza in left field . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Gordon singled to right center . Pérez flied out to left . Rios singled to right , Gordon to second . Ogando pitching for Red Sox . Infante grounded out to second , Gordon to third , Rios to second . Escobar fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Colón at shortstop . Butera catching . Finnegan pitching for Royals . Napoli walked . De Aza safe at first on error by shortstop Colón , Napoli to second . Swihart grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , De Aza out at second , Napoli to third . Holt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Ross Jr. pitching for Red Sox . Moustakas grounded out to second . Cain grounded out to pitcher . Hosmer homered to center ( 435 feet ) . Morales reached on infield single to third . Gordon walked , Morales to second . Morales to third , Gordon to second on wild pitch by Ross Jr .. Butera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Betts flied out to left . Ortiz singled to right . Castillo singled to center , Ortiz to second . Bogaerts grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Wright pitching for Red Sox . Rios grounded out to first . Infante flied out to center . Colón doubled to deep center . Moustakas doubled to deep center , Colón scored . Moustakas to third on wild pitch by Wright . Cain grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 7 - Royals 3 .	Sandoval extends hitting streak to nine in win over Royals