Blue Jays - Top 1st . Volquez pitching for Royals . Reyes singled to left . Travis singled to center , Reyes to second . Bautista flied out to right , Reyes to third . Encarnación struck out swinging . Travis stole second . Colabello grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Doubront pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar singled to center . Moustakas popped out to shortstop . Cain singled to left , Escobar to second . Hosmer singled to left , Escobar scored , Cain to third , Hosmer to second on throwing error by left fielder Colabello . Morales homered to center ( 453 feet ) , Cain and Hosmer scored . Pérez safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes . Infante doubled to deep left center , Pérez scored . Rios grounded out to shortstop , Infante to third . Orlando reached on infield single to shortstop , Infante scored . Escobar struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Volquez pitching for Royals . Martin grounded out to second . Valencia reached on infield single to shortstop . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Valencia out at second , Pillar to second on throwing error by second baseman Infante . Pillar caught stealing third , catcher to third . Carrera batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Doubront pitching for Blue Jays . Moustakas singled to left center . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moustakas out at second . Hosmer grounded into double play , to first , Cain out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Volquez pitching for Royals . Carrera flied out to center . Reyes fouled out to third . Travis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Doubront pitching for Blue Jays . Morales grounded out to pitcher . Pérez grounded out to third . Infante reached on infield single to shortstop . Rios flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Volquez pitching for Royals . Bautista flied out to center . Encarnación walked . Colabello walked , Encarnación to second . Martin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Colabello out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Doubront pitching for Blue Jays . Orlando lined out to right . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Moustakas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Volquez pitching for Royals . Valencia grounded out to shortstop . Pillar flied out to right . Carrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Doubront pitching for Blue Jays . Cain doubled to deep left . Hosmer singled to right center , Cain scored , Hosmer out stretching at second . Morales grounded out to pitcher . Pérez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Volquez pitching for Royals . Reyes reached on infield single to second . Travis safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas , Reyes to second . Bautista doubled to right , Reyes scored , Travis to third . Encarnación grounded out to third , Travis scored . Bautista stole third . Colabello walked . Madson pitching for Royals . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bautista scored , Colabello safe at second on error by second baseman Infante . Valencia doubled to deep right center , Colabello and Martin scored . Pillar doubled to left , Valencia scored . Carrera singled to right , Pillar scored , Carrera to second advancing on throw . Reyes flied out to center . Travis singled to right , Carrera scored , Travis to second advancing on throw . Herrera pitching for Royals . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 8 Runs , 6 Hits , 2 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Infante singled to left center . Rios singled to left , Infante to second . Orlando sacrificed to third , Infante to third , Rios to second . Escobar safe at second on error by shortstop Reyes , Infante and Rios scored . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Moustakas hit by pitch . Cain singled to right , Escobar scored , Moustakas to second . Hosmer struck out swinging . Morales grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cain out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Herrera pitching for Royals . Encarnación grounded out to shortstop . Colabello safe at first on error by third baseman Moustakas . Martin doubled to deep right center , Colabello scored . Martin to third on wild pitch by Herrera . Martin out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Valencia popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 7th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Pérez flied out to center . Infante flied out to right . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Davis pitching for Royals . Pillar tripled to deep right . Carrera struck out swinging . Reyes singled to center , Pillar scored . Travis struck out swinging . Smoak hit for Bautista . Smoak flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Schultz pitching for Blue Jays . Orlando homered to left ( 414 feet ) . Escobar flied out to left . Moustakas singled to right . Cain grounded into double play , third to second to first , Moustakas out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Holland pitching for Royals . Encarnación flied out to left . Colabello walked . Goins ran for Colabello . Martin struck out swinging . Goins caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 10 - Royals 11 .	Royals edge Blue Jays 11 - 10 after blowing seven - run lead