Pirates - Top 1st . Ventura pitching for Royals . Polanco lined out to shortstop . Walker flied out to left . McCutchen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Escobar singled to center . Escobar stole second . Moustakas singled to left , Escobar scored advancing on play . Moustakas out stretching at second . Cain popped out to shortstop . Hosmer singled to second . Morales grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 2nd . Ventura pitching for Royals . Marte singled to right . Kang singled to left , Marte to second . Álvarez singled to center , Marte scored , Kang to second . Cervelli singled to center , Kang to third , Álvarez to second , Kang scored on error by center fielder Cain . Ishikawa doubled to deep left , Álvarez and Cervelli scored . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Polanco struck out looking . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Pérez singled to deep center . Infante doubled to deep left , Pérez to third . Rios struck out swinging . Dyson hit by pitch . Escobar lined out to shortstop . Moustakas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Ventura pitching for Royals . McCutchen singled to left center . Marte singled to left center , McCutchen to second . Kang walked , McCutchen to third , Marte to second . Álvarez struck out swinging . Cervelli grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McCutchen out at home , Marte to third , Kang to second . Ishikawa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Cain grounded out to shortstop . Hosmer struck out swinging . Morales grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Ventura pitching for Royals . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Polanco doubled to right . Walker grounded out to second , Polanco to third . McCutchen doubled to deep center , Polanco scored . Marte struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Pérez grounded out to third . Infante grounded out to shortstop . Rios doubled to deep left . Dyson reached on infield single to second , Rios to third . Rios stole home . Dyson stole second . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Ventura pitching for Royals . Kang doubled to deep left . Medlen pitching for Royals . Álvarez struck out swinging . Cervelli struck out looking . Ishikawa homered to left ( 370 feet ) , Kang scored . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Moustakas hit by pitch . Cain grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Moustakas out at second . Hosmer singled to left . Morales homered to right ( 362 feet ) , Hosmer scored . Pérez lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Medlen pitching for Royals . Polanco grounded out to first . Walker struck out swinging . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Infante walked . Rios flied out to right . Dyson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Infante out at second . Dyson to second on balk by Burnett . Dyson stole third . Escobar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Medlen pitching for Royals . Marte singled to center . Marte stole second . Kang flied out to center , Marte to third . Álvarez grounded out to first , Marte scored . Cervelli grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Moustakas homered to right ( 425 feet ) . Cain singled to left . Bastardo pitching for Pirates . Stewart catching . Hosmer tripled to deep right , Cain scored . Morales grounded out to third , Hosmer scored . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Pérez singled to left . Infante grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Pérez out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Medlen pitching for Royals . Ishikawa doubled to deep right center . Rodriguez bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ishikawa out at third . Polanco singled to shallow left , Rodriguez to third . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Walker tripled to deep right , Rodriguez and Polanco scored . McCutchen struck out looking . Marte grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Rios grounded out to second . Dyson struck out swinging . Escobar singled to right . Moustakas hit by pitch , Escobar to second . Cain flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Kang grounded out to shortstop . Álvarez singled to center . Stewart singled to center , Álvarez to second . Ishikawa struck out swinging . Rodriguez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Hosmer walked . Morales grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Hosmer out at second . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 10 - Royals 7 .	Travis Ishikawa drives in 4 as Pirates outslug Royals 10 - 7