Angels - Top 1st . Cueto pitching for Royals . Giavotella singled to left center . Calhoun lined out to right . Giavotella picked off first . Trout batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Escobar popped out to second . Zobrist walked . Hosmer flied out to center . Morales singled to left , Zobrist to third . Moustakas grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Cueto pitching for Royals . Pujols homered to left center ( 415 feet ) . Murphy doubled to deep center . Gillaspie lined out to second . DeJesus singled to center , Murphy thrown out at home , DeJesus to second advancing on throw . Pérez reached on infield single to pitcher , DeJesus to third . Featherston grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pérez out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Pérez homered to left center ( 453 feet ) . Rios walked . Orlando doubled to deep left , Rios to third . Dyson singled to center , Rios and Orlando scored . Dyson stole second . Escobar sacrificed to third , Dyson to third . Zobrist walked . Hosmer singled to right , Dyson scored , Zobrist to second . Morales singled to center , Zobrist to third , Hosmer to second . Moustakas grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Zobrist scored , Morales out at second , Hosmer to third . Pérez doubled to left , Hosmer scored , Moustakas to third . Salas pitching for Angels . Rios flied out to center . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Cueto pitching for Royals . Giavotella singled to deep right . Calhoun flied out to left . Trout grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Giavotella out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Salas pitching for Angels . Orlando struck out swinging . Dyson doubled to deep center . Escobar lined out to right . Dyson stole third . Zobrist singled to right , Dyson scored . Ramos pitching for Angels . Hosmer walked , Zobrist to second . Morales struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Cueto pitching for Royals . Pujols flied out to left . Murphy singled to right center . Gillaspie struck out swinging . DeJesus flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Ramos pitching for Angels . Moustakas doubled to deep right . Pérez struck out looking . Rios safe at first on error by shortstop Featherston , Moustakas to third . Orlando lined out to shortstop . Dyson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rios out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 5th . Cueto pitching for Royals . Pérez struck out swinging . Featherston hit by pitch . Giavotella struck out looking . Calhoun grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Ramos pitching for Angels . Escobar flied out to right . Zobrist grounded out to shortstop . Hosmer doubled to deep left center . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Cueto pitching for Royals . Trout grounded out to shortstop . Pujols struck out looking . Murphy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Álvarez pitching for Angels . Moustakas doubled to left . Pérez struck out looking . Rios grounded out to second , Moustakas to third . Orlando doubled to deep left , Moustakas scored . Dyson singled to center , Orlando scored . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Cueto pitching for Royals . Gillaspie flied out to right . DeJesus grounded out to first . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Cron at first base . Victorino in center field . Alvarez pitching for Angels . Zobrist walked . Hosmer lined out to shortstop . Morales grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Zobrist out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Cueto pitching for Royals . Featherston flied out to right . Giavotella singled to center . Calhoun lined into double play , to first , Giavotella doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Gott pitching for Angels . Moustakas grounded out to first . Pérez grounded out to pitcher . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Cron homered to left center ( 431 feet ) . Victorino singled to left center . Murphy fouled out to third . Gillaspie struck out looking . Victorino to second on fielder 's indifference . DeJesus safe at first on error by center fielder Dyson , Victorino scored . Pérez doubled to deep left , DeJesus scored . Featherston struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 4 - Royals 9 .	Perez goes deep , Cueto stingy as Royals beat Angels , 9 - 4