White Sox - Top 1st . Medlen pitching for Royals . Eaton singled to center . Abreu singled to right , Eaton to third . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Eaton out at third , Abreu to second . García singled to center , Abreu scored , Cabrera to second . LaRoche walked , Cabrera to third , García to second . Ramírez singled to center , Cabrera and García scored , LaRoche to second . Sánchez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramírez out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Escobar struck out swinging . Zobrist reached on infield single to second . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Zobrist out at second . Hosmer walked , Cain to second . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Medlen pitching for Royals . Flowers singled to right . Saladino grounded into double play , third to second to first , Flowers out at second . Eaton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Gomes grounded out to third . Pérez lined out to right . Cuthbert doubled to deep center . Orlando singled to left , Cuthbert thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Medlen pitching for Royals . Abreu flied out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . García grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Escobar flied out to right . Zobrist flied out to right . Cain grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Medlen pitching for Royals . LaRoche grounded out to second . Ramírez singled to left . Ramírez stole second . Sánchez singled to center , Ramírez to third , Sánchez to second advancing on throw . Flowers homered to center ( 424 feet ) , Ramírez and Sánchez scored . Saladino grounded out to shortstop . Eaton doubled to right . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Hosmer grounded out to second . Morales grounded out to second . Gomes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Medlen pitching for Royals . Cabrera grounded out to second . García grounded out to third . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Pérez lined out to left . Cuthbert struck out swinging . Orlando grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Medlen pitching for Royals . Ramírez singled to center . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop , Ramírez to second . Flowers struck out swinging . Saladino singled to left , Ramírez scored . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop , Saladino to second . Abreu struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Escobar singled to right . Zobrist grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Escobar out at second . Cain grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Cabrera fouled out to third . García flied out to right . LaRoche popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Hosmer lined out to shortstop . Morales grounded out to second . Gomes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Colón at second base . Gore in left field . Orlando in center field . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Ramírez reached on infield single to shortstop . Sánchez struck out swinging . Flowers hit by pitch , Ramírez to second . Saladino singled to left center , Ramírez scored , Flowers to second . Eaton homered to right ( 388 feet ) , Flowers and Saladino scored . Abreu homered to center ( 453 feet ) . Cabrera doubled to deep left center . García struck out swinging . LaRoche flied out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . García in center field . Thompson in left field . Shuck in right field . Danks pitching for White Sox . Pérez struck out swinging . Cuthbert lined out to right . Orlando grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Butera at first base . Peña catching . Guthrie pitching for Royals . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . Sánchez grounded out to pitcher . Flowers popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Escobar singled to right . Colón singled to right , Escobar to second . Gore fouled out to left . Butera singled to left , Escobar to third , Colón to second . Morales hit sacrifice fly to left , Escobar scored . Gomes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 12 - Royals 1 .	Danks goes the distance as White Sox beat Royals 12 - 1