Royals - Top 1st . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Gordon flied out to left . Zobrist grounded out to first . Cain struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Ventura pitching for Royals . Reimold grounded out to second . Machado singled to shallow left center . Davis hit by pitch , Machado to second . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop , Machado to third , Davis to second . Parra hit sacrifice fly to right , Machado scored , Davis to third . Wieters struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Hosmer walked . Morales grounded out to second , Hosmer to second . Moustakas struck out swinging . Pérez singled to left , Hosmer scored . Rios lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Ventura pitching for Royals . Schoop struck out swinging . Paredes singled to left . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Paredes out at second . Reimold grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hardy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Escobar grounded out to second . Gordon lined out to shortstop . Zobrist grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Ventura pitching for Royals . Machado singled to center . Davis walked , Machado to second . Jones homered to center ( 424 feet ) , Machado and Davis scored . Parra grounded out to second . Wieters singled to deep right . Schoop grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wieters out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Cain grounded out to second . Hosmer struck out looking . Morales grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Ventura pitching for Royals . Paredes struck out looking . Hardy grounded out to first . Reimold reached on infield single to shortstop , Reimold to second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Machado walked . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 5th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Moustakas popped out to third . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . Rios reached on infield single to shortstop . Escobar popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Ventura pitching for Royals . Jones grounded out to second . Parra grounded out to second . Wieters flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Gordon walked . Zobrist singled to left , Gordon to second . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zobrist out at second , Gordon to third . Hosmer singled to left center , Gordon scored , Cain to second . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Morales walked , Cain to third , Hosmer to second . Moustakas singled to center , Cain and Hosmer scored , Morales to third , Moustakas to second on throwing error by center fielder Jones . Roe pitching for Orioles . Pérez singled to deep right , Morales and Moustakas scored . Rios doubled to left , Pérez to third . Escobar grounded into double play , second to first to third , Pérez out at home . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Ventura pitching for Royals . Schoop singled to left . Paredes grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Schoop out at second . Hardy walked , Paredes to second . Reimold struck out swinging . Machado hit by pitch , Paredes to third , Hardy to second . Madson pitching for Royals . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop . Zobrist reached on bunt single to third , Gordon to second , Gordon to third on throwing error by third baseman Machado . Cain doubled to left , Gordon scored , Zobrist to third . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher . Morales intentionally walked . Moustakas homered to right ( 404 feet ) , Zobrist , Cain and Morales scored . Garcia pitching for Orioles . Pérez struck out swinging . Rios struck out looking . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Almonte pitching for Royals . Jones hit by pitch . Parra singled to center , Jones to second . Wieters grounded out to pitcher , Jones to third , Parra to second . Schoop struck out swinging . Paredes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Garcia pitching for Orioles . Escobar lined out to left . Gordon flied out to left . Zobrist flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Hardy doubled to deep center . Reimold homered to left ( 368 feet ) , Hardy scored . Machado walked . Davis walked , Machado to second . Davis pitching for Royals . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second , Machado to third . Parra struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Cain flied out to right . Hosmer walked . Morales doubled to deep right , Hosmer to third . Moustakas homered to right ( 422 feet ) , Hosmer and Morales scored . Pérez grounded out to second . Rios singled to left . Escobar popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Butera catching . Coleman pitching for Royals . Wieters walked . Schoop struck out swinging . Paredes fouled out to catcher . Hardy popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 14 - Orioles 6 .	Moustakas tallies Royals - record 9 RBIs in win