Royals - Top 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar tripled to right . Zobrist grounded out to second , Escobar scored . Cain flied out to center . Hosmer grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Cueto pitching for Royals . Revere flied out to right . Donaldson struck out swinging . Bautista walked . Encarnación struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Morales singled to shallow center . Moustakas flied out to center . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morales out at second . Gordon singled to right , Pérez to third . Rios flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Cueto pitching for Royals . Colabello grounded out to second . Tulowitzki singled to left . Martin hit by pitch , Tulowitzki to second . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martin out at second , Tulowitzki to third . Pillar stole second . Goins singled to left , Tulowitzki and Pillar scored , Goins to second advancing on throw . Revere walked . Donaldson singled to shallow left , Goins scored , Revere to second . Bautista flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Zobrist doubled to deep center . Cain reached on infield single to shortstop , Zobrist to third . Hosmer grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Zobrist scored , Cain out at second . Morales singled to shallow center , Hosmer to second . Moustakas flied out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Cueto pitching for Royals . Encarnación singled to center . Colabello walked , Encarnación to second . Tulowitzki homered to center ( 425 feet ) , Encarnación and Colabello scored . Martin walked . Pillar doubled to center , Martin scored . Medlen pitching for Royals . Goins struck out swinging . Revere grounded out to third . Donaldson homered to left ( 458 feet ) , Pillar scored . Bautista struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Pérez grounded out to second . Gordon lined out to third . Rios flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Medlen pitching for Royals . Encarnación singled to left center . Colabello grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Encarnación out at second . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar singled to center . Zobrist doubled to deep right , Escobar to third . Cain flied out to right . Escobar scored , Zobrist to third on wild pitch by Stroman . Hosmer struck out swinging . Morales walked . Moustakas singled to right center , Zobrist scored , Morales to third . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moustakas out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Medlen pitching for Royals . Martin struck out swinging . Pillar grounded out to third . Goins homered to right center ( 421 feet ) . Revere flied out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Rios grounded out to shortstop . Escobar singled to shallow left . Zobrist grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Medlen pitching for Royals . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Bautista walked . Encarnación flied out to right . Colabello grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Cain grounded out to second . Hosmer singled to shallow right . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Morales flied out to left . Moustakas grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Medlen pitching for Royals . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Martin struck out looking . Pillar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Pennington at second base . Smoak at first base . Goins at shortstop . Lowe pitching for Blue Jays . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . Gordon struck out looking . Rios flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Morales pitching for Royals . Goins fouled out to catcher . Revere reached on infield single to first . Donaldson walked , Revere to second . Bautista singled to left , Revere scored , Donaldson to second . Encarnación struck out swinging . Smoak flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop . Zobrist doubled to right , Escobar to third . Cain hit sacrifice fly to right , Escobar scored , Zobrist to third . Hosmer singled to center , Zobrist scored . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Morales homered to right center ( 455 feet ) , Hosmer scored . Moustakas grounded out to shortstop . Pérez grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 8 - Blue Jays 11 .	Jays ' bats catch fire as Royals ' lead cut to 2 - 1