Phillies - Top 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Rollins flied out to center. Galvis grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Span struck out swinging. Harper reached on infield single to second, Harper to second on throwing error by second baseman Galvis. Harper stole third. Zimmerman struck out swinging. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Young grounded out to third. Brown grounded out to second. Frandsen hit by pitch. Revere singled to right, Frandsen to third. Quintero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Revere out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Desmond flied out to left. Moore struck out swinging. Solano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Hamels singled to right. Rollins grounded out to third, Hamels to second. Galvis fouled out to third. Young struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Lombardozzi grounded out to shortstop. Strasburg doubled to right. Span lined out to center. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Young struck out swinging. Brown struck out swinging. Frandsen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Nix at first base. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman popped out to first. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. Desmond grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Revere bunt grounded out to pitcher. Quintero struck out looking. Hamels grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Moore flied out to center. Solano flied out to left. Lombardozzi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Rollins struck out swinging. Galvis singled to center. Young grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Galvis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Strasburg singled to left. Span grounded into fielder's choice to third, Strasburg out at second. Harper grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Span out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Young struck out swinging. Brown struck out swinging. Nix struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman reached on infield single to second. LaRoche singled to right, Zimmerman to second. Desmond sacrificed to pitcher, Zimmerman to third, LaRoche to second. Moore intentionally walked. Solano grounded into fielder's choice to third, Zimmerman and LaRoche scored on throwing error by third baseman Young, Moore safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Young. Lombardozzi doubled to right, Moore and Solano scored, Lombardozzi to third on error by right fielder Young. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Strasburg struck out looking. Span doubled to deep left, Lombardozzi scored. Span to third on wild pitch by De Fratus. Harper walked. Bernadina ran for Harper. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Bernadina in right field. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Revere singled to left center. Quintero singled to center, Revere to second. Howard hit for De Fratus. Howard grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Quintero out at second, Revere to third. Revere scored on Strasburg's balk. Rollins grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Durbin pitching for Phillies. LaRoche doubled to deep left. Desmond grounded out to shortstop, LaRoche to third. Moore singled to left, LaRoche scored. Solano singled to shallow center, Moore to second. Lombardozzi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Solano out at second, Moore to third. Tracy hit for Strasburg. Tracy struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Galvis flied out to center. Young struck out looking. Young fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 1 - Nationals 6.	Strasburg outduels Hamels as Nats top Phils