Phillies - Top 1st. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Revere singled to center. Revere stole second, Revere safe at third on throwing error by catcher Rosario. Young reached on infield single to third, Revere scored. Rollins lined out to right. Howard doubled to deep left, Young thrown out at home. Howard to third on wild pitch by Chatwood. Brown walked. Brown stole second. Mayberry Jr. grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Pettibone pitching for Phillies. Rutledge fouled out to first. Pacheco reached on infield single to third. Gonzalez doubled to deep center, Pacheco scored. Cuddyer singled to right, Gonzalez scored. Rosario tripled to deep right center, Cuddyer scored. Colvin homered to left (388 feet), Rosario scored. Arenado singled to center. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Arenado out at second. LeMahieu stole second. Chatwood reached on infield single to first, LeMahieu scored, Chatwood to third on throwing error by catcher Quintero. Rutledge lined out to second. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 2nd. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Galvis grounded out to second. Quintero singled to center. Pettibone grounded out to third, Quintero to second. Revere singled to center, Quintero scored. Young grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Pettibone pitching for Phillies. Pacheco grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez walked. Cuddyer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Rollins popped out to shortstop. Howard walked. Brown flied out to left. Mayberry Jr. grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Howard out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Pettibone pitching for Phillies. Rosario doubled to deep right center. Colvin struck out swinging. Arenado singled to center, Rosario scored. LeMahieu singled to center, Arenado to second. Chatwood sacrificed to pitcher, Arenado to third, LeMahieu to second. Rutledge grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Galvis walked. Quintero grounded into double play, third to second to first, Galvis out at second. Martinez hit for Pettibone. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Horst pitching for Phillies. Pacheco lined out to right. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Cuddyer walked. Rosario doubled to deep center, Cuddyer scored. Colvin reached on infield single to shortstop, Rosario to third. Arenado singled to right center, Rosario scored, Colvin to second. LeMahieu walked, Colvin to third, Arenado to second. Chatwood reached on infield single to shortstop, Colvin scored, Arenado to third, LeMahieu to second. Rutledge struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Revere singled to left center. Young singled to right, Revere to second. Rollins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Young out at second, Revere to third. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Frandsen at second base. Galvis at shortstop. Savery pitching for Phillies. Pacheco grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Cuddyer singled to center. Rosario walked, Cuddyer to second. Colvin grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Brown grounded out to pitcher. Mayberry Jr. walked. Galvis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Mayberry Jr. out at second. Quintero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Savery pitching for Phillies. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu grounded out to second. Ottavino safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Savery. Rutledge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 7th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Frandsen walked. Revere struck out looking. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Frandsen out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Pacheco grounded out to third. Gonzalez doubled to deep left center. Cuddyer flied out to center. Rosario flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Volstad pitching for Rockies. Nix hit for De Fratus. Nix doubled to shallow right. Howard doubled to right, Nix scored. Brown flied out to center. Mayberry Jr. homered to center (424 feet), Howard scored. Galvis flied out to right. Quintero singled to center. Frandsen hit by pitch, Quintero to second. Revere lined out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Nix in right field. Mayberry Jr. in center field. Colvin struck out looking. Arenado popped out to first. LeMahieu singled to right. Torrealba hit for Volstad. Torrealba singled to right, LeMahieu to second. Rutledge grounded into fielder's choice to second, Torrealba out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Outman pitching for Rockies. Young grounded out to second. Young hit for Nix. Young lined out to second. Howard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Rockies 10.	Rockies ride six-run first to win over Phillies