Phillies - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Rollins struck out swinging. Young lined out to first. Utley lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Lannan pitching for Phillies. Carpenter grounded out to first. Robinson grounded out to second. Beltran popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Young singled to center. Ruf grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Young out at second. Nix lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Lannan pitching for Phillies. Craig singled to center. Molina reached on infield single to third, Craig to second. Freese walked, Craig to third, Molina to second. Adams singled to right, Craig and Molina scored, Freese to third. Kozma lined out to right, Freese out at home. Westbrook grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Adams out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Mayberry Jr. safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Freese. Ruiz grounded out to second, Mayberry Jr. to third. Lannan grounded out to second. Rollins lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Lannan pitching for Phillies. Carpenter singled to left center. Robinson singled to center, Carpenter to second. Beltran popped out to second. Craig grounded into fielder's choice to third, Robinson out at second, Carpenter to third. Molina singled to right, Carpenter scored, Craig to third. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Young lined out to right. Utley struck out swinging. Young lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Lannan pitching for Phillies. Adams struck out swinging. Kozma struck out swinging. Westbrook walked. Westbrook stole second. Carpenter singled to center, Westbrook scored. Robinson reached on infield single to shortstop, Carpenter to second. Beltran struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Ruf singled to left. Nix lined out to left. Mayberry Jr. reached on infield single to third, Ruf to second. Ruiz singled to right, Ruf scored, Mayberry Jr. to second. McDonald hit for Lannan. McDonald grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ruiz out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Ramirez pitching for Phillies. Craig doubled to deep center. Molina fouled out to first. Freese doubled to deep center, Craig scored. Adams doubled to deep center, Freese scored. Kozma walked. Westbrook sacrificed to catcher, Adams to third, Kozma to second. Carpenter walked. Robinson tripled to center, Adams, Kozma and Carpenter scored. Beltran fouled out to first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Rollins grounded out to first. Young grounded out to shortstop. Utley reached on infield single to first. Young lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Mayberry Jr. in right field. Martinez in center field. Craig walked. Molina lined out to pitcher, Craig to second. Freese walked. Adams flied out to center. Kozma struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Robinson in right field. Jay in center field. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Ruf grounded out to third. Nix singled to right. Mayberry Jr. doubled to left, Nix scored. Ruiz popped out to second. Martinez singled to center, Mayberry Jr. scored. Rollins singled to right, Martinez to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rollins out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Descalso hit for Westbrook. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Descalso grounded out to second. Carpenter hit by pitch. Robinson struck out looking. Jay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at third base. Utley walked. Frandsen hit for De Fratus. Frandsen hit by pitch, Utley to second. Ruf flied out to center. Nix grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Frandsen out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Craig grounded out to shortstop. Molina doubled to right. Cruz hit for Siegrist. Cruz reached on infield single to shortstop, Molina to third. Peterson hit for Adams. Peterson reached on infield single to second, Molina scored, Cruz to third. Kozma singled to right, Cruz scored, Peterson to second. Descalso grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kozma out at second, Peterson to third. Carpenter flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Cruz catching. Peterson at first base. Mayberry Jr. flied out to right. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 3 - Cardinals 11.	Westbrook, 16-hit attack lead Cards over Phils