Phillies - Top 1st. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Rollins safe at first on error by right fielder Werth. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rollins out at second. Utley grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Lee pitching for Phillies. Span singled to right center. Zimmerman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Span out at second. Harper walked. Werth struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Brown singled to right. Ruf homered to left (388 feet), Brown scored. Asche reached on infield single to first. Ruiz grounded out to third, Asche to second. Martinez reached on infield single to shortstop, Asche to third. Lee sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Asche scored, Martinez to second. Rollins singled to center, Martinez scored, Lee to second. Young struck out swinging. Lee to third, Rollins to second on wild pitch by Jordan. Utley flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Lee pitching for Phillies. Desmond walked. LaRoche flied out to center. Ramos flied into double play, center to first, Desmond doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Brown grounded out to first. Ruf grounded out to shortstop. Asche grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Lee pitching for Phillies. Rendon struck out swinging. Jordan struck out swinging. Span bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Ruiz singled to center. Martinez singled to right, Ruiz to second. Lee struck out swinging. Rollins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Lee pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman hit ground rule double to deep left. Harper struck out looking. Werth singled to center, Zimmerman scored. Desmond doubled to deep center, Werth to third. LaRoche grounded out to first, Werth scored, Desmond to third. Ramos grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Jordan pitching for Nationals. Young grounded out to shortstop. Utley walked. Brown grounded out to second, Utley to second. Ruf struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Lee pitching for Phillies. Rendon struck out swinging. Hairston hit for Jordan. Hairston flied out to center. Span doubled to deep right center. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Asche grounded out to second. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Martinez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Lee pitching for Phillies. Harper grounded out to first. Werth singled to right. Desmond struck out looking. LaRoche hit by pitch, Werth to second. Ramos singled to right, Werth scored, LaRoche to second. Rendon grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Frandsen hit for Lee. Roark pitching for Nationals. Frandsen lined out to shortstop. Rollins grounded out to first. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Lombardozzi hit for Roark. Lombardozzi walked. Span sacrificed to third, Lombardozzi to second. Lombardozzi stole third. Zimmerman walked. Harper bunted into fielder's choice to second, Lombardozzi scored, Zimmerman out at second. Miner pitching for Phillies. Werth homered to left (355 feet), Harper scored. Desmond hit ground rule double to left. LaRoche intentionally walked. Ramos reached on infield single to shortstop, Desmond to third, LaRoche to second. Rendon singled to center, Desmond and LaRoche scored, Ramos to third. Lombardozzi grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Utley flied out to left. Brown homered to right (411 feet). Ruf struck out swinging. Asche flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Garcia pitching for Phillies. Span grounded out to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Harper walked. Werth flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Soriano pitching for Nationals. Ruiz lined out to center. Martinez grounded out to second. Wells hit for Garcia. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Nationals 8.	Werth's HR keys Nats' winning rally vs. Phils