Phillies - Top 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Rollins singled to right. Frandsen struck out looking. Utley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rollins out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Span singled to left. Zimmerman grounded out to third, Span to second. Harper struck out looking. Werth singled to center, Span scored. Desmond popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Brown walked. Ruf struck out swinging. Asche struck out swinging. Brown caught stealing second, catcher to second. Kratz batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. LaRoche grounded out to pitcher. Ramos singled to right. Lombardozzi singled to shallow left, Ramos to second. Strasburg sacrificed to pitcher, Ramos to third, Lombardozzi to second. Span grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Kratz lined out to third. Martinez struck out swinging. Kendrick struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Harper grounded out to first. Werth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Rollins struck out swinging. Frandsen singled to right. Utley fouled out to third. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Desmond singled to right. Desmond stole second. LaRoche walked. Ramos singled to left, Desmond scored, LaRoche to second. Lombardozzi grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ramos out at second, LaRoche to third. Strasburg struck out swinging. Span reached on infield single to second, LaRoche scored, Lombardozzi to second. Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop, Lombardozzi to third, Span to second. Harper flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Ruf struck out swinging. Asche flied out to right. Kratz fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Werth singled to left. Desmond singled to left, Werth to second. LaRoche walked, Werth to third, Desmond to second. Ramos grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Werth and Desmond scored on throwing error by second baseman Utley, LaRoche safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Utley. Lombardozzi singled to right, LaRoche scored, Ramos thrown out at third, Lombardozzi to second advancing on throw. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Ruiz catching. Strasburg struck out swinging. Span grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 6th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Martinez struck out swinging. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Rollins lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman walked. Harper grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Zimmerman out at second. Werth singled to left. Desmond popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Bernadina in right field. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Frandsen singled to center. Utley grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Frandsen out at second. Brown singled to right. Ruf struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Diekman pitching for Phillies. LaRoche struck out swinging. Ramos struck out swinging. Lombardozzi singled to left. Strasburg struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Asche flied out to left. Wells hit for Diekman. Wells grounded out to third. Martinez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Papelbon pitching for Phillies. Span lined out to center. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Harper grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Ruiz lined out to center. Rollins popped out to third. Frandsen lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 0 - Nationals 6.	Strasburg whiffs 10 for first complete game