Phillies - Top 1st. Teheran pitching for Braves. Hernandez flied out to left. Rollins flied out to right. Utley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Miner pitching for Phillies. Heyward walked. Upton singled to left, Heyward to third, Upton out stretching at second. Galvis at third base. Freeman singled to right, Heyward scored. Gattis homered to left (390 feet), Freeman scored. Laird walked. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to third, Laird out at second. Simmons stole second. Johnson walked. Uggla struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Teheran pitching for Braves. Brown popped out to shortstop. Frandsen grounded out to third. Galvis singled to shallow left. Kratz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Miner pitching for Phillies. Teheran singled to right. Heyward popped out to second. Upton grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Teheran out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Teheran pitching for Braves. Bernadina struck out swinging. Miner singled to center. Hernandez lined into double play, to first, Miner doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Miner pitching for Phillies. Freeman singled to right. Gattis flied out to left. Laird singled to center, Freeman to second. Simmons doubled to deep center, Freeman scored, Laird to third. Ramirez pitching for Phillies. Johnson hit sacrifice fly to center, Laird scored, Simmons to third, Johnson to first on error by center fielder Hernandez. Johnson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Uggla walked. Teheran struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 4th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Rollins flied out to center. Utley singled to right. Brown singled to center, Utley to second. Frandsen singled to center, Utley scored, Brown to second. Galvis flied out to center. Kratz homered to left (346 feet), Brown and Frandsen scored. Bernadina grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Ramirez pitching for Phillies. Heyward grounded out to shortstop. Upton struck out swinging. Freeman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Ramirez flied out to center. Hernandez struck out swinging. Rollins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Ramirez pitching for Phillies. Gattis singled to left. Laird reached on bunt single to third, Gattis to second. Simmons singled to right center, Gattis to third, Laird to second. Johnson grounded into double play, first to catcher to first, Gattis out at home, Laird to third, Simmons to second. Uggla intentionally walked. Constanza hit for Teheran. Constanza singled to center, Laird and Simmons scored, Uggla to second, Uggla to third, Constanza to second on error by center fielder Hernandez. Jimenez pitching for Phillies. Heyward walked. Upton struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 6th. Avilan pitching for Braves. Utley reached on infield single to first. Brown grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Utley out at second. Frandsen popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Jimenez pitching for Phillies. Freeman flied out to center. Gattis singled to left. Laird singled to center, Gattis to second. Simmons walked, Gattis to third, Laird to second. Gattis scored, Laird to third, Simmons to second on wild pitch by Jimenez. Johnson tripled to left, Laird and Simmons scored. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Martinez in left field. Uggla walked. Johnson hit for Avilan. Johnson walked, Uggla to second. Heyward grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Johnson out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Ayala pitching for Braves. Galvis popped out to second. Kratz walked. Bernadina singled to center, Kratz to second. Martinez flied out to right, Kratz to third. Hernandez singled to center, Kratz scored, Bernadina to third. Wood pitching for Braves. Rollins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Savery pitching for Phillies. Upton lined out to third. Freeman popped out to shortstop. Gattis popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Heyward in right field. Upton in left field. Upton in center field. Carpenter pitching for Braves. Utley grounded out to second. Mayberry Jr. hit for Savery. Mayberry Jr. safe at first on error by second baseman Uggla. Frandsen struck out swinging. Galvis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 8th. Cloyd pitching for Phillies. Laird singled to left. Simmons doubled to left, Laird to third. Johnson singled to center, Laird and Simmons scored. Uggla flied out to right. Bethancourt hit for Carpenter. Bethancourt struck out swinging. Heyward grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Terdoslavich at first base. Janish at shortstop. Kimbrel pitching for Braves. Kratz flied out to left. Bernadina fouled out to third. Martinez singled to right. Martinez to second on fielder's indifference. Hernandez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Braves 12.	Gattis homers as Braves beat Phillies 12-5