Rangers - Top 1st. Minor pitching for Royals. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. Dahl doubled to deep left. Gallo homered to center (450 feet), Dahl scored. Solak struck out swinging. Lowe flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Arihara pitching for Rangers. Merrifield hit by pitch. Benintendi grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Merrifield out at second. Santana grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Minor pitching for Royals. White popped out to shortstop. Trevino flied out to center. Taveras struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Arihara pitching for Rangers. Pérez grounded out to third. Soler grounded out to shortstop. Taylor grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Minor pitching for Royals. Culberson popped out to shortstop. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to third. Dahl reached on infield single to second. Gallo walked, Dahl to second. Solak hit by pitch, Gallo to second, Dahl to third. Lowe singled to left center, Dahl scored and Gallo scored, Solak to second. White struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Arihara pitching for Rangers. Isbel flied out to left. Alberto doubled to left. Lopez grounded out to third, Alberto to third. Merrifield flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Minor pitching for Royals. Trevino flied out to right. Taveras flied out to center. Culberson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Arihara pitching for Rangers. Benintendi flied out to left. Santana struck out swinging. Pérez doubled to deep right. Soler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Minor pitching for Royals. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. Dahl grounded out to shortstop. Gallo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Arihara pitching for Rangers. Taylor homered to center (458 feet). Isbel tripled to deep center. Alberto doubled to deep right center, Isbel scored. Lopez reached on bunt single to first, Alberto to third. Merrifield grounded into fielder's choice to second, Alberto scored, Lopez out at second. Benintendi lined into double play, shortstop to first, Merrifield doubled off first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Minor pitching for Royals. Solak walked. Lowe grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Solak out at second. White lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Sborz pitching for Rangers. Santana walked. Pérez singled to right, Santana to second. Soler walked, Pérez to second, Santana to third. King pitching for Rangers. Taylor doubled to deep right, Santana scored and Pérez scored, Soler to third. Isbel singled to center, Soler scored, Taylor to third. Alberto grounded into fielder's choice to second, Isbel safe at second on fielding error by second baseman Solak. Lopez struck out looking. Merrifield singled to left, Isbel scored and Taylor scored, Alberto to second. Benintendi flied out to center, Alberto to third. Santana doubled to left, Alberto scored and Merrifield scored, Santana to third. Pérez grounded out to catcher. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Dyson in right field. Isbel in left field. Junis pitching for Royals. Trevino singled to right center. Taveras struck out swinging. Culberson lined out to left. Kiner-Falefa struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. de Geus pitching for Rangers. Soler walked. Taylor grounded into fielder's choice to third, Soler out at second. Isbel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Taylor out at second. Alberto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Brentz pitching for Royals. Dahl grounded out to second. Gallo walked. Solak singled to right, Gallo to second. Solak to second on wild pitch by Brentz, Gallo to third on wild pitch by Brentz. Lowe struck out swinging. Guzmán hit for White. Hahn pitching for Royals. Guzmán struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Guzmán in left field. Bush pitching for Rangers. Lopez popped out to shortstop. Merrifield homered to left (381 feet). Dyson walked. Santana struck out looking. Pérez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Staumont pitching for Royals. Trevino grounded out to shortstop. Taveras grounded out to third. Culberson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 4 - Royals 11.	Taylor again stars at plate, Royals beat Rangers 11-4