Twins - Top 1st. Keller pitching for Royals. Polanco flied out to center. Donaldson singled to right. Kirilloff singled to left center, Donaldson to second. Astudillo flied out to left. Larnach grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Shoemaker pitching for Twins. Merrifield reached on infield single to first. Merrifield stole second. Santana walked. Benintendi doubled to deep center, Merrifield scored, Santana to third. Perez singled to center, Santana scored and Benintendi scored. Dozier walked, Perez to second. Gutiérrez struck out swinging. Soler reached first base on catcher's interference, Soler to first on error by catcher Rortvedt, Dozier to second on error, Perez to third on error. Taylor singled to left, Dozier scored and Perez scored, Soler to second. Lopez singled to center, Soler scored, Taylor to third. Merrifield homered to left (389 feet), Taylor scored and Lopez scored. Anderson pitching for Twins. Santana walked. Benintendi flied out to center. Perez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Polanco, Santana to second. Dozier struck out swinging. 9 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Keller pitching for Royals. Sanó struck out swinging. Gordon singled to right center. Celestino struck out looking. Rortvedt lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Twins. Gutiérrez singled to shallow left. Soler singled to left, Gutiérrez to third. Taylor singled to right, Gutiérrez scored, Soler to second. Lopez walked, Taylor to second, Soler to third. Merrifield fouled out to first. Santana singled to right, Soler scored and Taylor scored, Lopez to third. Benintendi grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lopez scored, Santana out at second. Perez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Keller pitching for Royals. Polanco singled to right. Donaldson singled to right center, Polanco to third. Kirilloff grounded into fielder's choice to third, Polanco scored, Donaldson out at second. Astudillo flied out to center. Larnach singled to left, Kirilloff to second. Sanó flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Twins. Dozier fouled out to pitcher. Gutiérrez grounded out to third. Soler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Keller pitching for Royals. Gordon struck out swinging. Celestino grounded out to shortstop. Rortvedt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Twins. Taylor flied out to center. Lopez grounded out to second. Merrifield flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Keller pitching for Royals. Polanco homered to right (435 feet). Donaldson lined out to left. Kirilloff struck out swinging. Astudillo popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Minaya pitching for Twins. Santana lined out to center. Benintendi safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Astudillo. Perez grounded out to first, Benintendi to second. Dozier hit by pitch. Gutiérrez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 6th. Gallagher catching. Bolanos pitching for Royals. Larnach singled to right center. Sanó grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Larnach out at second. Gordon singled to left, Sanó to second. Celestino grounded out to shortstop, Gordon to second, Sanó to third. Rortvedt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Minaya pitching for Twins. Soler struck out swinging. Taylor struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Alberto at second base. Dyson in left field. Zuber pitching for Royals. Polanco walked. Donaldson walked, Polanco to second. Kirilloff grounded into fielder's choice to third, Donaldson out at second, Polanco to third. Astudillo grounded into double play, second to first, Kirilloff out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Minaya pitching for Twins. Alberto doubled to third. Santana flied out to center, Alberto to third. Dyson reached on infield single to second, Alberto scored. Alcala pitching for Twins. Gallagher popped out to shortstop. Dozier struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Davis pitching for Royals. Larnach walked. Sanó homered to center (428 feet), Larnach scored. Gordon homered to center (423 feet). Celestino grounded out to second. Rortvedt grounded out to first. Polanco grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Garlick in right field. Kirilloff at first base. Willians Astudillo pitching for Twins. Sanó at third base. Gutiérrez popped out to first. Soler walked. Taylor safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Sanó, Soler to second. Lopez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Taylor out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 9th. Santana pitching for Royals. Garlick flied out to center. Kirilloff flied out to left. Astudillo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 5 - Royals 14.	Royals score 9 in 1st, rout Twins 14-5 for 5th straight win