Royals - Top 1st. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Merrifield homered to right (343 feet). Soler struck out swinging. Santana hit ground rule double to deep right. Perez struck out swinging. O'Hearn singled to right, Santana to third. Rivera lined out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Keller pitching for Royals. Hernández hit by pitch. Verdugo singled to right center, Hernández to third. Martinez singled to shallow left center, Hernández scored, Martinez out stretching at second, Verdugo to third. Bogaerts reached on infield single to third, Verdugo scored, Bogaerts safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Rivera. Devers singled to shallow left, Bogaerts to third. Renfroe grounded into double play, second to first, Devers out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 2nd. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Dozier doubled to deep center. Taylor singled to center, Dozier scored. Taylor to second on pickoff error by pitcher Pivetta. Lopez struck out swinging. Merrifield walked. Soler flied out to left. Santana lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Alberto at third base. Keller pitching for Royals. Vázquez singled to right center. Santana flied out to center. Dalbec grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vázquez out at second. Hernández singled to center, Dalbec thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Perez struck out swinging. O'Hearn popped out to shortstop. Alberto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Keller pitching for Royals. Verdugo grounded out to second. Martinez walked. Bogaerts walked, Martinez to second. Devers walked, Bogaerts to second, Martinez to third. Renfroe hit sacrifice fly to center, Martinez scored. Vázquez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Dozier doubled to deep center. Taylor homered to right (381 feet), Dozier scored. Lopez singled to shallow right center. Merrifield flied out to center. Soler grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lopez out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Keller pitching for Royals. Santana reached on infield single to shortstop. Dalbec singled to right, Santana to third. Hernández singled to left center, Santana scored, Dalbec to second. Verdugo walked, Hernández to second, Dalbec to third. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center, Dalbec scored, Hernández to third. Bogaerts grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Verdugo out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Pivetta pitching for Red Sox. Santana walked. Perez fouled out to catcher. O'Hearn homered to center (419 feet), Santana scored. Ríos pitching for Red Sox. Alberto fouled out to third. Dozier struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Keller pitching for Royals. Devers walked. Renfroe grounded out to pitcher, Devers to second. Vázquez grounded out to third. Santana lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Rios pitching for Red Sox. Taylor walked. Lopez grounded out to second, Taylor to second. Merrifield flied out to center, Taylor to third. Soler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Keller pitching for Royals. Dalbec singled to left. Chavis ran for Dalbec. Brentz pitching for Royals. Hernández struck out swinging. Verdugo walked, Chavis to second. Martinez doubled to right, Verdugo scored and Chavis scored. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Devers struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Chavis at first base. Hernandez pitching for Red Sox. Santana struck out swinging. Perez reached on infield single to third. O'Hearn singled to left center, O'Hearn to second, Perez thrown out at third. Alberto popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Holland pitching for Royals. Renfroe singled to deep left. Vázquez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Renfroe out at second. Santana popped out to third. Vázquez stole second. Chavis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Ottavino pitching for Red Sox. Dozier flied out to center. Taylor reached on infield single to third. Lopez struck out swinging. Taylor stole second. Merrifield reached on infield single to second, Taylor to third. Merrifield stole second. Soler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Holland pitching for Royals. Hernández struck out swinging. Verdugo lined out to first. Martinez walked. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Santana struck out looking. Perez struck out swinging. O'Hearn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 6 - Red Sox 7.	Martinez leads Red Sox past slumping Royals 7-6