Reds - Top 1st. Bubic pitching for Royals. India walked. Stephenson singled to right, India to second. Castellanos grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Stephenson out at second, India to third. Votto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castellanos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Castillo pitching for Reds. Merrifield grounded out to third. Benintendi lined out to pitcher. Perez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Bubic pitching for Royals. Suárez grounded out to shortstop. Aquino struck out looking. Naquin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Castillo pitching for Reds. Santana singled to right center. O'Hearn flied out to left. Dozier grounded into fielder's choice to second, Santana safe at second on throwing error by second baseman India. Taylor grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dozier out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Top 3rd. Bubic pitching for Royals. Farmer singled to left. Akiyama grounded into fielder's choice to third, Farmer out at second. India doubled to deep right center, Akiyama scored. Stephenson singled to right, India to third. Castellanos struck out swinging. Votto tripled to deep left, India scored and Stephenson scored. Suárez flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Castillo pitching for Reds. Alberto grounded out to first. Lopez grounded out to second. Merrifield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Bubic pitching for Royals. Aquino struck out swinging. Naquin singled to center. Farmer homered to left center (406 feet), Naquin scored. Akiyama walked. India grounded into double play, third to second to first, Akiyama out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Castillo pitching for Reds. Benintendi struck out swinging. Perez struck out swinging. Santana walked. O'Hearn singled to left, Santana to second. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Bubic pitching for Royals. Stephenson singled to right center. Castellanos lined out to shortstop. Votto walked, Stephenson to second. Hernández pitching for Royals. Suárez flied out to right, Stephenson to third. Aquino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Castillo pitching for Reds. Taylor homered to left (397 feet). Alberto grounded out to second. Lopez grounded out to second. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Naquin struck out swinging. Farmer doubled to deep left. Akiyama struck out looking. Freeman hit for India. Freeman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Freeman at second base. Castillo pitching for Reds. Benintendi grounded out to second. Perez lined out to second. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Stephenson flied out to right. Castellanos doubled to deep center. Castellanos to third on wild pitch by Hernández. Votto struck out swinging. Suárez singled to left, Castellanos scored. Aquino struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Castillo pitching for Reds. O'Hearn flied out to left. Dozier lined out to right. Taylor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Naquin struck out swinging. Farmer struck out swinging. Akiyama grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Pérez pitching for Reds. Alberto struck out, Alberto to first on passed ball by Stephenson. Lopez fouled out to third. Merrifield struck out looking. Benintendi homered to right (396 feet), Alberto scored. Perez singled to right. Brach pitching for Reds. Santana struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Staumont pitching for Royals. Freeman walked. Stephenson struck out swinging. Castellanos struck out swinging. Lovelady pitching for Royals. Freeman to second on wild pitch by Lovelady. Votto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Brach pitching for Reds. O'Hearn walked. Dozier hit by pitch, O'Hearn to second. Taylor grounded into fielder's choice to third, O'Hearn scored on fielding error by third baseman Suárez, Taylor second, Dozier safe at third on error. Soler hit for Alberto. Hembree pitching for Reds. Soler struck out swinging. Lopez singled to left, Dozier scored on error and Taylor scored on error, Lopez to second, Lopez safe at third on throwing error by left fielder Aquino. Merrifield walked. Lopez in center field. Garrett pitching for Reds. Merrifield to second on fielder's indifference. Benintendi struck out swinging. Freeman in center field. Lopez at second base. Perez singled to deep left, Lopez scored, Merrifield to third. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Final score: Reds 6 - Royals 7.	Pérez's RBI single caps 4-run 9th as Royals beat Reds 7-6