Orioles - Top 1st. Singer pitching for Royals. Mullins grounded out to second. Mancini grounded out to shortstop. Mountcastle struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Merrifield struck out swinging. Santana grounded out to first. Perez singled to left center. Benintendi flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Singer pitching for Royals. Stewart reached on infield single to pitcher. Santander walked, Stewart to second. Urías singled to right center, Stewart scored, Santander to third. Leyba grounded out to second, Santander scored, Urías to second. Severino flied out to right. Valaika grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Dozier flied out to left. Soler struck out swinging. O'Hearn grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Singer pitching for Royals. Mullins doubled to right center. Mancini reached on infield single to shortstop, Mullins to third. Mountcastle singled to center, Mullins scored, Mancini to second. Stewart singled to right center, Mancini scored, Mountcastle to third. Santander reached on infield single to shortstop, Mountcastle scored, Stewart to third. Urías singled to left center, Stewart scored, Santander to second. Lovelady pitching for Royals. Leyba struck out swinging. Severino reached on infield single to third, Santander scored, Urías to second. Valaika lined out to center, Urías to third. Mullins grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Taylor grounded out to third. Lopez reached on infield single to second. Merrifield struck out swinging. Santana doubled to deep left, Lopez scored. Perez fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Bubic pitching for Royals. Mancini tripled to deep right. Mountcastle hit sacrifice fly to right, Mancini scored. Stewart struck out swinging. Santander struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Benintendi grounded out to second. Dozier singled to center. Soler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dozier out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Bubic pitching for Royals. Urías lined out to center. Leyba lined out to shortstop. Severino walked. Valaika popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. O'Hearn singled to center. Taylor singled to right, O'Hearn to second. Lopez walked, Taylor to second, O'Hearn to third. O'Hearn scored on López wild pitch, Lopez to second on wild pitch by López, Taylor to third on wild pitch by López. Merrifield hit sacrifice fly to right, Taylor scored, Lopez to third. Santana struck out looking. Perez singled to left, Lopez scored. Fry pitching for Orioles. Benintendi popped out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Bubic pitching for Royals. Mullins grounded out to second. Mancini popped out to second. Mountcastle struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Fry pitching for Orioles. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Soler grounded out to shortstop. O'Hearn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Bubic pitching for Royals. Stewart flied out to left. Santander popped out to first. Urías walked. Leyba flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Tate pitching for Orioles. Taylor hit by pitch. Lopez grounded out to pitcher, Taylor to second. Merrifield grounded out to second, Taylor to third. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Bubic pitching for Royals. Severino flied out to shortstop. Valaika struck out swinging. Mullins doubled to shallow right. Mancini grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Scott pitching for Orioles. Perez walked. Benintendi singled to center, Perez to second. Dozier struck out swinging. Soler lined out to left. O'Hearn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Bubic pitching for Royals. Mountcastle popped out to shortstop. Hays hit for Stewart. Hays struck out swinging. Santander walked. McKenna ran for Santander. Urías grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McKenna out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Hays in right field. McKenna in left field. Wells pitching for Orioles. Taylor flied out to center. Lopez singled to center. Merrifield flied out to right. Santana flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 8 - Royals 4.	Orioles beat Royals 8-4 to stop 5-game skid