Athletics - Top 1st. Kowar pitching for Royals. Harrison walked. Marte doubled to deep left, Harrison to third. Olson hit sacrifice fly to right, Harrison scored, Marte to third. Lowrie hit sacrifice fly to left, Marte scored. Canha struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Montas pitching for Athletics. Merrifield lined out to third. Lopez singled to right. Perez struck out swinging. Benintendi walked, Lopez to second. Santana popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Kowar pitching for Royals. Brown walked. Murphy walked, Brown to second. Murphy to second on wild pitch by Kowar, Brown to third on wild pitch by Kowar. Kemp walked. Andrus singled to center, Brown scored, Kemp to second, Murphy to third. Harrison singled to right center, Kemp scored and Murphy scored, Harrison to second, Andrus to third. Santana pitching for Royals. Marte struck out swinging. Olson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harrison to third, Andrus out at home. Lowrie popped out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Montas pitching for Athletics. Mondesi struck out swinging. O'Hearn lined out to center. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Santana pitching for Royals. Canha doubled to right center. Canha to third on wild pitch by Santana. Brown struck out swinging. Canha scored on Santana wild pitch. Murphy singled to left. Kemp singled to center, Murphy to second. Andrus lined out to shortstop. Harrison grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Montas pitching for Athletics. Isbel doubled to deep right. Merrifield singled to right, Isbel scored. Lopez grounded out to pitcher, Merrifield to second. Perez singled to center, Merrifield scored. Benintendi doubled to right, Perez to third. Santana walked. Mondesi grounded into fielder's choice to second, Perez scored, Santana out at second, Benintendi to third. Mondesi stole second. O'Hearn struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Santana pitching for Royals. Marte hit by pitch. Payamps pitching for Royals. Olson flied out to right. Lowrie flied out to center. Canha grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Montas pitching for Athletics. Dozier homered to center (426 feet). Isbel flied out to left. Merrifield singled to right center. Lopez singled to center, Merrifield to second. Guerra pitching for Athletics. Perez flied out to center. Benintendi struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Payamps pitching for Royals. Brown doubled to deep right center. Murphy struck out swinging. Kemp flied out to center. Andrus doubled to center, Brown scored. Harrison lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Guerra pitching for Athletics. Santana struck out swinging. Mondesi reached on bunt single to catcher. O'Hearn grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Mondesi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Brentz pitching for Royals. Marte struck out swinging. Olson grounded out to pitcher. Gomes hit for Lowrie. Gomes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Gomes as designated hitter. Petit pitching for Athletics. Dozier struck out swinging. Isbel singled to right. Merrifield singled to right, Isbel to third. Lopez singled to right, Isbel scored, Merrifield to third. Lopez stole second. Perez homered to left (420 feet), Merrifield scored and Lopez scored. Diekman pitching for Athletics. Benintendi lined out to right. Santana walked. Mondesi struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Tapia pitching for Royals. Canha grounded out to second. Brown lined out to left. Murphy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Romo pitching for Athletics. O'Hearn walked. Olivares ran for O'Hearn. Dozier grounded out to catcher, Olivares to second. Isbel homered to right (373 feet), Olivares scored. Merrifield struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Olivares as designated hitter. Staumont pitching for Royals. Kemp grounded out to first. Andrus flied out to right. Harrison flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Acevedo pitching for Athletics. Perez flied out to left. Benintendi grounded out to shortstop. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Barlow pitching for Royals. Marte walked. Olson walked, Marte to second. Gomes grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Olson out at second, Marte to third. Canha flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 7 - Royals 10.	Perez hits 43rd homer as Royals rally past Athletics, 10-7