Mariners - Top 1st. Bubic pitching for Royals. Crawford flied out to center. Haniger struck out swinging. France walked. Seager flied out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Merrifield singled to shallow left. Merrifield to second on wild pitch by Kikuchi. Lopez flied out to center. Merrifield to third on wild pitch by Kikuchi. Perez struck out swinging. Merrifield scored on Kikuchi wild pitch. Benintendi singled to right center. Santana singled to right, Benintendi to third. Mondesi reached on infield single to shortstop, Benintendi scored, Santana to second. Taylor flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Bubic pitching for Royals. Toro grounded out to shortstop. Torrens struck out swinging. Kelenic walked. Murphy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Dozier reached on infield single to third. Alberto singled to right center, Dozier to third. Merrifield struck out swinging. Alberto stole second. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Alberto to third, Dozier out at home. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Bubic pitching for Royals. Moore singled to center. Crawford flied out to left. Moore caught stealing second, catcher to second. Haniger grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Benintendi flied out to center. Santana grounded out to second. Mondesi doubled to deep left center. Mondesi stole third. Taylor doubled to deep center, Mondesi scored. Dozier flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Bubic pitching for Royals. France grounded out to shortstop. Seager fouled out to catcher. Toro grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Alberto flied out to center. Merrifield singled to right center. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop, Merrifield to second. Lopez to second on wild pitch by Ramirez, Merrifield to third on wild pitch by Ramirez. Perez struck out swinging. Benintendi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Bubic pitching for Royals. Torrens flied out to center. Kelenic walked. Murphy grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kelenic out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Doolittle pitching for Mariners. Santana grounded out to third. Mondesi flied out to left. Taylor homered to center (433 feet). Dozier walked. Alberto flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Bubic pitching for Royals. Moore grounded out to third. Crawford walked. Haniger grounded into double play, third to second to first, Crawford out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Swanson pitching for Mariners. Merrifield fouled out to right. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Bubic pitching for Royals. France doubled to deep center. Seager grounded out to shortstop, France to third. Tapia pitching for Royals. Toro grounded out to second, France scored. Torrens grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Andriese pitching for Mariners. Benintendi singled to right center. Santana flied out to right. Mondesi grounded out to pitcher, Benintendi to second. Taylor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Staumont pitching for Royals. Kelenic flied out to left. Fraley hit for Murphy. Fraley flied out to center. Bauers hit for Moore. Bauers lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Fraley in left field. Raleigh catching. Andriese pitching for Mariners. Dozier singled to center. Isbel hit for Alberto. Isbel walked, Dozier to second. Merrifield grounded into fielder's choice to third, Isbel safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Seager, Dozier to third. Lopez reached on infield single to second, Dozier scored, Merrifield to second, Isbel to third. Perez singled to center, Isbel scored, Lopez to second, Merrifield to third. Benintendi hit sacrifice fly to center, Merrifield scored, Perez to second, Lopez to third. Santana grounded out to second, Lopez scored, Perez to third. Mondesi grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. Isbel as designated hitter. Speier pitching for Royals. Crawford grounded out to second. Haniger grounded out to shortstop. France singled to right. Seager flied out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 1 - Royals 8.	Bubic and Royals dent Mariners, Kikuchi with 8-1 victory