Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Lively pitching for Phillies . Peralta singled to right . Dyson homered to right ( 388 feet ) , Peralta scored . Goldschmidt singled to center . Pollock fouled out to first . Descalso walked , Goldschmidt to second . Owings doubled to deep left center , Goldschmidt scored , Descalso to third . Avila grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Descalso out at home , Owings to third . Ahmed intentionally walked . Koch struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández struck out swinging . Santana fouled out to shortstop . Herrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Lively pitching for Phillies . Peralta grounded out to first . Dyson flied out to left . Goldschmidt doubled to right . Pollock flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . Hoskins doubled to deep left center . Altherr lined out to right . Knapp struck out swinging . Franco lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Lively pitching for Phillies . Descalso doubled to deep center . Owings fouled out to right , Descalso to third . Avila walked . Ahmed homered to left ( 385 feet ) , Descalso and Avila scored . Koch walked . Hutchison pitching for Phillies . Peralta homered to left ( 337 feet ) , Koch scored . Dyson struck out swinging . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . Hutchison walked . Crawford grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Hutchison out at second . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Hutchison pitching for Phillies . Pollock struck out looking . Descalso flied out to left . Owings lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . Santana doubled to deep center . Herrera lined out to right . Hoskins grounded out to third . Altherr doubled to center , Santana scored . Knapp grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Hutchison pitching for Phillies . Avila struck out looking . Ahmed lined out to first . Koch singled to center . Peralta walked , Koch to second . Dyson singled to left , Koch to third , Peralta thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . Franco singled to left . Hutchison singled to right , Franco to second . Crawford grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hutchison out at second , Franco to third . Hernández grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Hutchison pitching for Phillies . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Pollock fouled out to right . Descalso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . Santana struck out looking . Herrera singled to right . Hoskins walked , Herrera to second . Herrera to third on wild pitch by Koch . Altherr grounded out to second , Herrera scored , Hoskins to second . Hoskins to third on wild pitch by Koch . Knapp grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Alfaro catching . Rios pitching for Phillies . Owings lined out to right . Avila struck out looking . Ahmed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Franco flied out to center . Alfaro struck out looking . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Murphy hit for De La Rosa . Rios pitching for Phillies . Murphy flied out to left . Peralta walked . Dyson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández singled to center . Santana struck out looking . Herrera singled to right , Hernández to second . Hoskins singled to left , Hernández to third , Herrera to second . Altherr grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hoskins out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Ramos pitching for Phillies . Goldschmidt doubled to deep center . Walker ran for Goldschmidt . Pollock struck out swinging . Descalso grounded out to second , Walker to third . Owings walked . Avila struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Dyson in center field . Walker at first base . Marrero at third base . Descalso at second base . Owings in right field . Kingery hit for Ramos . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Kingery flied out to center . Franco grounded out to third . Alfaro lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Phillies 2 .	Diamondbacks power past Phillies 8 - 2