Phillies - Top 1st . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Hernández popped out to shortstop . Hoskins flied out to right . Herrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Pham walked . Carpenter singled to left , Pham to second . Martínez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carpenter out at second , Pham to third . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Santana struck out swinging . Alfaro doubled to deep right . Williams lined out to second . Kingery reached on infield single to shortstop , Alfaro to third . Florimón fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Gyorko struck out swinging , Gyorko safe at first on passed ball by Alfaro . Fowler grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gyorko out at second . Wong grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Arrieta singled to left . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Arrieta out at second . Hoskins struck out swinging . Herrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Peña singled to center . Wacha sacrificed to first , Peña to second . Pham doubled to right center , Peña scored . Carpenter grounded out to first , Pham to third . Martínez singled to right , Pham scored . Ozuna safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Kingery , Martínez to third . Gyorko singled to left , Martínez and Ozuna scored . Gyorko to second on wild pitch by Arrieta . Fowler walked . Wong flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 4th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Santana flied out to right . Alfaro walked . Williams grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Alfaro out at second . Kingery grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Valentín at third base . Hutchison pitching for Phillies . Peña doubled to deep left . Wacha sacrificed to catcher , Peña to third , Wacha safe at first on error by second baseman Hernández . Peña to third on error by second baseman Hernández . Peña scored , Wacha to second on wild pitch by Hutchison . Pham walked . Carpenter lined into double play , to first , Pham doubled off first . Martínez reached on infield single to second , Wacha to third . Ozuna walked , Martínez to second . Gyorko grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martínez out at third , Ozuna to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 5th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Florimón struck out looking . Valentín struck out swinging . Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop . Hoskins walked , Hernández to second . Hernández to third , Hoskins to second on wild pitch by Wacha . Herrera singled to center , Hernández and Hoskins scored . Santana grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Knapp catching . Hutchison pitching for Phillies . Fowler flied out to left . Wong grounded out to second . Peña homered to left ( 417 feet ) . Wacha flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Knapp struck out swinging . Williams grounded out to second . Hutchison struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hutchison pitching for Phillies . Pham singled to left . Pham to third on wild pitch by Hutchison . Carpenter singled to right , Pham scored . Martínez homered to center ( 418 feet ) , Carpenter scored . Ozuna walked . Gyorko grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ozuna out at second . Fowler popped out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . Garcia at shortstop . O'Neill in left field . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Florimón grounded out to second . Valentín grounded out to second . Hernández homered to right ( 383 feet ) . Hoskins flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Rios pitching for Phillies . Wong homered to right ( 394 feet ) . Peña struck out swinging . O'Neill singled to left . Pham reached on infield single to pitcher , O'Neill to second . Carpenter struck out swinging . Martínez doubled to right , O'Neill and Pham scored . Garcia struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Bader in center field . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Herrera lined out to center . Santana flied out to center . Knapp grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Franco at third base . Valentín at shortstop . Florimón pitching for Phillies . Baron hit for Brebbia . Baron fouled out to first . Fowler grounded out to shortstop . Wong grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Baron catching . Peña at first base . Mayers pitching for Cardinals . Williams grounded out to second . Franco flied out to center . Florimón homered to right center ( 417 feet ) . Valentín struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 4 - Cardinals 12 .	Martinez drives in five as Cardinals rout Phillies 12 - 4