Mariners - Top 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Rangers. Jackson flied out to center. Ruggiano struck out looking. Canó grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Martín popped out to second. Odor struck out swinging. Fielder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Rangers. Cruz homered to left (447 feet). Weeks walked. Morrison singled to right, Weeks to second. Bloomquist singled to left center, Weeks to third, Morrison to second. Zunino grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Weeks scored, Bloomquist out at second, Morrison to third. Miller grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Beltré walked. Peguero doubled to deep center, Beltré scored. Andrus grounded out to shortstop, Peguero to third. Blanks struck out swinging. Corporán singled to left, Peguero scored. Smolinski grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Rangers. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Ruggiano lined out to shortstop. Canó safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus. Cruz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Martín grounded out to shortstop. Odor grounded out to first. Fielder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Rangers. Weeks walked. Morrison grounded out to second, Weeks to second. Weeks to third on wild pitch by Rodríguez. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Weeks out at home. Bloomquist stole second. Zunino walked. Miller safe at first on error by pitcher Rodríguez, Bloomquist to third, Zunino to second. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Beltré singled to right. Peguero grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Beltré out at second. Andrus singled to center. Blanks struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Rangers. Ruggiano doubled to deep left center. Canó struck out swinging. Cruz intentionally walked. Weeks walked, Ruggiano to third, Cruz to second. Morrison doubled to right, Ruggiano and Cruz scored, Weeks to third. Pimentel pitching for Rangers. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Weeks out at home, Morrison to third. Zunino flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Corporán grounded out to second. Smolinski grounded out to shortstop. Martín hit ground rule double to right. Odor grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Pimentel pitching for Rangers. Miller singled to right. Jackson sacrificed to pitcher, Miller to second. Miller caught stealing third, catcher to third. Ruggiano struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Fielder struck out swinging. Beltré grounded out to third. Peguero flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Pimentel pitching for Rangers. Canó grounded out to second. Cruz struck out looking. Weeks grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Andrus grounded out to third. Blanks popped out to second. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Corporán struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Pimentel pitching for Rangers. Morrison singled to right. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop, Morrison to second. Zunino walked. Claudio pitching for Rangers. Miller grounded into fielder's choice to second, Zunino out at second, Morrison to third. Kela pitching for Rangers. Jackson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Smolinski grounded out to pitcher. Martín bunt grounded out to pitcher. Odor flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Kela pitching for Rangers. Ruggiano grounded out to third. Canó safe at first on error by second baseman Odor. Cruz singled to right center, Canó to third. Ackley flied out to center. Canó scored, Cruz to second on wild pitch by Kela. Morrison reached on infield single to third, Cruz to third on throwing error by third baseman Beltré. Seager flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Rodney pitching for Mariners. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. Peguero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Rangers 2.	Morrison's tiebreaking double helps Mariners beat Rangers