Mariners - Top 1st. McHugh pitching for Astros. Smith struck out swinging. Jackson singled to right. Canó doubled to deep right, Jackson to third. Cruz singled to right, Jackson scored, Canó to third. Seager hit sacrifice fly to center, Canó scored. Trumbo singled to center, Cruz to second. Morrison homered to right center (414 feet), Cruz and Trumbo scored. Miller flied out to center. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Montgomery pitching for Mariners. Springer singled to left. Correa struck out swinging. Gattis lined into double play, shortstop to first, Springer doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. McHugh pitching for Astros. Zunino flied out to right. Smith doubled to center. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Canó walked. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Canó out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Montgomery pitching for Mariners. Carter grounded out to first. Rasmus doubled to left center. Marisnick struck out swinging. Rasmus to third on wild pitch by Montgomery. Valbuena walked. González flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. McHugh pitching for Astros. Seager fouled out to left. Trumbo singled to right. Morrison homered to right center (405 feet), Trumbo scored. Miller grounded out to second. Zunino walked. Smith hit by pitch, Zunino to second. Jackson singled to center, Zunino scored, Smith to second. Canó popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Montgomery pitching for Mariners. Castro singled to right. Springer popped out to second. Correa grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Hernández pitching for Astros. Cruz singled to right. Seager singled to left, Cruz to second. Trumbo struck out looking. Morrison grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Montgomery pitching for Mariners. Gattis grounded out to third. Carter singled to right. Carter to second on wild pitch by Montgomery. Rasmus walked. Marisnick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rasmus out at second, Carter to third. Valbuena grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Astros. Miller grounded out to third. Zunino popped out to catcher. Smith singled to left. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Montgomery pitching for Mariners. González grounded out to third. Castro doubled to deep center. Castro to third on wild pitch by Montgomery. Springer hit ground rule double to deep right center, Castro scored. Correa walked. Gattis struck out swinging. Carter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Correa out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Astros. Canó grounded out to first. Cruz struck out swinging. Seager grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Montgomery pitching for Mariners. Rasmus lined out to right. Marisnick safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Seager. Valbuena struck out swinging. González grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Marisnick out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Astros. Trumbo struck out swinging. Morrison flied out to center. Miller doubled to deep right. Zunino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Castro walked. Springer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castro out at second. Correa struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Qualls pitching for Astros. Smith grounded out to shortstop. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Canó grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Gattis grounded out to shortstop. Carter walked. Rasmus struck out looking. Marisnick flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Gregerson pitching for Astros. Cruz grounded out to third. Seager grounded out to first. Trumbo safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Correa. Morrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 9th. Smith in right field. Ackley in left field. Nuño pitching for Mariners. Valbuena grounded out to catcher. González grounded out to pitcher. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 8 - Astros 1.	Morrison's 2 HRs, 5 RBIs lead Mariners over Astros 8-1