Mariners - Top 1st. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Morrison popped out to shortstop. Jackson singled to center. Canó singled to right, Jackson to third. Cruz fouled out to first. Seager grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Happ pitching for Mariners. Burns singled to left. Vogt singled to left center, Burns to second. Zobrist grounded into fielder's choice to second, Vogt out at second, Burns to third. Butler grounded into double play, third to second to first, Zobrist out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Smith struck out looking. Trumbo safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Semien. Miller grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Trumbo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Happ pitching for Mariners. Phegley grounded out to shortstop. Lawrie reached on infield single to second. Reddick reached on infield single to shortstop, Lawrie to second. Canha singled to deep right, Lawrie scored, Reddick to third, Canha to second advancing on throw. Semien grounded out to shortstop, Reddick scored, Canha to third. Burns doubled to right, Canha scored. Vogt grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Zunino singled to left. Morrison homered to right center (419 feet), Zunino scored. Jackson grounded out to second. Canó doubled to deep left center. Cruz singled to left, Canó to third. Seager grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Cruz out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Happ pitching for Mariners. Zobrist struck out looking. Butler lined out to left. Phegley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Smith flied out to left. Trumbo struck out swinging. Miller lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Happ pitching for Mariners. Lawrie singled to right. Reddick grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lawrie out at second. Canha struck out swinging. Semien singled to left, Reddick to second. Burns grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Zunino struck out looking. Morrison grounded out to second. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Happ pitching for Mariners. Vogt popped out to third. Zobrist popped out to third. Butler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Canó popped out to third. Cruz grounded out to first. Seager singled to right center. Smith homered to right (373 feet), Seager scored. Trumbo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Smith in right field. Ackley in left field. Happ pitching for Mariners. Phegley fouled out to first. Lawrie struck out swinging. Reddick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Miller doubled to deep center. Zunino grounded out to catcher, Miller to third. O'Flaherty pitching for Athletics. Morrison flied out to left. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Canha struck out swinging. Semien flied out to center. Burns struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. O'Flaherty pitching for Athletics. Canó singled to right. Scribner pitching for Athletics. Canó stole second. Cruz homered to right (396 feet), Canó scored. Seager doubled to left. Smith grounded out to third, Seager to third. Ackley safe at first on error by first baseman Vogt, Seager scored. Miller homered to right (396 feet), Ackley scored. Zunino popped out to second. Morrison struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Vogt fouled out to second. Zobrist grounded out to third. Butler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Scribner pitching for Athletics. Jackson flied out to right. Canó struck out swinging. Cruz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Taylor at second base. Smith pitching for Mariners. Sogard hit for Phegley. Sogard singled to center. Davis hit for Lawrie. Davis struck out looking. Reddick singled to center, Sogard to second. Canha doubled to left, Sogard and Reddick scored. Semien grounded out to shortstop. Burns grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 9 - Athletics 5.	Mariners  hit 4 HRs in 9-5 win over A's