Angels - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Giavotella fouled out to first. Calhoun doubled to deep left. Trout struck out swinging. Pujols fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Richards pitching for Angels. Morrison homered to right center (440 feet). Canó doubled to deep right. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Seager singled to right, Canó thrown out at home. Smith lined out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Aybar grounded out to second. Joyce singled to center. Cron singled to left, Joyce thrown out at third. Pérez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Richards pitching for Angels. Ackley singled to center. Trumbo doubled to right, Ackley to third. Miller grounded out to first. Zunino singled to left, Ackley scored, Trumbo thrown out at home, Zunino to second advancing on throw. Zunino to third on passed ball by Pérez. Morrison struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Featherston grounded out to shortstop. Giavotella grounded out to third. Calhoun flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Richards pitching for Angels. Canó grounded out to third. Cruz flied out to center. Seager grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Trout singled to left. Pujols struck out swinging. Aybar grounded out to second, Trout to second. Joyce lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Richards pitching for Angels. Smith singled to left. Ackley singled to left, Smith to second. Trumbo walked, Smith to third, Ackley to second. Miller hit sacrifice fly to right, Smith scored, Ackley to third. Zunino hit sacrifice fly to center, Ackley scored. Morrison grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Cron struck out looking. Pérez lined out to shortstop. Featherston grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Richards pitching for Angels. Canó flied out to center. Cruz singled to center. Seager singled to center, Cruz to second. Cruz to third, Seager to second on wild pitch by Richards. Smith struck out swinging. Ackley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Giavotella grounded out to third. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Richards pitching for Angels. Trumbo singled to left. Gutiérrez ran for Trumbo. Miller struck out swinging. Zunino singled to right, Gutiérrez to third. Ramos pitching for Angels. Morrison grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Zunino out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Gutiérrez in right field. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Pujols lined out to center. Aybar reached on bunt single to third. Joyce walked, Aybar to second. Cron walked, Aybar to third, Joyce to second. Pérez struck out swinging. Navarro hit for Featherston. Navarro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Freese at third base. Ramos pitching for Angels. Canó flied out to right. Cruz singled to right. Seager singled to center, Cruz to second. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to second, Seager out at second, Cruz to third. Ackley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Rodney pitching for Mariners. Giavotella grounded out to second. Calhoun homered to right center (417 feet). Trout grounded out to shortstop. Pujols grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Morin pitching for Angels. Gutiérrez singled to center. Miller singled to left, Gutiérrez to second. Zunino sacrificed to third, Gutiérrez to third, Miller to second. Álvarez pitching for Angels. Morrison grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gutiérrez out at home, Miller to third. Canó singled to right, Miller scored, Morrison to third. Cruz reached on infield single to third, Morrison scored, Canó to second, Canó to third on throwing error by third baseman Freese. Seager walked, Cruz to second. Smith reached on infield single to second, Canó scored, Cruz to third, Seager to second. Ackley grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 9th. Nuño pitching for Mariners. Aybar singled to center. Joyce struck out looking. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Aybar to second on fielder's indifference. Cron singled to left, Aybar to third. Pérez walked, Cron to second. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aybar scored, Pérez out at second, Cron to third. Giavotella walked, Freese to second. Smith pitching for Mariners. Calhoun grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 2 - Mariners 7.	Hernandez gets 11th win, Mariners beat Angels 7-2