Blue Jays - Top 1st. Walker pitching for Mariners. Reyes popped out to shortstop. Donaldson homered to left (408 feet). Bautista lined out to center. Encarnación grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson homered to left (362 feet). Seager singled to right. Cruz flied out to right. Seager picked off first. Canó lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Walker pitching for Mariners. Smoak singled to right. Martin doubled to left, Smoak to third. Smoak scored, Martin to third on balk by Walker. Carrera singled to center, Martin scored. Pillar safe at first on error by second baseman Taylor, Carrera to second. Goins struck out swinging. Reyes walked, Carrera to third, Pillar to second. Donaldson hit sacrifice fly to right, Carrera scored, Pillar to third. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reyes out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Gutiérrez grounded out to third. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. Taylor struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Walker pitching for Mariners. Encarnación singled to left. Smoak flied out to center. Martin struck out swinging. Encarnación caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Miller singled to center. Zunino singled to center, Miller to second. Jackson singled to left, Miller scored, Zunino to second. Seager grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Jackson out at second, Zunino to third. Cruz singled to left center, Zunino scored. Canó reached on infield single to third, Cruz to second. Gutiérrez walked, Cruz to third, Canó to second. Trumbo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Walker pitching for Mariners. Carrera walked. Pillar singled to left center, Carrera to third. Goins grounded into triple play, first to shortstop to catcher, Carrera out at home, Pillar out at third. Reyes batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Taylor struck out swinging. Miller singled to shallow left. Zunino reached on infield single to shortstop, Miller to second. Jackson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Zunino out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Walker pitching for Mariners. Reyes struck out swinging. Donaldson struck out swinging. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Seager singled to right. Cruz popped out to second. Canó popped out to shortstop. Gutiérrez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Walker pitching for Mariners. Encarnación walked. Smoak grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Encarnación out at second. Martin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. Taylor safe at first on error by third baseman Donaldson. Miller bunted into fielder's choice to first, Taylor out at second. Schultz pitching for Blue Jays. Zunino lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Rollins pitching for Mariners. Carrera homered to left (366 feet). Pillar bunt grounded out to pitcher. Goins grounded out to pitcher. Reyes walked. Donaldson lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Schultz pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson flied out to right. Seager walked. Cruz homered to left (406 feet), Seager scored. Canó struck out swinging. Gutiérrez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Bautista flied out to center. Encarnación walked. Smoak struck out looking. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Sánchez pitching for Blue Jays. Trumbo struck out swinging. Taylor struck out looking. Miller flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Carrera struck out looking. Pillar lined out to center. Travis hit for Goins. Travis singled to right. Reyes singled to right, Travis to third. Donaldson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Travis at second base. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Zunino singled to center. Jackson flied out to left. Seager flied out to center. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zunino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 10th. Beimel pitching for Mariners. Bautista lined out to left. Encarnación struck out swinging. Colabello hit for Smoak. Colabello grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 10th. Colabello at first base. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Canó grounded out to second. Gutiérrez homered to center (424 feet). 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Mariners 6.	Gutierrez homers in 10th to lift Mariners over Blue Jays 6-5