Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Inciarte singled to center. Pollock doubled to left, Inciarte to third. Goldschmidt singled to left, Inciarte and Pollock scored, Goldschmidt to second advancing on throw. Peralta struck out swinging. Castillo homered to left (380 feet), Goldschmidt scored. Lamb struck out swinging. Tomás struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Jackson struck out swinging. Seager struck out looking. Cruz singled to center. Gutiérrez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cruz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Owings singled to left. Owings caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Pennington struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Trumbo struck out swinging. Miller flied out to right. Morrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Pollock flied out to center. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Peralta struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Sucre lined out to center. Taylor struck out swinging. Jackson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Castillo homered to left (370 feet). Lamb grounded out to second. Tomás singled to right. Owings popped out to shortstop. Pennington struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Seager walked. Cruz walked, Seager to second. Gutiérrez struck out swinging. Trumbo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cruz out at second, Seager to third. Miller singled to left, Seager scored, Trumbo to second. Morrison popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Inciarte lined out to left. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt singled to right. Peralta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Sucre doubled to left center. Taylor grounded out to second, Sucre to third. Jackson lined out to third. Seager popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Castillo safe at first on error by third baseman Seager. Lamb singled to right, Castillo to second. Tomás grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lamb out at second, Castillo to third. Owings flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz grounded out to second. Gutiérrez flied out to right. Trumbo lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Pennington flied out to left. Inciarte singled to right. Pollock singled to center, Inciarte to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Peralta tripled to deep right center, Inciarte and Pollock scored. Castillo walked. Nuño pitching for Mariners. Lamb struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Miller singled to right. Morrison flied out to right. Sucre flied out to right. Taylor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Trumbo at first base. Nuño pitching for Mariners. Tomás doubled to left. Trumbo at first base. Nuño pitching for Mariners. Tomás doubled to left. Owings flied out to right. Pennington singled to left, Tomás to third. Inciarte struck out swinging. Pollock singled to center, Tomás scored, Pennington to second. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pollock out at second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Jackson doubled to center. Seager lined out to second. Cruz struck out swinging. Gutiérrez hit ground rule double to deep right center, Jackson scored. Trumbo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Rodney pitching for Mariners. Peralta struck out swinging. Castillo hit by pitch. Lamb grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castillo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Miller struck out swinging. Ackley doubled to right. Smith flied out to right, Ackley to third. Taylor flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 8 - Mariners 2.	Castillo's 2 homers lead Arizona to 8-2 win over Seattle