Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Young singled to left. Drew walked, Young to second. Hudson struck out swinging. Jackson singled to left, Young scored, Drew to second. Reynolds struck out swinging. Upton flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal grounded out to second. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Garciaparra singled to right. Kent doubled to deep left, Garciaparra scored, Kent to third advancing on throw. Loney grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Montero doubled to deep right. Salazar homered to right, Montero scored. Ed Gonzalez struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. Drew grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin flied out to right. Ethier flied out to left. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Hudson struck out swinging. Jackson struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Billingsley struck out swinging. Furcal flied out to right. Jones fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Upton struck out swinging. Montero flied out to left. Salazar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Garciaparra singled to left. Garciaparra stole second. Garciaparra to third on wild pitch by Ed Gonzalez. Kent walked. Loney singled to right, Garciaparra scored, Kent to third. Martin popped out to second. Ethier hit sacrifice fly to right, Kent scored, Loney to second. Kemp intentionally walked. Billingsley grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Ed Gonzalez struck out looking. Young singled to right center. Drew doubled to right center, Young to third. Young scored, Drew to third on wild pitch by Billingsley. Hudson walked. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Drew scored, Hudson out at second. Reynolds struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal grounded out to second. Jones singled to deep left. Garciaparra grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Upton grounded out to second. Montero struck out looking. Salazar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Kent flied out to center. Loney reached on infield single to shortstop. Martin singled to right center, Loney to third. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier hit by pitch, Martin to second. Kemp struck out swinging. Sweeney hit for Billingsley. Sweeney flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Proctor pitching for Dodgers. Owings hit for Cruz. Owings grounded out to third. Young struck out swinging. Drew flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal walked. Jones grounded out to third, Furcal to second. Garciaparra grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Furcal to third, Garciaparra to second on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds. Kent singled to center, Furcal scored, Garciaparra to third. Loney grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kent out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Proctor pitching for Dodgers. Hudson grounded out to second. Jackson singled to left. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jackson safe at second on error by second baseman Kent. Jackson to third, Reynolds to second on wild pitch by Proctor. Upton hit sacrifice fly to left, Jackson scored. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Snyder hit for Montero. Snyder intentionally walked. Salazar struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Snyder catching. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin flied out to left. Ethier grounded out to second. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Wade pitching for Dodgers. Burke hit for Pena. Hu at second base. Burke flied out to center. Young struck out swinging. Drew hit by pitch. Drew out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Hudson batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Pierre hit for Wade. Pierre popped out to shortstop. Furcal grounded out to second. Jones fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Dodgers 4.	Salazar's homer helps hot D-backs drop Dodgers