Dodgers - Top 1st. Wells pitching for Rockies. Kemp doubled to deep center. Kemp to third on wild pitch by Wells. Ethier doubled to deep right, Kemp scored. Martin singled to center, Ethier scored. Kent singled to center, Martin to second. Loney singled to right, Martin scored, Kent to second. Jones struck out swinging. LaRoche walked, Kent to third, Loney to second. Berroa singled to center, Kent and Loney scored, LaRoche to third. Stults safe at first on error by second baseman Baker, LaRoche scored, Berroa to second. Kemp hit ground rule double to deep center, Berroa scored, Stults to third. Speier pitching for Rockies. Ethier grounded out to shortstop, Stults scored. Martin grounded out to shortstop. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Stults pitching for Dodgers. Taveras struck out swinging. Baker walked. Holliday walked, Baker to second. Atkins lined out to left. Iannetta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Speier pitching for Rockies. Kent doubled to deep left. Loney singled to right, Kent scored. Jones struck out swinging. LaRoche walked, Loney to second. Berroa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, LaRoche out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Stults pitching for Dodgers. Hawpe lined out to center. Tulowitzki singled to left. Stewart singled to center, Tulowitzki to third. Speier struck out looking. Taveras struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Speier pitching for Rockies. Stults walked. Kemp struck out swinging. Ethier flied out to left. Martin singled to left, Stults to second. Kent doubled to deep center, Stults and Martin scored. Loney grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Stults pitching for Dodgers. Baker grounded out to shortstop. Holliday homered to center. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. Iannetta flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Jones singled to center. Jones to second on wild pitch by Speier. LaRoche singled to right center, Jones scored. Berroa grounded out to shortstop, LaRoche to second. Stults grounded out to shortstop, LaRoche to third. Kemp lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Stults pitching for Dodgers. Hawpe lined out to center. Tulowitzki doubled to deep center. Stewart doubled to deep right, Tulowitzki scored. Barmes hit for Speier. Barmes struck out looking. Taveras walked. Baker reached on infield single to shortstop, Stewart to third, Taveras to second. Falkenborg pitching for Dodgers. Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop, Stewart scored, Taveras to third, Baker to second. Atkins grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Barmes at second base. Ethier singled to right. Martin singled to left, Ethier to second. Kent walked, Ethier to third, Martin to second. Loney tripled to deep right center, Ethier, Martin and Kent scored. Jones hit by pitch. LaRoche grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Loney scored, Jones out at second. Berroa lined out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Ozuna at second base. Falkenborg pitching for Dodgers. Iannetta lined out to pitcher. Hawpe singled to center. Tulowitzki singled to right center, Hawpe to third. Stewart grounded out to first, Hawpe scored, Tulowitzki to second. Barmes reached on infield single to shortstop, Tulowitzki to third. Barmes stole second. Taveras walked. Smith hit for Herges. Smith flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Falkenborg struck out looking. Kemp walked. Ethier struck out swinging. Martin popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Wade pitching for Dodgers. Holliday walked. Atkins doubled to deep left, Holliday to third, Holliday scored on error by left fielder Ethier. Iannetta grounded out to second, Atkins to third. Hawpe grounded out to second, Atkins scored. Tulowitzki singled to left. Stewart struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. Grilli pitching for Rockies. Ozuna singled to right. Loney flied out to center. Jones struck out swinging. LaRoche grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Barmes flied out to right. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik hit for Grilli. Podsednik singled to left center. Holliday doubled to deep center, Podsednik scored. Atkins struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Podsednik in left field. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Berroa doubled to deep right. Young hit for Wade. Young popped out to second. Kemp flied out to right, Berroa to third. Ethier grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Iannetta walked. Hawpe singled to center, Iannetta to third. Tulowitzki hit sacrifice fly to center, Iannetta scored. Stewart singled to right center, Hawpe to second. Kuo pitching for Dodgers. Barmes popped out to second. Taveras grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stewart out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Ozuna struck out swinging. Loney grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Kuo pitching for Dodgers. Podsednik singled to center. Torrealba hit for Buchholz. Torrealba struck out swinging. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Podsednik out at second. Iannetta hit ground rule double to deep right center, Atkins to third. Hawpe singled to right center, Atkins and Iannetta scored. Hawpe to second on fielder's indifference. Tulowitzki singled to right, Hawpe to third. Tulowitzki to second on fielder's indifference. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 16 - Rockies 10.	Loney knocks in five as Dodgers outslug Rockies