Dodgers - Top 1st. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Ethier struck out swinging. Martin singled to right. Kent lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Taveras flied out to center. Baker doubled to deep center. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Atkins grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Loney grounded out to first. Garciaparra grounded out to third. Jones struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Iannetta struck out looking. Hawpe homered to left. Tulowitzki singled to shallow center. Stewart singled to left, Tulowitzki to third. Jimenez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Stewart out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. LaRoche flied out to right. Kershaw grounded out to second. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. Baker singled to shallow right. Holliday singled to right, Baker to second. Atkins walked, Baker to third, Holliday to second. Iannetta singled to right, Baker and Holliday scored, Atkins to second, Atkins to third, Iannetta to second on error by right fielder Kemp. Hawpe struck out looking. Tulowitzki intentionally walked. Stewart singled to right, Atkins and Iannetta scored, Tulowitzki to third, Stewart to second advancing on throw. Jimenez grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 4th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Ethier struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to third. Kent grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Taveras reached on infield single to shortstop. Baker singled to center, Taveras to second. Taveras to third, Baker to second on passed ball by Martin. Holliday walked. Johnson pitching for Dodgers. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to third, Taveras out at home, Baker to third, Holliday to second. Iannetta grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Atkins out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Loney grounded out to third. Garciaparra flied out to center. Jones grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Johnson pitching for Dodgers. Hawpe struck out swinging. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Stewart homered to right center. Jimenez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. LaRoche singled to center. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, LaRoche out at second. Kemp walked. Ethier flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Johnson pitching for Dodgers. Taveras safe at first on error by second baseman Kent. Baker grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Taveras out at second. Holliday grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Martin struck out swinging. Kent grounded out to first. Loney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Johnson pitching for Dodgers. Atkins grounded out to third. Iannetta walked. Hawpe singled to right, Iannetta to third. Tulowitzki flied out to right. Stewart intentionally walked, Hawpe to second. Jimenez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Garciaparra doubled to deep left. Jones grounded out to pitcher. LaRoche walked. Young hit for Johnson. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to first, LaRoche out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Taveras singled to left. Taveras stole second. Baker singled to center, Taveras scored. Holliday doubled to deep left, Baker to third. Atkins singled to center, Baker scored, Holliday to third. Iannetta struck out looking. Hawpe singled to left, Holliday scored, Atkins to second. Tulowitzki singled to shallow right, Atkins to third, Hawpe to second. Stewart hit sacrifice fly to right, Atkins scored, Hawpe to third. Jimenez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Baker at first base. Podsednik in left field. Quintanilla at second base. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Kemp homered to center. Ethier lined out to pitcher. DeWitt hit for Martin. DeWitt grounded out to first. Kent grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 1 - Rockies 10.	Rockies' Jimenez 4-hits Dodgers in complete game