Dodgers - Top 1st. Balester pitching for Nationals. Kemp flied out to center. Ethier flied out to right. Kent grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Harris grounded out to second. Guzman grounded out to pitcher. Zimmerman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Balester pitching for Nationals. Ramirez flied out to center. Loney walked. Martin singled to left, Loney to second. Garciaparra grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Milledge homered to left center. Belliard struck out looking. Flores popped out to shortstop. Langerhans grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Balester pitching for Nationals. Blake flied out to right. Lowe safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Balester. Kemp grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lowe out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Bonifacio singled to center. Balester sacrificed to catcher, Bonifacio to second. Harris grounded out to second, Bonifacio to third. Guzman singled to left, Bonifacio scored. Zimmerman grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Balester pitching for Nationals. Ethier grounded out to first. Kent singled to right. Ramirez singled to left, Kent to second. Loney flied out to left. Martin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Milledge walked. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Milledge out at second. Flores flied out to center. Langerhans grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Balester pitching for Nationals. Garciaparra hit by pitch. Blake hit by pitch, Garciaparra to second. Lowe walked, Garciaparra to third, Blake to second. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to third, Garciaparra scored, Blake out at third, Lowe to second. Ethier flied out to center. Kent grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lowe out at third, Kemp to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Bonifacio grounded out to pitcher. Balester struck out swinging. Harris grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Balester pitching for Nationals. Ramirez doubled to deep center. Loney singled to center, Ramirez to third. Estrada pitching for Nationals. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to third, Loney to second. Garciaparra lined into double play, to third, Ramirez doubled off third. Blake intentionally walked, Loney to third, Martin to second. Lowe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Guzman singled to left. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Milledge flied out to center. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to second, Guzman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Shell pitching for Nationals. Kemp struck out swinging. Ethier struck out looking. Kent flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Flores flied out to center. Bonifacio struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Ramirez singled to right. Loney struck out swinging. Martin grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Boone hit for Rivera. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Boone grounded out to shortstop. Harris struck out looking. Guzman singled to right. Zimmerman singled to right, Guzman to second. Milledge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Garciaparra grounded out to third. Blake singled to center. Sweeney hit for Lowe. Ozuna ran for Blake. Sweeney walked, Ozuna to second. Pierre ran for Sweeney. Kemp flied out to center. Ethier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 1 - Nationals 2.	Balester, 'pen outduel Lowe as Nats nip Dodgers