Dodgers - Top 1st. Redding pitching for Nationals. Kemp popped out to shortstop. Ethier doubled to deep right center. Kent popped out to second. Ramirez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Harris flied out to left. Guzman lined out to shortstop. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Loney homered to right. Martin singled to center. Garciaparra grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martin out at second. Blake homered to left. Maddux grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Milledge reached on infield single to third. Milledge stole second. Belliard grounded out to second, Milledge to third. Flores grounded out to shortstop, Milledge scored. Dukes reached on infield single to shortstop. Bonifacio singled to left center, Dukes to second. Redding grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Kemp safe at first on error by shortstop Guzman. Kemp caught stealing second, catcher to second. Ethier doubled to deep center. Kent flied out to right, Ethier to third. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Harris singled to center. Guzman singled to right, Harris to second. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guzman out at second, Harris to third. Milledge grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Harris scored, Zimmerman to second. Belliard singled to left, Zimmerman scored, Milledge to second. Flores grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Belliard out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Loney doubled to deep left. Martin flied out to right. Garciaparra flied out to center. Blake intentionally walked. Maddux lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Dukes grounded out to pitcher. Bonifacio singled to center. Redding sacrificed to pitcher, Bonifacio to second. Harris safe at first on error by second baseman Kent, Bonifacio scored. Guzman singled to center, Harris to second. Zimmerman flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 5th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Kemp lined out to right. Ethier homered to right. Kent lined out to left. Ramirez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Milledge hit by pitch. Belliard grounded out to third, Milledge to third. Flores grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Milledge out at home, Flores to second. Dukes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Loney flied out to center. Martin popped out to third. Garciaparra singled to left. Blake fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Maddux pitching for Dodgers. Bonifacio grounded out to third. Redding walked. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Harris grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Redding out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Pierre hit for Troncoso. Manning pitching for Nationals. Pierre walked. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pierre out at second. Ethier flied out to left. Shell pitching for Nationals. Kent flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Park pitching for Dodgers. Guzman grounded out to first. Zimmerman homered to center. Milledge struck out swinging. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Ramirez singled to left. Loney singled to right, Ramirez to third. Martin struck out swinging. Garciaparra popped out to second. Blake singled to left, Ramirez scored, Loney to second. Sweeney hit for Park. Sweeney walked, Loney to third, Blake to second. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Boone at first base. Kemp flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Flores struck out swinging. Dukes struck out swinging. Bonifacio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Ethier grounded out to shortstop. Kent struck out swinging. Ramirez singled to center. Loney flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 4 - Nationals 5.	Nats send skidding Dodgers to sixth straight loss