Dodgers - Top 1st. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Martin singled to center. Ethier flied out to left. Ramirez struck out looking. Loney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Morgan singled to center. Sanchez safe at first on error by shortstop Berroa, Morgan to second. McLouth grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sanchez out at second, Morgan to third. Doumit flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Blake homered to left. DeWitt singled to right. Pierre flied out to left. Berroa singled to left, DeWitt to second. Lowe sacrificed to catcher, DeWitt to third, Berroa to second, Lowe safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Karstens. DeWitt to third on throwing error by pitcher Karstens. Martin hit sacrifice fly to center, DeWitt scored, Berroa to third. Ethier singled to left center, Berroa scored, Lowe to second. Ramirez doubled to left, Lowe scored, Ethier to third. Loney flied out to left. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Moss grounded out to first. Mientkiewicz grounded out to shortstop. An LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Blake tripled to deep center. DeWitt hit sacrifice fly to left, Blake scored. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Berroa reached on infield single to shortstop. Lowe lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Karstens struck out looking. Morgan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Martin flied out to right. Ethier grounded out to third. Ramirez singled to left. Loney walked, Ramirez to second. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to third, Loney out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Sanchez singled to right. McLouth singled to left, Sanchez to second. Doumit singled to center, Sanchez scored, McLouth to third. Moss grounded into double play, catcher to shortstop to first, Doumit out at second. Mientkiewicz flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. DeWitt reached on infield single to second. Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop, DeWitt to second. Berroa grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pierre out at second, DeWitt to third. Lowe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. An LaRoche struck out swinging. Cruz grounded out to pitcher. Pearce hit for Karstens. Pearce flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Chavez pitching for Pirates. Martin walked. Ethier popped out to shortstop. Ramirez singled to center, Martin to second. Loney flied out to left. Martin stole third. Blake singled to center, Martin scored, Ramirez to second. DeWitt flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Morgan grounded out to second. Sanchez flied out to right. McLouth struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Chavez pitching for Pirates. Pierre struck out swinging. Berroa grounded out to pitcher. Lowe struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Doumit flied out to left. Moss grounded out to first. Mientkiewicz singled to right. An LaRoche grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mientkiewicz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Martin flied out to right. Ethier struck out looking. Ramirez popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Park pitching for Dodgers. Cruz popped out to second. Michaels hit for Grabow. Michaels struck out looking. Morgan doubled to right. Sanchez fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Yates pitching for Pirates. Loney grounded out to shortstop. Blake grounded out to shortstop. DeWitt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Pierre in left field. Repko in center field. McLouth doubled to right. Doumit flied out to right, McLouth to third. Moss hit sacrifice fly to center, McLouth scored. Mientkiewicz safe at first on error by second baseman DeWitt. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. An LaRoche struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Pirates 2.	Lowe, Dodgers beat Pirates, close in on West title