Reds - Top 1st. Suter pitching for Brewers. Hamilton struck out swinging. Peraza flied out to right. Votto singled to left. Duvall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Castillo pitching for Reds. Villar struck out looking. Cain struck out swinging. Santana fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Suter pitching for Brewers. Gennett grounded out to second. Ervin doubled to deep right center. Barnhart singled to left, Ervin scored. Gosselin singled to center, Barnhart to second. Castillo sacrificed to third, Barnhart to third, Gosselin to second. Hamilton singled to right, Barnhart and Gosselin scored. Peraza grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Castillo pitching for Reds. Shaw singled to right. Aguilar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Shaw out at second. Pérez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Suter pitching for Brewers. Votto lined out to third. Duvall singled to left. Gennett flied out to center. Ervin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Duvall out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Castillo pitching for Reds. Arcia struck out swinging. Bandy popped out to second. Suter walked. Villar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Suter pitching for Brewers. Barnhart struck out swinging. Gosselin grounded out to shortstop. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Castillo pitching for Reds. Cain grounded out to second. Santana struck out swinging. Shaw grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Suter pitching for Brewers. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. Peraza grounded out to third. Votto grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Castillo pitching for Reds. Aguilar struck out swinging. Pérez walked. Arcia singled to right, Pérez to third, Arcia to second advancing on throw. Bandy struck out swinging. Sogard hit for Suter. Sogard grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Drake pitching for Brewers. Duvall doubled to deep left. Gennett doubled to left, Duvall scored. Ervin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gennett out at third. Barnhart grounded out to third, Ervin to second. Gosselin intentionally walked. Castillo singled to right, Ervin scored, Gosselin to third. Hamilton singled to shallow center, Gosselin scored, Castillo to second. Castillo to third, Hamilton to second on wild pitch by Drake. Peraza doubled to deep left, Castillo and Hamilton scored. Votto doubled to deep center, Peraza scored. Duvall struck out looking. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Castillo pitching for Reds. Villar struck out swinging. Cain grounded out to first. Santana flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Nottingham catching. López pitching for Brewers. Gennett walked. Ervin singled to shallow left, Gennett to second. Barnhart grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Ervin out at second, Gennett to third. Gosselin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Castillo pitching for Reds. Shaw flied out to left. Aguilar singled to center. Pérez lined out to second. Arcia reached on infield single to second, Aguilar to second. Nottingham walked, Aguilar to third, Arcia to second. López doubled to right center, Aguilar and Arcia scored, Nottingham to third. Reed pitching for Reds. Nottingham scored, López to third on wild pitch by Reed. Villar singled to left, López scored. Quackenbush pitching for Reds. Cain singled to right, Villar to third. Santana struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Winker hit for Quackenbush. Lopez pitching for Brewers. Winker walked. Hamilton walked, Winker to second. Peraza grounded into fielder's choice to third, Winker out at third, Hamilton to second. Votto lined out to left. Duvall doubled to deep left, Hamilton scored, Peraza to third. Gennett grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Peralta pitching for Reds. Shaw flied out to left. Aguilar struck out swinging. Pérez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Lopez pitching for Brewers. Ervin struck out swinging. Barnhart struck out swinging. Gosselin flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Iglesias pitching for Reds. Arcia struck out swinging. Nottingham walked. Braun hit for López. Braun grounded out to second, Nottingham to second. Villar lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 10 - Brewers 4.	Reds cruise past Brewers 10-4 to end eight-game skid