Brewers - Top 1st. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Cain walked. Yelich grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cain out at second. Braun homered to right center (419 feet), Yelich scored. Aguilar grounded out to first. Shaw reached on infield single to first. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Shaw out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Moncada grounded out to first. Sánchez flied out to right. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Pérez struck out looking. Piña grounded out to first. Arcia walked. Cain walked, Arcia to second. Yelich walked, Arcia to third, Cain to second. Braun flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Palka walked. Anderson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Palka out at second. Narváez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Aguilar lined out to center. Shaw reached on bunt single to third. Santana doubled to center, Shaw to third. Pérez hit sacrifice fly to center, Shaw scored. Piña flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Engel hit ground rule double to left. Tilson singled to center, Engel scored. Tilson stole second. Thompson safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Shaw, Tilson scored. Moncada singled to center, Thompson scored, Moncada thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Sánchez struck out swinging. Abreu lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 4th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Arcia singled to shallow center. Cain popped out to second. Yelich walked, Arcia to second. Volstad pitching for White Sox. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Yelich out at second, Arcia to third. Aguilar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Palka flied out to center. Anderson grounded out to third. Narváez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Volstad pitching for White Sox. Shaw walked. Santana flied out to center. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Shaw out at second. Piña grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pérez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Engel reached on bunt single to third. Engel caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Tilson lined out to third. Thompson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Volstad pitching for White Sox. Arcia grounded out to shortstop. Cain grounded out to first. Avilán pitching for White Sox. Yelich popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Anderson pitching for Brewers. Moncada lined out to right. Sánchez popped out to shortstop. Abreu singled to center. Logan pitching for Brewers. Palka walked, Abreu to second. Albers pitching for Brewers. Anderson tripled to left center, Abreu and Palka scored. Narváez singled to right, Anderson scored. Engel grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Soria pitching for White Sox. Braun struck out looking. Aguilar struck out swinging. Shaw grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Jennings pitching for Brewers. Tilson struck out swinging. Thompson doubled to right. Moncada grounded out to second, Thompson to third. Sánchez singled to left, Thompson scored. Abreu doubled to left, Sánchez to third. Palka singled to shallow right center, Sánchez scored, Abreu tagged out at home. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Rondón pitching for White Sox. Santana struck out swinging. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. Piña walked. Arcia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Barnes pitching for Brewers. Anderson flied out to right. Narváez grounded out to shortstop. Engel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Cain popped out to second. Yelich walked. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to second, Yelich out at second. Braun to second on fielder's indifference. Aguilar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 3 - White Sox 8.	Anderson keys White Sox's comeback in 8-3 win over Brewers