Brewers - Top 1st. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Thames reached on infield single to third. Yelich doubled to deep left, Thames to third. Aguilar walked. Shaw grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thames scored, Aguilar out at second, Yelich to third. Saladino struck out swinging. Shaw stole second. Miller struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Dietrich doubled to deep right. Anderson grounded out to third. Castro walked. Cooper singled to right center, Dietrich scored, Castro to third. Riddle singled to center, Castro scored, Cooper to second. Rojas struck out swinging. Maybin popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Broxton reached on infield single to pitcher. Kratz grounded out to second, Broxton to second. Chacín grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Broxton out at third. Thames doubled to deep right, Chacín to third. Yelich singled to center, Chacín and Thames scored. Aguilar walked, Yelich to second. Yelich to third, Aguilar to second on wild pitch by López. Shaw intentionally walked. Saladino singled to left, Yelich and Aguilar scored, Shaw to second, Shaw thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Holaday singled to right. López singled to left center, Holaday to third. Dietrich hit sacrifice fly to left, Holaday scored. Anderson singled to center, López to second. Castro safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Saladino, López to third, Anderson to second. Cooper struck out swinging. Riddle grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 3rd. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Miller grounded out to second. Broxton struck out looking. Kratz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Rojas grounded out to pitcher. Maybin grounded out to third. Holaday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Chacín popped out to third. Thames grounded out to second. Yelich struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Chacin pitching for Brewers. López walked. Dietrich singled to right center, López to third, Dietrich out stretching at second. Anderson grounded out to shortstop, López scored. Castro flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Aguilar popped out to shortstop. Shaw safe at first on error by pitcher López. Saladino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Shaw out at second. Saladino caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Miller batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Cooper struck out swinging. Riddle grounded out to first. Rojas lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Lopez pitching for Marlins. Miller struck out swinging. Broxton flied out to right. Kratz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. Holaday grounded out to shortstop. Rivera hit for López. Rivera walked. Jennings pitching for Brewers. Dietrich grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Orf hit for Jennings. Orf flied out to center. Thames struck out swinging. Yelich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Anderson singled to center. Castro struck out swinging. Anderson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cooper singled to center. Riddle grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Guerra pitching for Marlins. Aguilar grounded out to pitcher. Shaw homered to right (381 feet). Saladino lined out to center. Miller struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Villar at second base. Burnes pitching for Brewers. Rojas grounded out to shortstop. Maybin lined out to center. Holaday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Meyer pitching for Marlins. Broxton flied out to right. Kratz doubled to deep left. Villar hit by pitch. Thames struck out swinging. Yelich doubled to left, Kratz and Villar scored, Yelich to third advancing on throw. Aguilar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Pérez in right field. Prado hit for Meyer. Burnes pitching for Brewers. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Dietrich grounded out to third. Anderson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 8 - Marlins 4.	Yelich's 3 hits, 4 RBIs lead Brewers over Marlins 8-4