Dodgers - Top 1st. Suter pitching for Brewers. Taylor grounded out to third. Machado singled to shallow right. Turner struck out swinging. Muncy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Broxton walked. Yelich singled to center, Broxton to second. Cain singled to left, Broxton to third, Yelich to second. Braun lined out to shortstop. Shaw singled to right, Broxton and Yelich scored, Cain to second. Saladino walked, Cain to third, Shaw to second. Pérez grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Cain out at home. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Suter pitching for Brewers. Kemp homered to left center (422 feet). Hernández safe at first on error by first baseman Braun. Forsythe singled to center, Hernández to second. Barnes struck out swinging. Wood sacrificed to third, Hernández to third, Forsythe to second. Taylor singled to left center, Hernández and Forsythe scored. Machado doubled to deep left center, Taylor scored. Turner doubled to left, Machado scored. Muncy struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Piña grounded out to third. Suter safe at first on error by second baseman Forsythe. Broxton lined out to right. Yelich reached on infield single to third, Suter to second. Cain walked, Suter to third, Yelich to second. Braun grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Suter pitching for Brewers. Kemp homered to center (405 feet). Hernández grounded out to pitcher. Forsythe lined out to second. Barnes bunt grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Bellinger at first base. Muncy at third base. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Shaw grounded out to second. Saladino struck out swinging. Pérez safe at first on error by third baseman Muncy. Piña flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Brewers. Wood bunt grounded out to pitcher. Taylor struck out swinging. Machado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Williams struck out swinging. Broxton lined out to left. Yelich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Williams pitching for Brewers. Bellinger tripled to deep right. Muncy safe at first on error by first baseman Braun, Bellinger scored. Kemp singled to left center, Muncy to third. Hernández walked, Kemp to second. Forsythe singled to right, Muncy scored, Kemp to third, Hernández to second. Barnes singled to left, Kemp and Hernández scored, Forsythe to third. Barnes pitching for Brewers. Wood bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Barnes out at second. Taylor hit sacrifice fly to right, Forsythe scored. Machado lined out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Cain singled to right center. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cain out at second. Shaw grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Braun out at second. Saladino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Phillips in center field. Jennings pitching for Brewers. Bellinger walked. Muncy singled to right, Bellinger to second. Kemp flied out to center. Hernández grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Muncy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Pérez struck out swinging. Piña struck out swinging. Phillips grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Orf at second base. Pérez pitching for Brewers. Forsythe walked. Barnes hit by pitch, Forsythe to second. Wood struck out swinging. Taylor lined out to center. Machado grounded into fielder's choice to third, Forsythe out at third, Barnes to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Ferguson pitching for Dodgers. Broxton struck out looking. Miller hit for Yelich. Miller grounded out to third. Orf grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Broxton in center field. Miller at second base. Orf in right field. Phillips in left field. Perez pitching for Brewers. Bellinger lined out to left. Muncy doubled to deep right center. Kemp lined out to left. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Taylor in center field. Pederson in left field. Hernández in right field. Ferguson pitching for Dodgers. Braun grounded out to second. Shaw walked. Saladino struck out swinging. Pérez reached on infield single to second, Shaw to second. Piña fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Pérez at first base. Kratz pitching for Brewers. Forsythe singled to left. Barnes struck out looking. Ferguson grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Forsythe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Ferguson pitching for Dodgers. Phillips grounded out to second. Broxton struck out swinging. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 11 - Brewers 2.	Kemp goes deep twice, Dodgers blow out Brewers 11-2