Astros - Top 1st . Myers pitching for Phillies . Biggio flied out to left . Ensberg flied out to center . Berkman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Rollins struck out swinging . Victorino grounded out to shortstop . Utley walked . Howard walked , Utley to second . Helms singled to right , Utley scored , Howard to third . Werth walked , Helms to second . Rowand reached on infield single to shortstop , Howard scored , Helms to third , Werth to second . Barajas reached on infield single to shortstop , Helms scored , Werth to third , Rowand to second . Myers struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Lee homered to right center . Scott grounded out to second . Burke struck out swinging . Everett struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Rollins singled to left . Victorino flied out to left . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rollins out at second . Howard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Ausmus doubled to deep right . Oswalt struck out swinging . Biggio grounded out to second , Ausmus to third . Ensberg walked . Berkman walked , Ensberg to second . Lee homered to left center , Ausmus , Ensberg and Berkman scored . Scott walked . Burke lined out to center . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Helms grounded out to shortstop . Werth struck out swinging . Rowand flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Everett walked . Everett stole second . Ausmus walked . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Oswalt sacrificed to first , Everett to third , Ausmus to second . Biggio lined out to pitcher . Ensberg homered to left , Everett and Ausmus scored . Berkman walked . Lee flied out to right . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Barajas walked . Lieber bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Barajas out at second . Rollins singled to right , Lieber to second . Victorino singled to left , Lieber to third , Rollins to second . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lieber scored , Victorino out at second , Rollins to third . Howard singled to right , Rollins scored , Utley to third . Helms flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Scott singled to right center . Burke grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Scott out at second . Everett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Werth struck out swinging . Rowand walked . Dobbs hit for Lieber . Barajas walked , Rowand to second . Dobbs grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Barajas out at second , Rowand to third . Rowand scored , Dobbs to second on balk by Oswalt . Houston 's Manager Garner ejected by Gibson in the 5th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Rollins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Palmeiro hit for Oswalt . Geary pitching for Phillies . Ausmus struck out looking . Palmeiro struck out swinging . Biggio doubled to right . Lidge pitching for Astros . Ensberg popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Lidge pitching for Astros . Victorino flied out to right . Utley hit by pitch . Howard flied out to left . Helms reached on infield single to shortstop , Utley to second , Utley to third on throwing error by shortstop Everett . Werth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 7th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Berkman walked . Lee fouled out to first . White pitching for Astros . Scott grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Berkman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . White pitching for Astros . Rowand singled to left . Burrell hit for Geary . Barajas grounded out to third , Rowand to second . Burrell grounded out to third , Rowand to third . Alfonseca pitching for Phillies . Rollins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Alfonseca pitching for Phillies . Burke doubled to left . Burke stole third . Everett grounded out to shortstop . Lamb hit for White . Ausmus struck out looking . Lamb intentionally walked . Miller pitching for Astros . Biggio grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lamb out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Astros . Victorino singled to center . Utley walked , Victorino to second . Qualls pitching for Astros . Howard singled to right , Victorino thrown out at home , Utley to third . Madson pitching for Phillies . Helms grounded into double play , third to second to first , Howard out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Ensberg flied out to center . Berkman struck out swinging . Lee homered to center . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Burke at second base . Lane in center field . Scott struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Werth struck out swinging . Rowand struck out looking . Barajas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 9 - Phillies 6 .	Lee slams three homers ; Oswalt wins 100th