Astros - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . Loretta struck out swinging . Berkman fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Young struck out swinging . Callaspo flied out to center . Byrnes singled to center . Reynolds walked , Byrnes to second . Drew grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Lee flied out to right . Pence grounded out to pitcher . Ensberg fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Jackson singled to center . Quentin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jackson out at second . Montero lined into double play , second to first , Quentin doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Ausmus grounded out to third . Everett singled to center . Oswalt reached on bunt single to second , Everett to second . Lamb grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Oswalt out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Young grounded out to third . Callaspo fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Loretta popped out to second . Berkman singled to right center , Berkman to third on error by right fielder Quentin . Lee hit sacrifice fly to right , Berkman scored . Pence singled to right . Ensberg singled to left , Pence to second . Ausmus flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Byrnes flied out to center . Reynolds grounded out to second . Drew flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Everett flied out to center . Oswalt grounded out to second . Lamb grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Jackson walked . Quentin homered to left center , Jackson scored . Montero doubled to right . Hernandez grounded out to catcher , Montero to third . Young reached on infield single to second , Montero scored . Callaspo singled to center , Young to second . Byrnes flied out to right . Reynolds struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Loretta grounded out to pitcher . Berkman flied out to right . Lee flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Drew doubled to deep right . Jackson grounded out to third . Quentin singled to right center , Drew to third . Montero grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Quentin out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Pence doubled to deep right . Ensberg flied out to center , Pence to third . Ausmus grounded out to shortstop , Pence scored . Everett singled to center . Oswalt grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Hernandez safe at first on error by shortstop Everett . Young doubled to deep center , Hernandez to third . Callaspo singled to center , Hernandez scored , Young to third . White pitching for Astros . Byrnes singled to right , Young scored , Callaspo to second . Reynolds singled to left , Callaspo scored , Byrnes to second . Drew popped out to second . Jackson singled to left center , Byrnes scored , Reynolds to second , Reynolds to third , Jackson to second on error by left fielder Lee . Quentin intentionally walked . Montero struck out swinging . Hernandez fouled out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Lamb flied out to left . Loretta flied out to right . Borkowski pitching for Astros . Berkman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Borkowski pitching for Astros . Young struck out looking . Callaspo walked . Callaspo to second on wild pitch by Borkowski . Byrnes flied out to center . Reynolds singled to center , Callaspo scored . Drew grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Lee flied out to center . Pence struck out swinging . Ensberg homered to center . Ausmus singled to center . Palmeiro hit for Borkowski . Everett singled to center , Ausmus to third . Palmeiro singled to center , Ausmus scored , Everett to second . Lamb fouled out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 4 - Diamondbacks 8 .	D - Backs send Oswalt , Astros to 8th straight loss