Astros - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Biggio grounded out to pitcher . Pence grounded out to pitcher . Berkman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Astros . Taveras flied out to right . Matsui flied out to center . Holliday singled to left . Helton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Lee flied out to right . Loretta lined out to first . Scott struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Astros . Atkins lined out to center . Hawpe lined out to first . Tulowitzki doubled to deep left . Torrealba grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Everett grounded out to third . Ausmus grounded out to pitcher . Williams grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Astros . Cook lined out to second . Taveras grounded out to pitcher . Matsui walked . Matsui stole second . Holliday doubled to deep left center , Matsui scored . Helton lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Biggio fouled out to catcher . Pence safe at second on error by center fielder Taveras . Berkman singled to center , Pence scored , Berkman to second advancing on throw . Lee walked . Loretta singled to right center , Berkman scored , Lee to third . Scott grounded out to first , Loretta to second . Everett reached on infield single to shortstop , Lee scored , Loretta to third . Ausmus grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Astros . Atkins singled to right center . Hawpe flied out to right . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Atkins stole second . Torrealba singled to right , Atkins scored . Cook reached on bunt single to pitcher , Torrealba to second . Taveras singled to center , Torrealba scored , Cook to second . Matsui singled to right , Cook scored , Taveras to third . Holliday walked , Matsui to second . Helton flied out to left . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Williams singled to right . Biggio singled to left , Williams to second . Pence singled to right center , Williams scored , Biggio to third . Berkman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Biggio scored , Pence out at second . Lee flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Astros . Atkins flied out to right . Hawpe flied out to left . Tulowitzki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Loretta walked . Scott grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Loretta out at second . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Scott out at second . Ausmus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Astros . Torrealba singled to left . Torrealba to second on balk by Williams . Cook sacrificed to pitcher , Torrealba to third . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Taveras flied out to left , Torrealba thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Williams flied out to right . Biggio grounded out to shortstop . Pence struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for Astros . Matsui homered to right . Miller pitching for Astros . Houston 's Williams ejected by Bucknor in the 7th . Helton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Holliday out at second . Atkins singled to left , Helton to second . Qualls pitching for Astros . Hawpe tripled to deep right center , Helton and Atkins scored . Tulowitzki singled to right center , Hawpe scored . Barker hit for Buchholz . Torrealba singled to center , Tulowitzki to second . Barker hit by pitch , Tulowitzki to third , Torrealba to second . Taveras grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tulowitzki out at home , Torrealba to third , Barker to second . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Matsui struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Berkman homered to left center . Lee fouled out to right . Loretta grounded out to shortstop . Lidge pitching for Astros . Burke in right field . Scott struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Lidge pitching for Astros . Holliday doubled to deep center . Helton grounded out to second , Holliday to third . Atkins grounded out to pitcher . Hawpe intentionally walked . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Ensberg hit for Ausmus . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Everett grounded out to shortstop . Ensberg homered to center . Burke grounded out to shortstop . Biggio grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 7 - Rockies 8 .	Rockies pull by Astros