White Sox - Top 1st . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Saladino singled to center . Anderson flied out to center . Cabrera walked , Saladino to second . Saladino to third , Cabrera to second on passed ball by Romine . Abreu grounded out to third . García flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Holland pitching for White Sox . Ellsbury singled to left . Hicks grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ellsbury out at second . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Davidson struck out swinging . Sánchez singled to center . Smith grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sánchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Holland pitching for White Sox . Castro hit ground rule double to deep center . Headley safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Anderson , Castro to third , Headley advanced to first on Anderson throwing error , Headley thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Judge struck out swinging . Carter popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . May grounded out to second . Saladino struck out swinging . Anderson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Holland pitching for White Sox . Romine struck out swinging . Kozma reached on infield single to first . Ellsbury safe at first on error by first baseman Abreu , Kozma to second . Hicks grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ellsbury out at second , Kozma to third . Holliday homered to left , Kozma and Hicks scored . Castro doubled to deep center . Headley doubled to left , Castro scored , Headley to third on error by left fielder Cabrera . Judge reached on infield single to shortstop , Headley scored . Carter flied out to left . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 4th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Cabrera singled to right . Abreu flied out to left . García grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Holland pitching for White Sox . Romine walked . Kozma flied out to left . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Hicks flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Davidson struck out swinging . Sánchez flied out to left . Smith grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Holland pitching for White Sox . Holliday struck out swinging . Castro singled to shallow left . Headley flied out to center . Judge homered to left , Castro scored . Swarzak pitching for White Sox . Carter flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . May struck out swinging . Saladino walked . Anderson singled to center , Saladino to second . Cabrera popped out to first . Abreu flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Swarzak pitching for White Sox . Romine grounded out to first . Kozma struck out swinging . Ellsbury struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . García reached on infield single to shortstop . Davidson singled to right , García to second . Sánchez homered to left , García and Davidson scored . Warren pitching for Yankees . Smith grounded out to pitcher . May grounded out to first . Saladino walked . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Saladino out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Swarzak pitching for White Sox . Hicks fouled out to first . Holliday struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Warren pitching for Yankees . Cabrera singled to left center . Abreu flied out to right . García grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Ynoa pitching for White Sox . Headley flied out to left . Judge struck out swinging . Bird hit for Carter . Bird struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Bird at first base . Warren pitching for Yankees . Davidson struck out swinging . Sánchez singled to right . Smith doubled to deep center , Sánchez scored . Chapman pitching for Yankees . García hit for May. García singled to shallow right , Smith to third . Saladino grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , García out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 4 - Yankees 7 .	Montgomery gets 1st win , Yanks beat White Sox for 8th in row