Blue Jays - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Pillar singled to left . Bautista singled to left , Pillar to second . Martin struck out looking . Morales flied out to right , Pillar to third . Smoak singled to center , Pillar scored , Bautista to second . Pearce homered to left ( 397 feet ) , Bautista and Smoak scored . Travis lined out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner singled to left . Hicks walked , Gardner to second . Holliday homered to center ( 440 feet ) , Gardner and Hicks scored . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Judge singled to right . Judge caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Headley walked . Carter struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Barney doubled to left . Goins reached on bunt single to third , Barney to third . Pillar grounded out to pitcher , Goins to second . Bautista walked . Martin walked , Barney scored , Goins to third , Bautista to second . Morales grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Goins scored , Martin out at second , Bautista to third . Smoak flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Torreyes struck out swinging . Higashioka walked . Gardner singled to left , Higashioka to second . Hicks grounded out to first , Higashioka to third , Gardner to second . Holliday grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Pearce walked . Travis struck out swinging . Barney grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pearce out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Castro singled to center . Judge homered to center ( 426 feet ) , Castro scored . Headley grounded out to third . Carter flied out to center . Torreyes grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Goins struck out looking . Pillar struck out looking . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Higashioka lined out to third . Gardner walked . Hicks walked , Gardner to second . Holliday grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hicks out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Martin walked . Morales singled to shallow right , Martin to second . Warren pitching for Yankees . Smoak flied out to right . Pearce struck out swinging . Martin to third , Morales to second on wild pitch by Warren . Travis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Castro singled to right center . Judge flied out to right . Headley flied out to left . Carter singled to center , Castro to third . Torreyes walked , Carter to second . Biagini pitching for Blue Jays . Higashioka struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Clippard pitching for Yankees . Barney singled to left . Goins sacrificed to third , Barney to second . Pillar walked . Bautista struck out swinging . Martin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Biagini pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner struck out looking . Hicks struck out looking . Holliday struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Clippard pitching for Yankees . Morales struck out swinging . Smoak lined out to center . Betances pitching for Yankees . Pearce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Biagini pitching for Blue Jays . Castro struck out swinging . Judge singled to left . Headley doubled to right , Judge to third . Carter singled to left , Judge scored , Headley to third . Gregorius hit for Torreyes . Gregorius reached on infield single to pitcher , Headley scored , Carter to second . Smith pitching for Blue Jays . Higashioka struck out looking . Gardner walked , Carter to third , Gregorius to second . Hicks walked , Carter scored , Gregorius to third , Gardner to second . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hicks out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Gregorius at shortstop . Betances pitching for Yankees . Travis flied out to center . Coghlan hit for Barney . Coghlan grounded out to second . Goins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Coghlan at third base . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Castro struck out swinging . Judge struck out swinging . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Pillar fouled out to catcher . Bautista flied out to right . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - Yankees 8 .	Judge 's 13th homer helps Yanks rally past Blue Jays 8 - 6