Angels - Top 1st . Severino pitching for Yankees . Maybin homered to left ( 383 feet ) . Calhoun grounded out to third . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Chavez pitching for Angels . Gardner fouled out to catcher . Hicks grounded out to first . Judge walked . Holliday walked , Judge to second . Castro singled to right , Judge scored , Holliday to second . Sánchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Holliday out at third , Castro to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Severino pitching for Yankees . Valbuena struck out swinging . Simmons grounded out to second . Young Jr. grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Chavez pitching for Angels . Gregorius lined out to left . Carter doubled to deep center . Torreyes reached on infield single to catcher , Carter to third . Gardner grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Carter scored , Torreyes out at second . Hicks singled to right , Gardner to third . Judge homered to center ( 425 feet ) , Gardner and Hicks scored . Holliday struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Severino pitching for Yankees . Maldonado grounded out to third . Pennington singled to shallow left . Maybin walked , Pennington to second . Calhoun grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Maybin out at second , Pennington to third . Pujols singled to right center , Pennington scored , Calhoun to third . Escobar singled to right center , Calhoun scored , Pujols to second . Valbuena grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Chavez pitching for Angels . Castro struck out swinging . Sánchez singled to left . Gregorius grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Sánchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Severino pitching for Yankees . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . Young Jr. struck out looking . Maldonado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Chavez pitching for Angels . Carter struck out swinging . Torreyes flied out to right . Gardner singled to right . Gardner stole second . Hicks lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Severino pitching for Yankees . Pennington walked . Maybin struck out looking . Calhoun flied out to left . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Petit pitching for Angels . Judge struck out swinging . Holliday flied out to right . Castro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Severino pitching for Yankees . Escobar doubled to right center . Valbuena singled to center , Escobar scored . Simmons grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Valbuena out at second . Young Jr. singled to center . Maldonado grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Petit pitching for Angels . Sánchez struck out swinging . Gregorius flied out to center . Carter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Severino pitching for Yankees . Pennington singled to right . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pennington safe at third on error by second baseman Castro . Shreve pitching for Yankees . Calhoun hit sacrifice fly to center , Pennington scored . Betances pitching for Yankees . Maybin stole second . Maybin safe at third on throwing error by catcher Sánchez . Pujols singled to right , Maybin scored . Escobar walked , Pujols to second . Pujols to third , Escobar to second on wild pitch by Betances . Valbuena struck out swinging . Simmons doubled to left , Pujols and Escobar scored . Young Jr. struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Torreyes struck out swinging . Gardner grounded out to shortstop . Hicks flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Germán pitching for Yankees . Maldonado struck out swinging . Pennington doubled to deep right . Pennington to third on wild pitch by Germán . Maybin walked . Calhoun hit sacrifice fly to left , Maybin scored . Pujols grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Middleton pitching for Angels . Judge struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . German pitching for Yankees . Escobar struck out looking . Valbuena struck out swinging . Simmons grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Hernandez pitching for Angels . Sánchez struck out swinging . Gregorius struck out swinging . Carter singled to left . Carter to second on fielder 's indifference . Torreyes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 10 - Yankees 5 .	Pujols , Angels surge late , rally past sloppy Yankees 10 - 5