Blue Jays - Top 1st . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Bautista singled to left . Donaldson struck out swinging . Smoak grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner grounded out to catcher . Judge singled to right . Sánchez singled to right , Judge to third . Gregorius walked , Sánchez to second . Headley hit by pitch , Judge scored , Sánchez to third , Gregorius to second . Ellsbury walked , Sánchez scored , Gregorius to third , Headley to second . Torreyes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ellsbury out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Morales struck out swinging . Pearce struck out swinging . Carrera singled to center . Barney popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Carter flied out to center . Frazier lined out to left . Gardner grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Goins grounded out to first . Maile struck out swinging . Bautista walked . Donaldson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Judge struck out swinging . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . Gregorius grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Smoak doubled to deep left . Morales struck out swinging . Pearce grounded out to third . Carrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Headley singled to left center . Ellsbury singled to left , Headley to second . Torreyes bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Headley out at third , Ellsbury to second . Carter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Torreyes out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Barney popped out to third . Goins struck out looking . Maile doubled to left . Maile to third on passed ball by Sánchez . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Frazier struck out swinging . Gardner doubled to deep right . Judge grounded out to second , Gardner to third . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Donaldson popped out to second . Smoak grounded out to pitcher . Morales flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Gregorius flied out to center . Headley grounded out to third . Ellsbury grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Pearce grounded out to shortstop . Carrera hit by pitch . Carrera stole second , Carrera safe at third on throwing error by catcher Sánchez . Barney singled to left center , Carrera scored . Goins grounded out to pitcher , Barney to second . Maile grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Barnes pitching for Blue Jays . Torreyes flied out to center . Carter walked . Frazier struck out swinging . Gardner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Betances pitching for Yankees . Bautista struck out swinging . Donaldson walked . Smoak struck out swinging . Donaldson caught stealing second , catcher to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Judge singled to left . Sánchez doubled to deep left , Judge to third . Gregorius walked . Headley doubled to deep right , Judge and Sánchez scored , Gregorius to third . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Torreyes grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gregorius and Headley scored . Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays . Carter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Torreyes out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Morales doubled to deep right . Pearce grounded out to pitcher . Pillar hit for Carrera . Pillar doubled to left , Morales scored . Barney singled to right , Pillar scored . Tulowitzki hit for Goins . Barney to second on wild pitch by Chapman . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Martin hit for Maile . Martin lined out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 3 - Yankees 6 .	Tanaka pitches Yankees to 6 - 3 win over slumping Blue Jays