Yankees - Top 1st . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner flied out to left . Frazier struck out swinging . Judge walked . Sánchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Judge out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Bautista doubled to right . Martin sacrificed to pitcher , Bautista to third . Donaldson homered to right center ( 407 feet ) , Bautista scored . Smoak walked . Morales struck out swinging . Pearce doubled to left , Smoak to third . Pillar grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Headley singled to right center . Gregorius singled to right , Headley to second . Frazier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gregorius out at second , Headley to third . Cooper singled to right , Headley scored . Torreyes grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Refsnyder grounded out to shortstop . Barney grounded out to second . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner lined out to shortstop . Frazier struck out swinging . Judge walked . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Martin singled to center . Donaldson homered to left ( 405 feet ) , Martin scored . Smoak struck out swinging . Morales doubled to left . Pearce grounded out to third . Pillar popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Headley flied out to right . Gregorius grounded out to shortstop . Frazier lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Mitchell pitching for Yankees . Refsnyder singled to center . Barney grounded into double play , third to second to first , Refsnyder out at second . Bautista safe at first on error by pitcher Mitchell . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 5th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Cooper singled to right center . Torreyes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cooper out at second . Gardner lined out to left . Frazier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Mitchell pitching for Yankees . Donaldson grounded out to second . Smoak doubled to right . Morales grounded out to first , Smoak to third . Pearce walked . Pillar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Judge struck out looking . Sánchez walked . Headley walked , Sánchez to second . Gregorius flied out to left . Leone pitching for Blue Jays . Frazier reached on infield single to shortstop , Sánchez to third , Headley to second . Cooper flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Mitchell pitching for Yankees . Refsnyder grounded out to shortstop . Barney grounded out to pitcher . Bautista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Barnes pitching for Blue Jays . Torreyes singled to center . Gardner grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Torreyes out at second . Frazier singled to right center . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Judge struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Mitchell pitching for Yankees . Martin lined out to right . Donaldson reached on infield single to pitcher . Smoak flied out to center . Morales grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 8th . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Sánchez hit by pitch . Headley hit by pitch , Sánchez to second . Gregorius popped out to third . Frazier walked , Sánchez to third , Headley to second . Cooper hit sacrifice fly to left , Sánchez scored . Torreyes lined out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Mitchell pitching for Yankees . Pearce reached on infield single to shortstop . Carrera ran for Pearce . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Pillar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Carrera out at second . Goins hit for Refsnyder . Goins singled to center . Barney lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Carrera in left field . Goins at shortstop . Barney at second base . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner lined out to shortstop . Ellsbury hit for Frazier . Ellsbury popped out to second . Judge fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 2 - Blue Jays 4 .	Donaldson homers twice , Jays beat Yankees 4 - 2