Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Snell pitching for Rays. Locastro struck out swinging. Marte struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Lowe walked. Pham singled to center, Lowe to third. Choi grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lowe scored, Pham out at second. Díaz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Choi out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Snell pitching for Rays. Jones struck out swinging. Walker struck out swinging. Flores lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Lowe singled to center. García reached on infield single to third, Lowe to second. Kiermaier lined out to left. Zunino hit by pitch, García to second, Lowe to third. Robertson walked, Lowe scored, Zunino to second, García to third. Lowe struck out swinging. Pham homered to center (443 feet), García scored, Zunino scored and Robertson scored. Choi grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Snell pitching for Rays. Ahmed struck out swinging. Murphy lined out to shortstop. Vargas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Díaz doubled to deep left center. Lowe lined out to center, Díaz to third. García singled to left, Díaz scored. Kiermaier flied out to left. Zunino singled to left, García to second. Robertson walked, Zunino to second, García to third. Lowe flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Snell pitching for Rays. Locastro fouled out to first. Marte struck out looking. Escobar fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Pham grounded out to shortstop. Choi grounded out to second. Díaz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Snell pitching for Rays. Jones flied out to right. Walker struck out looking. Flores flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Lowe walked. García grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lowe out at second. Kiermaier fouled out to catcher. Zunino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, García out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Snell pitching for Rays. Ahmed struck out swinging. Murphy struck out swinging. Vargas singled to left. Locastro hit by pitch, Vargas to second. Marte grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Robertson grounded out to shortstop. Lowe lined out to left. Pham walked. Choi singled to center, Choi to second, Pham to third. Díaz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Roe pitching for Rays. Escobar walked. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Escobar out at second. Walker walked. Flores flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Lowe struck out swinging. García walked. Kiermaier flied out to right. Zunino singled to left, García to second. Robertson doubled to deep right center, Zunino scored and García scored. Lowe singled to shallow right, Robertson scored. Pham struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Velazquez at third base. Sadler pitching for Rays. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Murphy struck out swinging. Vargas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Locastro in center field. Swihart in left field. Kelly catching. John Ryan Murphy pitching for Diamondbacks. Choi grounded out to pitcher. Velazquez popped out to shortstop. Lowe doubled to center. García homered to center (415 feet), Lowe scored. Kiermaier popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Sadler pitching for Rays. Locastro popped out to third. Swihart singled to right. Kelly walked, Swihart to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Swihart scored on error by third baseman Velazquez, Kelly to second, Jones safe at second on error by third baseman Velazquez, Kelly safe at third. Walker flied out to left. Flores fouled out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 1 - Rays 12.	Blake Snell sparkles, Rays rout Diamondbacks 12-1