Reds - Top 1st . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Stubbs struck out swinging . Phillips walked . Votto singled to center , Phillips to third . Rolen walked , Votto to second . Gomes walked , Phillips scored , Votto to third , Rolen to second . Renteria hit sacrifice fly to right , Votto scored , Rolen to third . Bruce grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Leake pitching for Reds . Bloomquist grounded out to pitcher . Johnson grounded out to second . Upton singled to deep right . Drew singled to right , Upton to second . Young popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernandez flied out to left . Leake grounded out to third . Stubbs walked . Phillips doubled to right , Stubbs to third . Votto singled to right , Stubbs scored , Phillips thrown out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Leake pitching for Reds . Miranda grounded out to first . Roberts safe at second on error by right fielder Bruce . Blanco struck out swinging . Saunders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 3rd . Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks . Rolen doubled to deep right center . Gomes popped out to second . Renteria reached on infield single to third . Bruce doubled to deep right , Rolen scored , Renteria to third . Hernandez intentionally walked . Leake grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Renteria out at home , Bruce to third , Hernandez to second . Stubbs flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Leake pitching for Reds . Bloomquist reached on infield single to shortstop , Bloomquist to second on throwing error by shortstop Renteria . Johnson struck out swinging . Upton walked , Bloomquist stole third . Upton batting . Drew hit ground rule double to deep right , Bloomquist scored , Upton to third . Young popped out to shortstop . Miranda grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 4th . Mickolio pitching for Diamondbacks . Phillips lined out to first . Votto singled to right . Rolen popped out to first . Votto stole second . Gomes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Leake pitching for Reds . Roberts struck out swinging . Blanco flied out to right . Mickolio grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Mickolio pitching for Diamondbacks . Renteria singled to right . Bruce struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Renteria out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Leake pitching for Reds . Bloomquist reached on infield single to shortstop . Johnson singled to center , Bloomquist to third . Upton reached on infield single to third , Johnson to second . Drew singled to right , Bloomquist scored , Johnson to third , Upton to second . Young hit sacrifice fly to left , Johnson scored . Miranda grounded out to first , Upton to third , Drew to second . Roberts homered to left center ( 406 feet ) , Upton and Drew scored . Blanco walked . Branyan hit for Mickolio . Smith pitching for Reds . Branyan grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Cairo hit for Smith . Cairo flied out to center . Stubbs grounded out to third . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Ondrusek pitching for Reds . Bloomquist singled to center . Johnson struck out swinging . Bloomquist caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Upton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Votto grounded out to first . Rolen singled to center . Gomes homered to left ( 400 feet ) , Rolen scored . Renteria struck out swinging . Bruce flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Chapman pitching for Reds . Janish at shortstop . Drew walked . Drew caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Young struck out looking . Miranda walked . Roberts walked , Miranda to second . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Janish flied out to center . Stubbs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Masset pitching for Reds . Parra hit for Heilman . Parra singled to left center . Bloomquist flied out to right . Johnson walked , Parra to second . Upton lined out to second . Drew singled to right , Parra scored , Johnson to second . Young homered to left center ( 388 feet ) , Johnson and Drew scored . Miranda flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Phillips reached on infield single to second . Votto singled to right , Phillips to third . Rolen hit sacrifice fly to center , Phillips scored . Gomes singled to right , Votto to second . Francisco hit for Masset . Francisco struck out swinging . Bruce struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 8 - Diamondbacks 10 .	D - backs net four runs in 8th to rally by Reds \n